There is manuscript evidence that Austen continued to work on these pieces as late as the period 1809 â '' 11 , and that her niece and nephew , Anna and James Edward Austen , made further additions as late as 1814 .
In a remarkable comparative analysis , Mandaean scholar Säve-Söderberg demonstrated that Mani 's Psalms of Thomas were closely related to Mandaean texts .
Before Persephone was released to Hermes , who had been sent to retrieve her , Hades tricked her into eating pomegranate seeds , -LRB- six or three according to the telling -RRB- which forced her to return to the underworld for a period each year .
Cogeneration plants are commonly found in district heating systems of cities , hospitals , prisons , oil refineries , paper mills , wastewater treatment plants , thermal enhanced oil recovery wells and industrial plants with large heating needs .
Geneva -LRB- , ; , ; , ; ; -RRB- is the second-most-populous city in Switzerland -LRB- after Zürich -RRB- and is the most populous city of Romandie -LRB- the French-speaking part of Switzerland -RRB- .
When Japan earned another race on the F1 schedule ten years later , it went to Suzuka instead .
This marked the first motorcycle racing event at the facility since its first month of operation , in August 1909 .
Ka La Ku'oko ' a -LRB- Hawaiian Independence Day -RRB- : The Kingdom of Hawai`i is officially recognized by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and July Monarchy France as an independent nation .
A scythe -LRB- Oxford English Dictionary , Oxford University Press , 1933 : Scythe -RRB- is an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass , reaping crops , or reaping people -LRB- i.e. the Grim Reaper -RRB- .
Toshihide Saito is a Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- defender .
Many still refer to 25 , 50 and 75 paise as 4 , 8 and 12 annas respectively , not unlike the usage of '' bit '' in American English for â
In Holland they were called Stadspijpers , in Germany Stadtpfeifer and in Italy Pifferi .
Plays and comic puppet theater loosely based on this legend were popular throughout Germany in the 16th century , often reducing Faust and Mephistopheles to figures of vulgar fun .
Directed by Jon Avnet and written by Fannie Flagg and Carol Sobieski , it stars Kathy Bates , Jessica Tandy , Mary-Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson .
Beaumont-Pied-de-B Å '' uf is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In September 1869 , O'Reilly escaped and was rescued by an American ship .
The Algerian government cut the electricity supply to at least large parts of the capital Algiers -LRB- and allegedly to large parts of the country -RRB- , to prevent the program from being seen .
Castleton is a honeypot village in the Derbyshire Peak District , in England .
Sensing of both the external and internal environments at the cellular level relies on signal transduction . Many disease processes , such as diabetes , heart disease , autoimmunity , and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways , further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology , as well as medicine .
The width of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal width of the scales .
May 27 , 1199 Friday -- John Lackland -LRB- 1167 -- 1216 -RRB- became King of England upon the death of his older brother Richard the Lion Hearted .
A very wide covered footbridge joins all platforms at their western ends but does not provide entry to or egress from the station .
Its widespread presence in many seeds and fruits may serve to stimulate the digestive tract into expelling the seeds .
Country Music Television , or CMT , is an American country music-oriented cable television network .
Free content , or free information , is any kind of functional work , artwork , or other creative content , which meets the free content definition , having no significant legal restriction relative to people 's freedom to use , distribute copies , modify , and to distribute derived works of the content .
Sea surface temperature -LRB- SST -RRB- is the water temperature close to the surface .
They take up oxygen in the lungs or gills and release it while squeezing through the body 's capillaries .
He has subsequently written a further nine plays .
Lemon meringue pie is a type of baked pie , usually served for dessert , typically prepared with a bottom pie crust , but with no upper crust .
A veritable reference book to Thunderbolt 's many adventures , Patch provides the perfect guide for the TV star in his attempts at real-life heroics .
On July 29 , 2008 the Palace announced that King George Tupou V would relinquish much of his power and would surrender his role in day-to-day governmental affairs to the Prime Minister .
F. W. D. Brie , 1906 .
Simon Boccanegra is an opera with a prologue and three acts by Giuseppe Verdi to an Italian libretto by Francesco Maria Piave , based on the play SimÃ n Bocanegra -LRB- 1843 -RRB- by Antonio GarcÃ a GutiÃ rrez .
On June 6 , 2000 , ten days before the movie was released , at the SuperComm 2000 tradeshow , the movie was projected simultaneously at the trade show in Atlanta , Georgia as well as a screen in Los Angeles , California .
The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant -LRB- -RRB- is a nuclear power plant in Iran south-east of the city of Bushehr , between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf .
In 2002 , Ortiz hit .272 for Minnesota , with 20 home runs and 75 RBIs . The Twins advanced to the American League Championship Series that year , where they lost to the Anaheim Angels .
As a result the paper 's coverage changed radically from an uncritical and rather reverential showbiz-oriented paper to something intended to be smarter , hipper , more cynical and funnier than any mainstream British music paper had previously been -LRB- an approach influenced mainly by writers such as Tom Wolfe and Lester Bangs -RRB- .
The King -LRB- who appears to be chronically dissatisfied with his 10-cm-tall son 's small size -RRB- charges the Prince to go to Earth with a '' katamari '' -- a magical ball that allows anything smaller than it to stick to it and make it grow -- and collect enough material for him to recreate the stars and constellations .
Marklohe is a municipality in the district of Nienburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- , interstitial lung disease -LRB- ILD -RRB-
Glenn Thomas Jacobs -LRB- born April 26 , 1967 in Madrid , Spain -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor better known by his ring name , Kane and is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on its SmackDown brand .
Sudan is situated in northern Africa , bordering the Red Sea and it has a coastline of 853 km along the Red Sea .
Shades of red and orange may sometimes appear , either replacing or mixing with the yellow according to subspecies .
Also known as Hentchak , Henchak , Social-Democratic Hentchakists , Huntchakians , Hnchakian , Henchags , its name is taken from its newspaper Hunchak , meaning '' Clarion '' or '' Bell '' in English , and is taken by party members to represent '' a call or awakening , for enlightenment and freedom . ''
Guitars are traditionally constructed of various woods and strung with animal gut or , more recently , with either nylon or steel strings .
The player takes on the role of an engineer named Isaac Clarke , who battles a polymorphic , virus-like , alien infestation which turns humans into grotesque alien monsters called '' Necromorphs '' , on board a stricken interstellar mining ship named the USG Ishimura .
Sergio PÃ rez Mendoza -LRB- born January 26 , 1990 in Guadalajara , Jalisco -RRB- , also known as '' Checo '' PÃ rez , is a Mexican racing driver .
To order the book as a bound book , click the '' Order book from PediaPress '' button .
The conflict between his parents about religion meant that , unlike most Italians , Mussolini was not baptised at birth and would not be until much later in life .
1810 & ndash ; Ernst Kummer , German mathematician -LRB- d. 1893 -RRB-
He studied in Armenia and Istanbul , then at Wisconsin University which he finished in 1915 .
AmbÃ rieux-en-Dombes is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
It is by far the longest of the Pauline epistles , and is considered his '' most important theological legacy '' .
The Suprematists also made architectural models in the 1920s which offered a different conception of socialist buildings to those developed in Constructivist architecture .
70 Virginis b is an extrasolar planet approximately 60 light-years away in the constellation of Virgo .
Detention may refer to : Detention -LRB- 2003 film -RRB- School punishment #Detention , a punishment used in schools Detention -LRB- Cold Case Episode -RRB- , Episode 58 -LRB- Series 3 Episode 12 -RRB- of CBS TV Drama Cold Case .
A user 's home directory is intended to contain that user 's files ; including text documents , music , pictures or videos , etc. .
The Old Kingdom was followed by a period of disunity and relative cultural decline referred to by Egyptologists as the First Intermediate Period .
Rudolph Valentino -LRB- May 6 , 1895 -- August 23 , 1926 -RRB- was an Italian actor , sex symbol , and early pop icon .
Unión Deportiva Las Palmas , S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , in the autonomous community of Canary Islands .
The major towns are Rabaul/Kokopo in East New Britain and Kimbe in West New Britain .
During the 1970s , his nephew Billy Backus became world 's welterweight champion after having a shaky start to his own boxing career , and Basilio declared on the day that Backus became champion , that to him , Billy winning the title was better than when he won it himself .
That same year , Mattel also introduced Fashion Polly !
European-brought diseases sweep through the Andes , killing thousands , including the Inca .
Schneider writes numerous publications on safety , proliferation and economic trends of the nuclear industry .
They have appeared on the cover of that company 's free magazine , V !
Etymology The Portuguese Man O ' War -LRB- named caravela-portuguesa in Portuguese -RRB- is named for its air bladder , which looks similar to the triangular sails of the Portuguese ship -LRB- man-of-war -RRB- Caravela latina -LRB- two - or three-masted lateen-rigged ship caravel -RRB- , of the 15th and 16th centuries .
Nonverbal communication is usually understood as the process of communication through sending and receiving wordless messages .
Built in 1964 , the vehicle was powered by a 1955 or 1956 Chevrolet V8 and was backed by a Powerglide automatic transmission .
He is credited with many recording innovations .
A short comparison of these two types of algorithms is given below : Speed of algorithms Symmetric-key algorithms are generally much less computationally intensive than asymmetric key algorithms .
The Celtic League is a non-governmental organization that promotes self-determination and Celtic identity and culture in Ireland , Scotland , Wales , Brittany , Cornwall and the Isle of Man , known as the Celtic nations .
A popular form of textile art in Japan is shibori -LRB- intricate tie dye -RRB- , found on some of the more expensive kimonos and haori kimono jackets .
Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In recreational canoeing , maps measure portages -LRB- overland paths where canoes must be carried -RRB- in rodsVoyaguer Maps BWCA map downloads .
Its capital is Baton Rouge and largest city is New Orleans .
As of January 1 , 2006 , Ingelmunster had a total population of 10,617 .
Some PDAs also have a USB port , mainly for USB flash drives .
BÃ thonsart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
John Constantine Unitas -LRB- juË Ë naÉ tÉ s ; May 7 , 1933 â '' September 11 , 2002 -RRB- , known as Johnny Unitas or '' Johnny U '' , and nicknamed '' The Golden Arm '' , was a professional American football player in the 1950s through the 1970s , spending the majority of his career with the Baltimore Colts .
She won two matches against Sonja Graf for the Women 's World Champion title ; -LRB- +3 -- 1 = 0 -RRB- at Rotterdam 1934 , and -LRB- +9 -- 2 = 5 -RRB- at Semmering 1937 .
Old Persian appears primarily in the inscriptions , clay tablets , seals of the Achaemenid era -LRB- c. 600 BCE to 300 BCE -RRB- .
The Holocaust -LRB- from the Greek : hólos , '' whole '' and kaustós , '' burnt '' -RRB- , The word is only marginally found in Greek Classical literature referring in general to an offering .
Network Ten , or Channel Ten , is one of Australia 's three major commercial television networks .
The supposed drug reference in the line '' I 'd love to turn you on '' resulted in the song initially being banned from broadcast by the BBC .
Its name in Ossetic transliterates -LRB- in the ISO 9-system -RRB- as Respublikæ Cægat Iryston - Alani .
Sean Allen Morley -LRB- born March 6 , 1971 -RRB- best known by his ring name Val Venis , is a Canadian professional wrestler .
On 26 July 2004 Banco Santander Central Hispano announced the acquisition of Abbey National plc. .
William de Wiveleslie Abney FRS -LRB- 24 July 1843 -- 3 December 1920 -RRB- was an English astronomer , chemist , and photographer .
The name is derived from the Latin sol -LRB- sun -RRB- and sistere -LRB- to stand still -RRB- , because at the solstices , the Sun stands still in declination ; that is , the apparent movement of the Sun 's path north or south comes to a stop before reversing direction .
Walter Kogler
The Dutch Wikipedia -LRB- -RRB- is the Dutch language edition of Wikipedia .
Vietnam War : The Fall of Saigon : The Vietnam War ends as Communist forces take Saigon , resulting in mass evacuations of Americans and South Vietnamese .
The Hush Sound SweetTangerine.net -LRB- accessed April 10 , 2007 -RRB- The band consists of Bob Morris on vocals and guitar , Mike Leblanc on bass and vocals , Darren Wilson on drums and vocals , and Greta Salpeter on vocals and piano .
Albatross chicks fledge on their own and receive no further help from their parents , who return to the nest after fledging , unaware their chick has left .
a family of
Only one track , '' One After 909 '' , was taken from the rooftop concert , with '' I 've Got a Feeling '' and '' Dig a Pony '' being studio recordings instead .
Ferdinand II died in 1516 in Madrigalejo , Extremadura .
It was released on January 29 , 1996 for the PC .
His season also included two pole positions , three fastest laps and two lap records , helping him to sixth in the championship .
The cost of a Travelcard is determined by the area it covers and , for this purpose , London is divided into a number of fare zones .
The vegetation of the small and narrow islands , encompassed by the sea , is very luxuriant ; including rainforests , sago , rice and the famous spices - nutmeg , cloves and mace , among others .
Aubrometz is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Collectively , disruptive editors harm Wikipedia by degrading its reliability as a reference source and by exhausting the patience of productive editors who may quit the project in frustration when a disruptive editor continues with impunity .
Poanes benito Freeman , 1979 -- Benito 's Skipper
Some party members stayed in the mainland and broke away from the main KMT to found the Revolutionary Committee of the Kuomintang , which still currently exists as one of the eight minor registered parties in the People 's Republic of China .
Arsenic acid is prepared by treating arsenic trioxide with concentrated nitric acid , or by combination of arsenic pentoxide with water .
Johnson was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1806 .
In its second phase , Synthetic Cubism , the movement spread and remained vital until around 1919 , when the Surrealist movement gained popularity .
Constitutional monarchy -- A government that has a monarch , but one whose powers are limited by law or by a formal constitution .
In Spain , the Reconquista continued as several important cities were recaptured from the Moors .
The elk , or wapiti -LRB- Cervus canadensis -RRB- , is one of the largest species of deer in the world and one of the largest mammals in North America and eastern Asia .
Also Ed Begley , Jr. , Josh Duhamel , Gilbert Gottfried , Tim Gunn , and Carson Palmer playing themselves .
According to the 1998 census , the population was 595,227 .
DSE crews conducted backburning operations to ensure containment of the fire on 9 February , warning residents of areas between Pakenham and Warragul about smoke from those fires .
CONCACAF -LRB- the Confederation of North , Central American and Caribbean Association Football -RRB- is the continent-wide governing body for football in North America , Central America and the Caribbean .
, Prutky 's Travels in Ethiopia and other Countries with notes by Richard Pankhurst -LRB- London : Hakluyt Society , 1991 -RRB- In the South Asian subcontinent , food is traditionally always eaten without utensils .
They had four children : Sarah , Michael , Ruth and Maxim .
He is called , by Muslims , the created Holy Spirit -LRB- Islam -RRB- that spoke to Muhammad , Nader , M/O. The Holy Spirit in the Quran .
Jacqueline Mary du Pré OBE -LRB- 26 January 1945 19 October 1987 -RRB- was a British cellist , acknowledged as one of the greatest interpreters of the instrument .
Sirius left Portsmouth on 13 May 1787 , and arrived at Port Jackson on 26 January 1788 .
The Balearic Islands comprise Majorca and Minorca which are the Balearic Islands proper , and other smaller islands , which together constitute an autonomous community of Spain .
She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2007 and with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau in 2005 .
April 4 & ndash ; Felipe III -LRB- Philip III -RRB- , King of Spain , signs an edict to expel of all moriscos from Spain -LRB- see September 11 -RRB- .
Besançon -LRB- French and Arpitan : ; archaic German : Bisanz , -RRB- , is the capital and principal city of the region of Franche-Comt é in eastern France .
Tizac-de-Curton is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
He was hanged , drawn and quartered â '' strangled by hanging but released while he was still alive , eviscerated and his bowels burnt before him , beheaded , castrated , then cut into four parts .
Michael Fuchs-Gambock , Gerhard Augustin : Booklet to CD re-issue of '' Hosianna Mantra '' , SPV recordings , 2004 The band took its name from the Popol Vuh , a manuscript containing the mythology of the Post-Classic Quiché Maya people of highland Guatemala .
An UN force -LRB- InterFET -RRB- consisting mainly of Australian Defence Force personnel was deployed to East Timor to establish and maintain peace .
The rain season for the northern coast is from November to January .
Broomhill ward -- which includes the districts of Broomhill , Crookesmoor , Endcliffe , and Tapton -- is one of the 28 electoral wards in City of Sheffield , England .
In both developing and developed countries , artificial feeding is associated with more deaths from diarrhea in infants .
1642 & ndash ; Charles I calls the English Parliament traitors .
The films in which they co-starred included Captain Blood -LRB-/O1935/O-RRB- , The Charge of the Light Brigade -LRB-/O1936/O-RRB- , The Adventures of Robin Hood and Four 's a Crowd -LRB-/O1938/O-RRB- , Dodge City and The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex -LRB-/O1939/O-RRB- , Santa Fe Trail -LRB-/O1940/O-RRB- and They Died with Their Boots On -LRB-/O1941/O-RRB- .
Konzum joined the Agrokor group in 1994 .
About 98 % of Antarctica is covered by ice that averages at least 1.6 kilometres -LRB- 1.0 mi -RRB- in thickness .
Bacterial organisms are sometimes included in a flora , and sometimes the terms bacterial flora and plant flora are used separately .
He is currently Principal Conductor and Artistic Advisor of the Philharmonia Orchestra in London and Conductor Laureate of the Los Angeles Philharmonic .
Murtaugh is named after Mark Murtaugh , who oversaw a local irrigation project .
Alternating
OMIM =
Leventina is one of the eight districts of the largely Italian-speaking canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In addition , there are about 50 smaller macropods closely related to the kangaroo in the family Macropodidae .
He moved to Los Angeles , California in 1988 to pursue a career in interior design and set construction .
Word order Word order in simple Turkish sentences is generally Subject Object Verb , as in Korean and Latin , but unlike English .
In Lothian there is Edinburgh City , West Lothian , Mid Lothian and East Lothian .
Though he asked Voldemort to spare Lily , Snape , still fearing for her safety , went to Dumbledore and begged him to protect the Potters .
It was founded in 1440 by King Henry VI as '' The King 's College of Our Lady of Eton besides Wyndsor '' .
The Sea of Japan is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean , between the Asian mainland , the Japanese archipelago , and Sakhalin .
Montracol is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Papuan languages are those languages of the western Pacific which are neither Austronesian nor Australian .
The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls , invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868 , but the material was volatile and highly flammable , sometimes exploding during manufacture .
Most programming nowadays is done using high-level programming languagesTIOBE Software Popularity Indexhttp : \/O/ \/O/ langpop.com \/O/ , which are typically easier to read and write .
The team 's majority owner is Hollywood producer Joe Roth and its minority owners are Adrian Hanauer , Paul Allen , and Drew Carey .
Bennington became known as a vocalist with Linkin Park 's debut album , Hybrid Theory , in 2000 , which was a massive commercial success .
Olbia -LRB- or , locally , ; Sardinian name : Terranoa , Gallurese : Tarranoa -RRB- , is a town of approximately 54,000 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- inhabitants in northeastern Sardinia -LRB- Italy -RRB- , in the Gallura sub-region .
Today this is generally interpreted to mean C D F G A c d , but this should be considered sol la do re mi sol la , since historically the qin was not tuned to absolute pitch .
ISBN 3-85052-197-4
He was assassinated by a member of the Muslim Brotherhood while in office .
Simultaneously , Archer starred in a production of his courtroom play The Accused , staged at London 's Theatre Royal Haymarket . The play concerned the court trial of an alleged murderer and assigned the role of jury to the audience , which would vote on the guilt of Archer 's character at the end of each performance .
Dury is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
One of the world 's larger and best-known Hasidic movements , it is based in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , New York .
The airport is operated by the Airport Authority Hong Kong and is the primary hub for Cathay Pacific , Dragonair , Hong Kong Express Airways , Hong Kong Airlines and Air Hong Kong -LRB- cargo -RRB- .
The Imagen Foundation is dedicated to '' encouraging and recognizing the positive portrayals of Latinos in the entertainment industry '' Imagen Foundation slogan .
They were the last Winter Olympics to be held the same year as the Summer Olympics , and the first where the Winter Paralympics were held at the same site .
In digital circuits , a flip-flop is a term referring to an electronic circuit -LRB- a bistable multivibrator -RRB- that has two stable states and thereby is capable of serving as one bit of memory .
In the presidential election of 1860 , the Republican Party , led by Abraham Lincoln , had campaigned against the expansion of slavery beyond the states in which it already existed .
The winged male ants , called drones , emerge from pupae along with the breeding females -LRB- although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens -RRB- , and do nothing in life except eat and mate .
Tatsuya Enomoto -LRB- born 16 March 1979 in Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who plays for Japanese club Vissel Kobe .
The eye continued to contract to a diameter of about , the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane , and at 1200 UTC on October 19 , Wilma attained peak winds of .
In that year , Egypt made peace with Israel , the government of Iran was overthrown in the Iranian Revolution , and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan began .
'' Machine and I '' -LRB- The Queen and I Remix -RRB- -LRB- featuring Keith Buckley of Every Time I Die -RRB- & ndash ; 4:22
On October 22 , 2006 , at 3:13 p.m. PST , a magnitude 3.5 earthquake broke loose Spine 7 .
King Rudolph III of Burgundy gave the lands to the Bishop of Sion in 999 , making him Count of the Valais .
In a large open-air theater , like the Theatre of Dionysus in Athens , the classical masks were able to bring the characters ' face closer to the audience , especially since they had intensely exaggerated facial features and expressions .
Maigné is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
General description The earliest version of the CRT was invented by the German physicist Ferdinand Braun in 1897 and is also known as the ` Braun tube ' .
Thus , each generation of cells should be twice as numerous as the previous generation .
It is produced by fermentation of glucose , sucrose , or lactose by the Xanthomonas campestris bacterium .
The early symptoms are insidious but rapidly progressive , and swelling of the throat may lead to cyanosis and asphyxiation .
The is the smallest of the six original and distinct breeds of dog from Japan .
Concept and creation According to Rowling , the idea for both the Harry Potter books and its eponymous protagonist came while waiting for a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990 .
Knowles has sold more than 50 million records worldwide with the group and over 75 million records in her total career .
The single car team was unsuccessful in its first year , scoring no points .
The World Economic Forum -LRB- WEF -RRB- is a Geneva-based non-profit foundation best known for its annual meeting in Davos , Switzerland , which brings together top business leaders , international political leaders , selected intellectuals and journalists to discuss the most pressing issues facing the world , including health and the environment .
History São Tomé was founded by Portugal in 1485 .
After Big Show dropped to his knees , Mayweather attacked him with a combination of punches , which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth .
With their supplies destroyed by Stoneman 's troops at the towns of Wytheville and Abingdon , there was little hope of being resupplied or reinforced in the near future .
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodent that contains the pocket gophers -LRB- Geomyidae -RRB- , the kangaroo rats and mice -LRB- Heteromyidae -RRB- , and their fossil relatives .
The hydraulis was the world 's first keyboard instrument , and was , in fact the predecessor of the modern church organ .
He was first the organist at the cathedral in Huesca from 1585 to 1603 , and then moved to a more prestigious position as maestro de música at La Seo Cathedral in Saragossa .
January 24 A sudden heavy snowfall hits Algeria .
The park , which receives approximately thirty-five million visitors annually , is the most visited urban park in the United States .
The Atlantic Ocean 's Sargasso Sea was named after the algae , as it hosts a large amount of Sargassum .
A Julian date of 2454115.05486 means that the date and Universal Time is Sunday January 14 , 2007 at 13:18:59.9 .
From 800 AD to 1400 AD , this ancient civilization farmed the area and built irrigation canals , constructing more than 125 miles of canals , much of which remains extant today .
The nose was designed to carry two .50 in -LRB- 12.7 mm -RRB- M2 Browning machine guns , with 200 rpg , two .30 in -LRB- 7.62 mm -RRB- Brownings , with 500 rpg , and an Oldsmobile 37 mm -LRB- 1.46 in -RRB- cannon with 15 rounds .
Re-runs still air on CTV and The Comedy Network in Canada , WGN America in the United States .
In multicellular organisms , numerous signal transduction processes are required for coordinating the behavior of individual cells to support the function of the organism as a whole .
Davis attended Watford Boys ' Grammar School , where he studied classics in his sixth form years and the Junior Royal Academy of Music .
Whale -LRB- origin Old English h æl -RRB- is the common name for various marine mammals of the order Cetacea .
His music shows the influence of Brahms and Schumann , and to a lesser extent of Irish folk music ; he was generally unsympathetic to more modern developments .
The novel won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel , and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1998 .
The club 's home is one of 29 UEFA Category three stadia , the all-seated Hampden Park in south east Glasgow , which is also the home of the Scottish national team .
The story is of great antiquity â '' it was current in the time of Homer -LRB- eighth century BC -RRB- â '' and consequently it survives in various forms , among which details vary .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
A cultural definition of Europe as the lands of Latin Christendom coalesced in the eighth century , signifying the new cultural condominium created through the confluence of Germanic traditions and Christian-Latin culture , defined partly in contrast with Byzantium and Islam , and limited to northern Iberia , the British Isles , France , Christianized western Germany , the Alpine regions and northern and central Italy .
Gambon is a qualified private pilot and his love of cars led to his appearance on the BBC 's Top Gear program .
Henrietta had strong Catholic beliefs , which would heavily influence her time as queen , and particularly the initial years following her marriage . Charles liked to call Henrietta Maria simply '' Maria '' , with the English people calling her '' Queen Mary '' , alluding to Charles ' Catholic grandmother .
The film contains monologues of these women and dramatically highlights three verses of the Quran , -LRB- and -RRB- that authorize mistreatment of women , by showing them painted on women 's bodies .
Power Windows Website Rush : By Brian Harrigan , Accessed 17 April 2007
The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album has been awarded since 1991 .
This case is also known as the Wilhelmstrasse Trial , so-named because the German Foreign Office was located at the Wilhelmstrasse in Berlin .
The dipole moment of the bar magnet points from its magnetic south to its magnetic north pole .
Adams was found guilty in a subsequent trial of 13 offences of prescription fraud , lying on cremation forms , obstructing a police search and failing to keep a dangerous drugs register .
Villandraut is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Islamic theology -LRB- -RRB- is a branch of Islamic studies regarding the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith .
In 1991 , The Offspring teamed up with Wilson again to produce the Baghdad 7 '' EP .
The Cantonal police can issue a permit which allows residents to drive and park at the northern outskirts .
Prominent contributors to theory include Lawrence Kohlberg and Elliot Turiel .
The first 500 primes are listed below , followed by lists of the first prime numbers of various types in alphabetical order .
M. leprae is an aerobic rod-shaped -LRB- bacillus -RRB- surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to mycobacteria .
Redon and Werner -LRB-/O1969/O-RRB- , p. ix .
1989 & ndash ; A solar flare from the Sun creates a geomagnetic storm that affects micro chips , leading to a halt of all trading on Toronto 's stock market .
For example , long-term contributors using their real names may wish to use a pseudonymous account for contributions they do not want their real name to be associated with , or long-term users might create a new account to experience how the community functions for new users .
Poland A second-level administrative division in Poland is called a powiat .
On 11 July 1902 , in failing health and broken hearted over the death of his wife , Salisbury resigned .
In modern times the sun appears in the constellation Sagittarius during this time .
The Red Deer is the fourth largest deer species behind moose , elk -LRB- wapiti -RRB- , and sambar deer .
The M-Train uses sliding doors , unlike K-Stocks and A-Stocks which use plug-doors .
When Emo does n't accept his story , Proog becomes desperate and hits him .
1705 & ndash ; Leopold Josef Graf Daun , Austrian field marshal -LRB- d. 1766 -RRB-
1865 & ndash ; Rudyard Kipling , English writer , Nobel laureate -LRB- d. 1936 -RRB-
Months pass and Tod and Copper reach adulthood ; Copper has become an experienced hunting dog , while Tod has grown into a handsome fox . On the night of Copper 's return , Tod -LRB- Mickey Rooney -RRB- sneaks over to meet him .
The bonus DVD includes interviews with the band members and producer regarding the Valley of the Damned period and the remix , professionally filmed footage from their first Japanese tour , two commentaries ; one from Herman Li and Vadim Pruzhanov and one from ZP Theart and Karl Groom , backstage footage from a live performance in Japan and from the recording , in Denmark , and remixing session for the album .
South Dildo is a neighbouring unincorporated community .
Nome is a city in the Nome Census Area in the Unorganized Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska , located on the southern Seward Peninsula coast on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea .
Henbane -LRB- Hyoscyamus niger -RRB- , also known as stinking nightshade or black henbane , is a plant of the family Solanaceae that originated in Eurasia , though it is now globally distributed .
Here DvoÅ Ã k met with Harry Burleigh , his pupil at the time and one of the earliest African-American composers .
Photography is the process , activity and art of creating still or moving pictures by recording radiation on a radiation-sensitive medium , such as a photographic film , or an electronic sensor .
Resident Evil : The Umbrella Chronicles , known as Biohazard : The Umbrella Chronicles in Japan , is a rail shooting video game co-developed by Capcom and Cavia .
1924 & ndash ; Billy Barty , American actor -LRB- d. 2000 -RRB-
Olive oil is also used in soap making and as lamp oil .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
The family name is derived from the genus Vitis .
It features Samantha Morton as the voice of Ruby , Billy Rosemberg as the voice of Max and Julie Lemieux as Louise .
The surface low occluded and moved northward through the Mississippi Valley , spreading light to moderate rains along its path .
Assé-le-Bérenger is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The Honda engine is designed and produced by Ilmor , which is part owned by Roger Penske .
Bed ich Smetana -LRB- ; 1824 , Litomy l , Bohemia 1884 , Prague , Bohemia -RRB- was a Czech composer who pioneered the development of a musical style which became closely identified with his country 's aspirations to independent statehood .
The capital and largest city is Natal .
Many years later , when Max is in middle school , he finds out that Freak and his mother , Guinevere -LRB- referred to as '' The Fair Gwen '' after King Arthur 's wife -RRB- are moving into the house next door .
As a lieutenant in the he accompanied Byron during his voyage of circumnavigation , from June 1764 to May 1766 .
He wrote six symphonies , 15 operas , 14 ballet scores and a large body of orchestral , chamber , vocal and instrumental works .
A Furby -LRB- plural Furbys or Furbies , according to Tiger .
A killer app can substantially increase sales of the platform on which it runs .
It was originally defined to include those organisms -LRB- originally , only invertebrates -RRB- that had certain features : Michener , C. D. , Annu .
Kelp forests are underwater areas with a high density of kelp .
Galileo 's Encounter with 951 Gaspra : Overview , Icarus , Vol .
The terms anoxia and hypoxia are used in various contexts :
Oldham Cricket Club are a cricket team , based at The Pollards in the Watersheddings area of Oldham , Greater Manchester , England .
Kansas ' first album with Elefante , Vinyl Confessions , released in May 1982 , was their most successful studio release since Point of Know Return .
The Singapore River is a small river in Singapore with great historical importance .
The French rank of field marshal should not be confused with the rank of Marshal of France , which was the highest rank of the Ancien RÃ gime and is in effect the highest French rank today -LRB- although in theory it is not an actual rank but a '' state dignity '' -RRB- .
Magna Carta is often a symbol for the first time the citizens of England were granted rights against an absolute king . However , in practice the Commons could not enforce Magna Carta in the few situations where it applied to them , so its reach was limited .
About 467 people live there and it has 7.58 kmÂ .
The match begins with a four-minute chess round . This is followed by three minutes of boxing , with rounds of chess and boxing alternating until the end .
Thomas Wentworth '' Tom '' Wills -LRB- 19 August 1835 -- 3 May 1880 -RRB- was an Australian all-round sportsman , umpire , coach and administrator who is credited as one of the inventors of Australian rules football .
The town 's largest employer , the abalone co-operative , was formed in 1967 .
However , in the case of Rhea , the electron plasma started to drop off slightly at eight times that distance , and decreased gradually until the expected sharp drop off as Cassini entered Rhea 's plasma shadow .
The chemical formula is SnS .
Scriabin considered D major to be golden in color and , in a discussion with Rimsky-Korsakov , he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov 's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold .
Authors for the IPCC reports are chosen from a list of researchers prepared by governments , and participating organisations and the Working Group/Task Force Bureaux , and other experts as appropriate , known through their publications and works -LRB- , 4.2.1,2 -RRB- .
It is 9.25 inches in circumference -LRB- 2 3/8 inches to 3 inches in diameter -RRB- .
Franz Seldte -LRB- 29 June 1882 1 April 1947 -RRB- was a cofounder of the German paramilitary organization Stahlhelm , Bund der Frontsoldaten , a Nazi politician , and a Reich labour minister .
Khojak Pass is between Quettaand Chaman .
This was traditionally interpreted as the reason for the building of hill forts , although the siting of some hill forts on the sides of hills undermined their defensive value , hence '' hill forts '' may represent increasing communal areas or even ` Elite Areas ' .
Sir Martin John Evans -LRB- b. 1 January 1941 , Stroud , Gloucestershire -RRB- is a British scientist who , with Matthew Kaufman , was the first to culture mice embryonic stem cells and cultivate them in a laboratory in 1981 .
During this era , now-extinct wild animals such as mammoths , European lions and Irish elk roamed the European continent .
'' Fallen Leaves '' is the third single released from the Canadian rock group Billy Talent 's second album , Billy Talent II .
kerfeldt producing , in November 2007 .
He currently plays for the J. League team Tokushima Vortis on loan from Cerezo Osaka after falling out with his manager .
'' So Here We Are\/Positive Tension '' is a double A-side single by Bloc Party from their debut album Silent Alarm .
is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Albirex Niigata FC -LRB- Singapore -RRB- .
Triple H defeated The Rock in a Strap match -LRB- 19:21 -RRB- Triple H pinned Rock after a Pedigree to earn a WWF Championship match at SummerSlam .
The second is the MESSENGER spacecraft , which mapped another 30 % during its flyby of January 14 , 2008 .
The county was on occasion referred to as Duns-shire or Dunsshire during the Victorian period and after , reflecting the fact that Duns had become the county town .
The United Soccer Leagues constitute the lower divisions ; the USL First Division is a 2nd division league and the USL Second Division is a 3rd division league .
Saladin abolishes the Fatimid caliphate , restoring Sunni rule in Egypt .
Sainte-Foy , VendÃ e is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Mario Basler -LRB- born 18 December 1968 in Neustadt an der Weinstraße , Germany -RRB- is a German former football -LRB- soccer -RRB- winger , and current manager and sport director of the German team SV Eintracht Trier 05 .
Meristematic cells are analogous in function to stem cells in animals , are incompletely or not at all differentiated , and are capable of continued cellular division -LRB- youthful -RRB- .
The progress of the fire had been stopped by the afternoon of 9 February , though it had burned through 245 km ² .
The cubic metre -LRB- US spelling : cubic meter , symbol : m3 -RRB- is the SI derived unit of volume .
The word derives from the Greek language '' '' , which literally means '' the inhabited world '' , YourDictionary - ecumenical definition 1996-2010 LoveToKnow , Corp. .
Prominent amongst the participants were Sardar Gohar Rehman , Chaudhry Ghulam Abbass , Khwaja Ghulam Ahmad Ashai , Mistri Yaqoob Ali , Sardar Fateh Muhammed Khan Kharelvi , Sheikh Ghulam Qadir and Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah .
In European decorative art , the sphinx enjoyed a major revival during the Renaissance .
The swans are the largest members of the duck family Anatidae , and are among the largest flying birds .
Many Major League alumni have called Northern League teams home in an effort get back to the Majors .
While all animals can generally be considered to contain the four tissue types , the manifestation of these tissues can differ depending on the type of organism .
Enlightenment has been under development for over a decade ; its latest stable release is version E16 1.0.4 .
La Hulpe -LRB- -RRB- is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Henry Addington , 1st Viscount Sidmouth , PC -LRB- 30 May 1757 -- 15 February 1844 -RRB- was a British statesman , and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1804 .
Finland rejected territorial demands and was invaded by the Soviet Union in November 1939 .
Canterbury Cathedral in Canterbury , Kent , is one of the oldest and most famous Christian structures in England and forms part of a World Heritage Site .
From the 6th century Bergamo was the seat of one of the most important Lombard duchies of northern Italy , together with Brescia , Trento and Cividale del Friuli : its first Lombard duke was Wallaris .
Charmed is an American television series that originally aired from October 7 , 1998 , until May 21 , 2006 , on The WB Television Network .
British Rail Class 395 is a dual-voltage electric multiple unit -LRB- EMU -RRB- used by train operating company Southeastern for its services along High Speed 1 and onwards to the Kent coast . The trains were built in Japan by Hitachi and shipped to the United Kingdom to operate new high speed domestic services .
Ã dson Boaro , best known as Ã dson and as Ã dson AbobrÃ # o -LRB- born July 3 , 1959 at SÃ # o JosÃ do Rio Pardo , SÃ # o Paulo State -RRB- is a former Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- defender .
Broadcast :
Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic .
Work Dr. Costanza 's research has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems , particularly at larger temporal and spatial scales .
The Battery Electric Multiple Unit was an experimental two-car multiple unit , built at the same time and in the same style as the prototype Derby Lightweight Diesel multiple units .
Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Havel left office after his second term as Czech president ended on 2 February 2003 ; VÃ clav Klaus , one of his greatest political opponents , was elected his successor on 28 February 2003 .
Geographers and geologists sometimes call the area , along with the Imperial Valley to the south , the '' Cahuilla Basin '' or the '' Salton Trough '' .
29 Amphitrite -LRB- , or as in -RRB- is one of the largest S-type asteroids , probably third in diameter after Eunomia and Juno , although Iris and Herculina are similar in size .
The abbey was founded in 1089 when Leopold II , Margrave of Austria gave one of his castles to Benedictine monks from Lambach Abbey .
Management Methods of treatment often involve some combination of behavior modification , medication , life-style changes and counseling .
PERM , labor certification -LRB- Program Electronic Review Management -RRB- , a foreign labor certification program implemented by the United States Department of Labor
Cortina d'Ampezzo had been awarded the games in June 1939 , but due to World War II , the 1944 Winter Olympics were cancelled in 1941 .
The ability to be mobile is an other distinctive characteristic of an animal .
Over the years , he has donated billions of dollars to charity , schools and hospitals .
The acquisition of 797 bookstores turned the company into a nationwide retailer , and as of the end of fiscal year 1999 , the second-largest online bookseller in the United States .
Khan Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde overruns Moscow , as punishment for Grand Prince Dmitri Donskoi 's resistance to Khan Mamai of the Blue Horde in the 1370s .
The suite originally bundled Keynote , a presentation program which had previously been sold as a standalone application , and Pages , a combined word processing and page layout application .
When the city grew further , a bigger market place became necessary .
Clove was then one of the most valuable spices , a kg costing around 7 g of gold .
Riverton , Mississippi , United States
SliTaz GNU/Linux A small desktop distribution .
Gignac-la-Nerthe is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France .
Roucamps is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Snoopy is a fictional character in the long-running comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz . He is Charlie Brown 's pet beagle .
The taxi station in Basseterre is located at the Circus -LRB- 466 6999 -RRB- .
Retrieved : February 23 , 2008 .
1824 & ndash ; Mexico adopts a new constitution and becomes a federal republic .
eta _ -LCB- th -RCB- = 1 - frac -LCB- r ^ -LCB- 1 - gamma -RCB- -LRB- r_c ^ gamma - 1 -RRB- -RCB- -LCB- gamma -LRB- r_c - 1 -RRB- -RCB- ,
In medical contexts , newborn or neonate -LRB- from Latin , neonatus , newborn -RRB- refers to an infant in the first 28 days of life -LRB- less than a month old -RRB- .
It covers 9.07 km ² and is located in the proximity of the capital city of Srinagar .
Hans Kleppen -LRB- 16 March 1907 -- 12 April 2009 -RRB- was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed in the late 1920s .
Nacozari began with the discovery of mines in 1660 .
Deletion of a Wikipedia article removes the current version and from public view .
On the other hand , many large hills , including some Munros , and other well-known hills such as Bowfell , the Langdale Pikes and Carnedd Dafydd , are not Marilyns because they do not have sufficient relative height .
Let me root , root , root for the home team , If they do n't win , it 's a shame .
; style : add CSS to the main div . ; headerstyle : add CSS to the header .
On 15 April 1989 , the ground was the scene of one of the worst sporting tragedies of all time when 94 Liverpool fans -LRB- the final death toll was 96 -RRB- were crushed to death in an FA Cup semi-final in the infamous Hillsborough disaster .
Finally , the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act was passed by the British Parliament in 1900 .
The National Collegiate Athletic Association -LRB- NCAA -RRB- is a semi - voluntary association of 1,281 institutions , conferences , organizations and individuals that organizes the athletic programs of many colleges and universities in the United States and Canada .
This is a list of some of the forests in the United Kingdom .
However Delhi still held out against the British and encouraged by this Dhund tribesmen tried to seize Murree by simultaneously rising on every side and crowding up the nearer hill-sides threatening destruction of the station .
There he spent the first sixteen years of his life , and received all his schooling , most of it from his father , Robert P. Nevin , editor and proprietor of a Pittsburgh newspaper , and a contributor to many magazines .
At the time , Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in the month of October , though it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season .
He was known to his contemporaries as Fra Giovanni da Fiesole -LRB- Brother John from Fiesole -RRB- and by Vasari as Fra Giovanni Angelico -LRB- Brother Giovanni the Angelic One -RRB- .
It works best on texts that are for children up to fourth grade .
Ricardo Cabanas-Rey -LRB- born 17 January 1979 in Zürich -RRB- is a Swiss football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player who plays as a midfielder for Grasshoppers .
Throughout most of the history of personal computers , data transfer through serial ports connected the computer to devices such as terminals and various peripherals .
The group Ayers headed in Detroit , Michigan became one of the earliest gatherings of what became the Weatherman .
Van Schie currently lives in the Dutch province Overijssel .
In 1913 his father rejoined his regiment at Aldershot , where the family moved into Stonehurst , a large , furnished bungalow on top of a hill .
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .
On 1 October 1500 , Columbus and his two brothers , likewise in chains , were sent back to Spain .
No Country for Old Men , released in November 2007 , follows closely the 2005 novel by Cormac McCarthy .
The density of solvents that are heavier than water are bolded .
History On February 23 , 1998 , Netscape created the Mozilla Organization to co-ordinate the development of the Mozilla Application Suite .
With the 2008 revisions of the notebook , wired Ethernet connectivity required a separately available USB-to-Ethernet adapter .
Varieties of LPG bought and sold include mixes that are primarily propane , mixes that are primarily butane , and the more common , mixes including both propane -LRB- 60 % -RRB- and butane -LRB- 40 % -RRB- , depending on the season -- in winter more propane , in summer more butane .
Alt Press
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
In passive solar building design , windows , walls , and floors are made to collect , store , and distribute solar energy in the form of heat in the winter -LRB- Passive Solar Heating -RRB- and reject solar heat in the summer -LRB- Passive Solar Cooling -RRB- .
All of the outer walls still stand today , although the Temple itself has long since been destroyed , and for many years it was believed that the western wall of the complex was the only wall standing .
Around mid-October 2007 , video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos depicting others ' reactions to watching the video for the first time .
Venice repels a Hungarian invasion .
The union council takes its name from the main village of the area - i.e. Nambal .
He was elected on May 17 , 2005 , defeating incumbent mayor James Hahn , and then re-elected for a second term in 2009 .
Violet Blue , an author , described this website as becoming '' the new ` tubgirl ' and goatse all in one disgusting moment of choco-poo-love '' in a San Francisco Chronicle article .
In accordance with the Convention on International Civil Aviation all aircraft must be registered with a national aviation authority and they must carry proof of this registration in the form of a legal document called a Certificate of Registration at all times when in operation .
He is the principal owner of the Boston Red Sox and co-owner of Roush Fenway Racing .
In addition over 420 square kilometers -LRB- 103 thousand acres -RRB- of various crops , including sugar cane , corn and bananas , were flooded .
Retie is a municipality located in the Campine region of the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The precursor to Hurricane Elena was a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on August 23 .
The interwar period -LRB- 1918 -- 1939 -RRB- is understood , within recent Western culture , to be the period between the end of the First World War and the beginning of the Second World War .
In a recent edit -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- , you changed one or more words from one international variety of English to another .
Normally , this happens twice a dayâ '' once in the morning and once in the evening , the times during when the most people commute .
Wills 's letter stated , '' It is the desire that , after the Oration , you , as Chief Executive of the nation , formally set apart these grounds to their sacred use by a few appropriate remarks . ''
For Stowe , blood relations rather than paternalistic relations between masters and slaves formed the basis of families .
BBC Four is a television network of the BBC available to digital television -LRB- Freeview , IPTV , satellite and cable -RRB- viewers in the United Kingdom .
According to the Council , this claim is disputed and that the hot dog was created in the late 17th century by Johann Georghehner , a butcher , living in Coburg .
He studied English Literature at Loyola College in Baltimore , graduating in 1969 .
LinuxLive USB Creator is a free software for Windows that allows users to create bootable Live USB systems for many Linux distributions .
According to this definition and our present understanding , the universe consists of three elements : space and time , collectively known as space-time or the vacuum ; matter and various forms of energy and momentum occupying space-time ; and the physical laws that govern the first two .
; style \* : Specifies CSS styles to apply to the template body .
The Mayor of Wichita Falls is Glenn Barham . The Wichita Falls City Council has six members : Linda Ammons , Michael Smith , Dorothy Roberts-Burns , Rick Hatcher , Tim Ingle , and Mary Ward .
Koji Sakamoto -LRB- born December 3 , 1978 in Yasu , Shiga , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Shonan Bellmare .
He has since retired from active politics , leaving the House of Commons at the 2001 general election , but continues to be a sought-after speaker .
All three of BBC Three 's dramas produced in 2004 -LRB- Outlaws , Bodies and Conviction -RRB- received BAFTA nominations , as did classical music show Flashmob The Opera In 2008 , BBC Three 's Gavin and Stacey won the BAFTA audience award and the best comedy performance award was awarded to James Corden for his part .
Mario Bernardi C.C. is the Conductor Laureate , Boris Brott , O.C. , is the Principal Youth and Family Conductor , and Jack Everly is the Principal Pops Conductor .
Charles-Valentin Alkan -LRB- 30 November 1813 29 March 1888 -RRB- was a French composer and one of the greatest virtuoso pianists of his day .
Algae -LRB- or ; singular alga , Latin for '' seaweed '' -RRB- are a large and diverse group of simple , typically autotrophic organisms , ranging from unicellular to multicellular forms , such as the giant kelps that grow to 65 meters in length .
They originate from the Punjab region , which has been host to some of the oldest civilizations in the world including one of the world 's first and oldest civilizations , the Indus Valley Civilization .
In the end , Ruth-Marie and Melinda sided with Cirie as the secretly grieving Tina was voted out 3-1 .
Within Cisleithania and Hungary certain regions , such as Galicia and Croatia enjoyed special status with their own unique governmental structures .
Ferfay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Marcus Furius Camillus , Sextus Nonius Quinctilianus , and Lucius Apronius become Roman Consuls .
The cathedral was constructed throughout the 13th to 15th centuries , with the principal work done in the 14th century .
Since their introduction , total stations have made the technological shift from being optical-mechanical devices to being fully electronic with an onship computer and software as well as humans .
His elder brother Sun Ce carved out a warlord state in the region , based on his own followers and a number of local clan allegiances .
Kelsey Grammer as Dr. Henry '' Hank '' McCoy \/O/ Beast : A former student of Xavier 's School who became the Secretary of Mutant Affairs in the U.S. Government .
In nature , Bangladeshi Hinduism closely resembles the forms and customs of Hinduism practiced in the neighbouring Indian state of West Bengal , with which Bangladesh -LRB- at one time known as East Bengal -RRB- was united until the partition of India in 1947 .
Cabbage is often added to soups or stews . Cabbage soup is popular in Central and eastern Europe , and cabbage is an ingredient in some kinds of borscht .
Spider and Son Role in the Red Hot Chili Peppers Kiedis supplies most of the Chili Peppers ' lyrics .
Since 2004 The first president of the UMP , Alain Juppé , a close associate of Jacques Chirac , resigned on 15 July 2004 after being convicted of political corruption in January of the same year .
The book was published in Germany by Ravensburger on 26 July 2007 and US publishing company Scholastic released the English version , entitled Knut : How one little polar bear captivated the world , in the United States in November of the same year .
Euphorbiaceae , the Spurge family is a large family of flowering plants with 300 genera and around 7,500 species .
Her hair style was emulated by millions of young women in the 1970s and early 1980s .
Historically , it has been known to attain heights over and is one of the tallest tree species in the world .
The 11 MW plant , known as the PS10 solar power tower , produces electricity with 624 large heliostats .
The 1998 Formula One season was the 49th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
He later studied voice for two terms at the Royal College of Music .
Montluel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Izumo Shrine , which is in the city of Izumo , honors the god .
The octant was invented -LRB- around 1730 -RRB- independently by John Hadley in Great Britain and Thomas Godfrey in the American colonies .
The Movie .
Homing pigeons are referred to as carrier pigeons when they are used to carry messages .
The goal was to get the audience to care for both Batman and Bruce Wayne .
The Frankish king Clovis I established Paris as his capital in 508 .
L'Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Campandré-Valcongrain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Southampton Corporation Tramways were in operation from 1879 to 1949 .
Caribert -LRB- also spelled Charibert and Heribert -RRB- , Count of Laon , son of Martin of Laon , was the maternal grandfather of Charlemagne .
In the 1040s , the Berber Zirids -LRB- governors of North Africa under the Fatimids -RRB- declared their independence from the Fatimids and their recognition of the Sunni Abbasid caliphs of Baghdad , which led the Fatimids to launch devastating BanÅ '' Hilal invasions .
Since his international debut back in June 2005 , he has been capped 35 times and has currently scored 3 goals for the Danish national team .
Girls Aloud had called their record label on a Friday afternoon to say they 'd rather record '' I Think We 're Alone Now '' -- the group recorded the song the following morning and the album was mastered on Monday , three days afterwards .
Michael David '' Mike '' Adamle -LRB- born October 3 , 1949 -RRB- is a sports personality and former National Football League player .
At that time one white maggot comes out of the larvae , suspended by a silken thread .
These foods included but were not limited to : lemons , limes , and oranges ; sauerkraut , cabbage , malt , and portable soup .
In the end , Ariq Böke surrenders to Kublai .
In 1842 his father brought home a '' great piece of news '' , and while young John Lubbock initially thought that it might be a new pony and was disappointed that the news was just that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village , he was soon a frequent visitor to Down House , and became the closest of Darwin 's younger friends .
Heel tag team Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase took exception to this and tried to gain his respect . Unsuccessful until the pay-per-view event Unforgiven , the three of them , alongside new recruit Manu , assaulted World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk , costing him his title .
After joining them in 1942 , his younger son , PÃ ter BartÃ k , enlisted in the United States Navy .
The Fulda -LRB- -RRB- is a river in Hesse , Germany .
In 2000 , Raymond co-published one of the first studies on trafficking in the United States entitled Sex Trafficking in the United States : Links Between International and Domestic Sex Industries .
February 6 -- Swedish troops of Charles X Gustav of Sweden cross The Great Belt -LRB- Storebælt -RRB- in Denmark over frozen sea .
Mustang is a growing suburban city in Canadian County , Oklahoma , United States and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area .
His life is for the most part a history of his numerous and varied publications .
, the seventeenth season of the popular television series
-LRB- x + y -RRB- ^ n & = -LCB- n choose 0 -RCB- x ^ n y ^ 0 + -LCB- n choose 1 -RCB- x ^ -LCB- n-1 -RCB- y ^ 1 + -LCB- n choose 2 -RCB- x ^ -LCB- n-2 -RCB- y ^ 2 + -LCB- n choose 3 -RCB- x ^ -LCB- n-3 -RCB- y ^ 3 + cdots
Muse are an award-winning English rock band that formed in Teignmouth , Devon in 1994 .
His father 's stroke and subsequent death in 1746 interrupted his studies . Kant became a private tutor in the smaller towns surrounding KÃ nigsberg , but continued his scholarly research .
The stadium is located within the Moore Park Estate also known as Walham Green .
Accessed August 7 , 2009 Golfers play at the course of the Kyneton Golf Club on Black Hill Road .
Angers Sporting Club de l'Ouest -LRB- Angers SCO -RRB- is a French football club based in Angers , founded in 1919 .
Beetles are the group of insects with the largest number of known species .
He also issued decrees that effectively made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire .
After reading the last book , where Harry and his friends survive and have children , Radcliffe stated he was glad about the ending and lauded Rowling for the conclusion of the story .
Pedro Calderón de la Barca y Barreda González de Henao Ruiz de Blasco y Riaño usually referred as Pedro Calderón de la Barca -LRB- 17 January 1600 & ndash ; 25 May 1681 -RRB- , was a Roman Catholic priest , writer , poet and dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age .
May-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Secondary Balfour-Melville , E. W. M , Edward III and David II , 1954 .
Having taken up guitar , Shearston learned a repertoire of English , American and Australian folk songs and at 19 become a professional singer .
Views on suicide have been influenced by broader cultural views on existential themes such as religion , honor , and the meaning of life .
The noble gases were previously known as inert gases because of their perceived lack of participation in any chemical reactions .
Leda belongs to the Himalia group , five moons orbiting between 11 and 13 Gm from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5 ° .
Current neuroscience education and research activities can be very roughly categorized into the following major branches , based on the subject and scale of the system in examination as well as distinct experimental or curricular approaches .
Rice was the first black woman , second African American -LRB- after her predecessor Colin Powell , who served from 2001 to 2005 -RRB- , and the second woman -LRB- after Madeleine Albright , who served from 1997 to 2001 in the Clinton Administration -RRB- to serve as Secretary of State .
History The hertz is named after the German physicist Heinrich Hertz , who made important scientific contributions to electromagnetism .
A potluck is a gathering of people where each person or group of people contributes a dish of food to be shared among the group .
the Republic of Ireland , also known -LRB- unofficially -RRB- as ` the Republic ' ;
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Phil of the Future was an American Situation comedy that originally aired on Disney Channel from June 18 , 2004 , to August 19 , 2006 for a total of two seasons .
A two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates , where the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle Î .
Therefore , formal language theory is a major application area of computability theory and complexity theory .
Overall Classification -LRB- 1940 , 1947 , 1949 , 1952 , 1953 -RRB-
The Hershey-Chase experiments were a series of experiments conducted in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase , confirming that DNA was the genetic material , which had first been demonstrated in the 1944 Avery-MacLeod-McCarty experiment .
It is the only member of the monotypic genus Bubulcus , although some authorities regard its two subspecies as full species , the Western Cattle Egret and the Eastern Cattle Egret .
At the time , Mishin was also coaching another rising teenage star , Alexei Yagudin , who won the World Championships in 1998 .
Augustine of Hippo in his commentary on the Sermon on the Mount supported the Moses parallel , arguing that this symbolism showed Jesus as supplementing the precepts of Moses , although in Augustine 's later writings , such as the Reply to Faustus , he carefully backs away from this view .
The second named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season , Barry developed from a trough of low pressure in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico on June 1 .
Although well-known in America as a pianist , ethnomusicologist , and teacher , he was not well known as a composer , and there was little interest in his music during his final years .
Patrick Stephan Kluivert was born on 1 July 1976 in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Paul Freier -LRB- born 26 July 1979 in Bytom -RRB- is a German football player who plays as a midfielder for VfL Bochum , usually employed on the right wing .
The Turi Pashtuns and Dari-speaking Kizilbash inhabitants practice the Shia form of Islam .
It is found in Namibia , South Africa , and possibly Angola .
Death Klein died in New York City on July 4 , 2009 of Alzheimer 's disease .
Tian ` anmen Square -LRB- , -RRB- is a large city square in the center of Beijing , China , named after the Tiananmen Gate -LRB- literally , Gate of Heavenly Peace -RRB- located to its north , separating it from the Forbidden City .
This article lists and discusses the usage and derivation of names of large numbers , together with their possible extensions .
Marek Heinz -LRB- born 4 August 1977 in Olomouc , Czechoslovakia -RRB- is a Czech football striker who plays for Hungarian top team FerencvÃ rosi TC .
SportsCenter is a daily sports news television show , and the flagship program of American cable network ESPN since the network launched on September 7 , 1979 .
The original habitats of the raccoon are deciduous and mixed forests of North America , but due to their adaptability they have extended their range to mountainous areas , coastal marshes , and urban areas , where many homeowners consider them to be pests .
These are short , tight shorts , usually made of cotton , nylon , or some other common material .
Honey badgers are notoriously fearless and tough animals , having been known to savagely attack their enemies when escape is impossible .
American Idiot is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
The spleen , in healthy adult humans , is approximately in length .
As a team owner he became a member of the Formula One Constructors Association .
To celebrate the opening of the Hong Kong Disneyland , the Walt Disney Company published the Hong Kong Disneyland - The Grand Opening Celebration Album -LRB- é æ è å # '' å 1\/4 æ å ' é -- å ç å å ç cents -RRB- and invited both Kellyjackie and Kelly Chen to perform the song He invites me to Disneyland , leading to the advent of the duet version of the song .
September 16 & ndash ; Elizabeth de Clare , English noblewoman -LRB- d. 1360 -RRB-
Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia .
Bonnemaison is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Roberto Lopes de Miranda , best known as Roberto -LRB- born in São Gonçalo , Rio de Janeiro State , July 31 , 1944 -RRB- was a former Brazilian footballer in striker role .
Benay is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The BMI can be used to determine if a person is overweight .
It borders Paraguay and Bolivia to the north , Brazil and Uruguay to the northeast , and Chile to the west and south .
Arawa Kimura -LRB- July 8 , 1931 -- February 21 , 2007 -RRB- was a Japanese football player .
At 2009 's Electronic Entertainment Expo , Square Enix revealed Final Fantasy XIV Online , which will be Square Enix 's next MMORPG .
Ashley Cole -LRB- born 20 December 1980 -RRB- is an English professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the England national team .
Kornberg earned his bachelor 's degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1967 and his Ph. D. in chemical physics from Stanford in 1972 .
With Helianthus annuus , what is usually called the flower is actually a head -LRB- formally composite flower -RRB- of numerous florets -LRB- small flowers -RRB- crowded together .
Blog Data Space .
Eurytides is a genus of butterfly in the Papilionidae family , found in North , Central , and South America .
Lawler is a city in Chickasaw County , Iowa , United States .
Estrella Mountain Community College , Avondale
In March 2007 the UN mission accused Sudan 's government of orchestrating and taking part in '' gross violations '' in Darfur and called for urgent international action to protect civilians there .
The idea came from Wikipedia 's '' Reward Board '' , where interested parties would offer cash rewards or gifts to create or improve Wikipedia articles .
Diatoms are a major group of algae , and are one of the most common types of phytoplankton .
In 1620 , the clergyman Edmund Gunter developed a method of surveying land accurately with low technology equipment , using what became known as Gunter 's chain ; this was 66 feet long and from the practice of using his chain , the word transferred to the actual measured unit . His chain had 100 links , and the link is used as a subdivision of the chain as a unit of length .
The Greek physician Hippocrates is sometimes said to be the father of epidemiology . He is the first person known to have examined the relationships between the occurrence of disease and environmental influences .
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .
A sequel to this game , PQ2 : Practical Intelligence Quotient 2 , has been released .
'' I am speechless , '' Ertl told Associated Press from his office in Berlin .
Alison Louise Balsom -LRB- born 7 October 1978 , Hertfordshire -RRB- is an English trumpet soloist .
The Guaraní alphabet -LRB- achegety -RRB- is a phonetic system used to write the Guaraní language , spoken mostly in Paraguay and nearby countries .
There is no known preventive measure against type 1 diabetes , which causes approximately 10 % of diabetes mellitus cases in North America and Europe .
After escaping , Eragon contacts the unconscious Elf telepathically , and discovers that her name is Arya .
Ornamental gardens existed since ancient Egypt , when rich people used them as a mean to relax in the shade of the trees .
Gameplay The Wii version will improve on the original with refined Wii Remote and Nunchuk controls .
In 2005 there were 29 MPs in the Co-operative Parliamentary Group , 9 Members of the Scottish Parliament , 4 Members of the Welsh Assembly and 11 Members of the House of Lords , as well as over 700 local councillors .
The result was often a merger of the two into a '' district '' -LRB- eg Rotorua -RRB- or a change of name to '' district ' -LRB- eg Waimairi -RRB- or '' city '' -LRB- eg Manukau -RRB- .
From 1949 to 1972 , the Territory of Papua and New Guinea was part of Australia , remaining so until the independence of the country of Papua New Guinea .
Millionaires is a pop-electronic group consisting three girls from Los Angeles , California .
CernÄ teÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,100 people .
De Valera 's opponents won the election and civil war broke out shortly afterwards in late June 1922 .
Overview All visitors to the site , including anonymous users , are part of the ' * ' group , while all logged-in users are also part of the ` user ' group .
This synthetic element is one of the so-called super-heavy atoms and was first synthesized in 1994 .
The Federal Ministry of the Interior -LRB- in German , Bundesministerium des Innern or BMI -RRB- is a ministry of the German federal government .
Stora Enso Oyj -LRB- -RRB- is a Finnish & ndash ; Swedish pulp and paper manufacturer , formed by the merger of Swedish mining and forestry products company Stora and Finnish forestry products company Enso-Gutzeit Oy in 1998 .
Ennead -LRB- Greek , meaning the nine -RRB- , an ancient Greek translation of the Egyptian word , Pesedjet , consists of a grouping of nine deities , most often appearing in the context of Egyptian mythology .
Podobnik states that '' the vast majority of groups that participate in these protests draw on international networks of support , and they generally call for forms of globalization that enhance democratic representation , human rights , and egalitarianism .
Roethlisberger led the Steelers to a second Super Bowl title in four seasons as they defeated the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII , 27 â '' 23 , after completing a game-winning touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes in the final 35 seconds .
The school has a swimming pool , tennis court , renovated gymnasium and two soft-surface playing fields - a soccerball field and a basketball court .
April 14 & ndash ; The foundation stone of Cathedral St. Peter and St. Paul in Nantes , France is laid .
Károlyi , Otto -LRB-/O1965/O-RRB- , Introducing Music , p. 63 .
History The county was formed in 1764 from parts of Bladen County and New Hanover County .
Glauchau is a town in Germany , in Saxony , on the right bank of the Mulde , 7 miles north of Zwickau and 17 miles west of Chemnitz by rail .
Prior to Heinz -LRB- and his fellow innovators -RRB- , commercial tomato ketchups of that time were watery and thin , in part due to the use of unripe tomatoes , which were low in pectin .
Queens of the Stone Age - '' No One Knows ''
In addition to elementary functions on numbers , functions include maps between algebraic structures like groups and maps between geometric objects like manifolds .
It is 19,069 km2 in area and has a population of 1,035,418 .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
February 22 & ndash ; Members of White Rose are executed in Nazi Germany .
Railway station Murrurundi railway station is located on the Main North railway line , 352 km from Sydney .
Les Ã glisottes-et-Chalaures is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The first known library of its kind to gather a serious collection of books from beyond its country 's borders , the Library at Alexandria was charged with collecting all the world 's knowledge .
Fay eventually became extratropical on the morning of August 27 while located over Tennessee .
'' Fixing a Hole '' is a song mainly written by Paul McCartney -LRB- credited to Lennon\/McCartney -RRB- and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
He was nominated for three national awards : the Maxwell Award -LRB- an award given to the College football Player of the Year -RRB- , Walter Camp Award , and the Doak Walker Award -LRB- nation 's top running back -RRB- .
The greatest divisions in Christianity today , however , are between Eastern Orthodoxy , Catholicism , and various denominations formed during and after the Protestant Reformation .
Hunter passed examinations and qualified for promotion to lieutenant in February 1760 .
The bridge replaced a centuries-old ferry service to carry vehicular traffic , cyclists , and pedestrians across the Forth ; rail crossings are made by the adjacent and historic Forth Bridge .
The Polans -LRB- also known as Polanes , Polanians or Polians ; -RRB- were a West Slavic tribe inhabiting the Warta river basin .
Stems can refer to two things in music , relating to music notation and production .
The Atlas , first flown in 1957 , was the United States ' first successful ICBM -LRB- Intercontinental Ballistic Missile -RRB- .
Over the following months , four films in which Monroe featured were released .
This is a list of rivers of Antarctica .
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
March 1 & ndash ; The United States Continental Congress implements the Articles of Confederation , forming its Perpetual Union as the United States in Congress Assembled .
In February 2003 , the DEA established a Digital Evidence Laboratory within its Office of Forensic Sciences .
As well as the aforementioned developments , there have been two council estates built in the town - one around Cants Lane , in the town 's north east , and the area around Denham Road in the west , both of course adding to the ever rising population of the town .
The deal is for seven years with a five year option that would ensure the race to be held until 2021 .
Saltwater crocodiles live in mangrove and salt marshes on the coast near the reef .
Elected as secretary-general , the top post of the UN , in 1991 , Boutros-Ghali 's term in office remains controversial .
Historically , Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy , known in French as the Franche-Comt é .
After escaping from slavery , into which she was born , she made thirteen missions to rescue more than 70 slaves using the network of antislavery activists and safe houses known as the Underground Railroad .
Courtemont-Varennes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The lorem ipsum text is typically a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words altered , added and removed that make it nonsensical in meaning and not proper Latin .
Darryl Gudmundson & Andres Tardio -LRB- March 24 , 2007 -RRB- .
JosÃ Miguel GonzÃ lez Rey , aka Josemi -LRB- born November 15 , 1979 -RRB- , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. in the Greek first division .
That became 1985 's Silverado and a breakout role for Costner .
Livy 's History of Rome : Book 9 Biography , although popular throughout antiquity , was introduced as a branch of history by the works of Plutarch -LRB- c. 46 - 127 -RRB- and Suetonius -LRB- c. 69-after 130 -RRB- who described the deeds and characters of ancient personalities , stressing their human side .
Events of 1800 World population was nearing 1 billion people , at 978 million .
Powell 's recollections of Eton appeared under the title of The Wat ' ry Glade .
Oman -LRB- -RRB- , officially the Sultanate of Oman -LRB- -RRB- , is an Arab country in southwest Asia on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
No standard for pseudocode syntax exists , as a program in pseudocode is not an executable program .
A ridge is an elongated region of relatively high atmospheric pressure , the opposite of a trough .
At 100 C -LRB- 373.65 K , 212 F -RRB- saturated sodium chloride brine is 39.12 % salt by weight i.e. 39.12 g salt dissolves in 100mls of water at 100 C/O. At 0 C -LRB- 273.15 K , 32 F -RRB- brine can only hold 35.70 % salt .
An Ives Celebration : Papers and Panel of the Charles Ives Centennial Festival-Conference .
Earthsea became the setting for a further six books , beginning with A Wizard of Earthsea , first published in 1968 , and continuing with The Tombs of Atuan , The Farthest Shore , Tehanu , Tales from Earthsea and The Other Wind .
Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus also known as Scipio Africanus , Scipio the Elder , and Africanus the Elder -LRB- 235 -- 183 BC -RRB- was a general in the Second Punic War and statesman of the Roman Republic .
The passenger ship SS Yongala sank off Cape Bowling Green , Queensland , Australia on 23 March 1911 . En route from Melbourne to Cairns she steamed into a cyclone and sank south of Townsville .
He defeated Matt Bentley in his first match , and over the following weeks , Kozlov would win a series of squash matches , first against local talent , and then established names including Colin Delaney , Funaki , Nunzio , Shannon Moore , Jimmy Wang Yang , Jamie Noble , and Domino .
1236 & ndash ; The Lithuanians and Semigallians defeat the Livonian Brothers of the Sword in the Battle of Saule .
Souligné-Flacé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The club won two Libyan Premier League titles in a successful period in the late 1990 's .
He also considered it appropriate to appoint a major-general to command this expanding force and on 11 August , a new commander , Major-General Reade Godwin-Austen , reached Berbera .
The weight of the car is balanced by a counterweight .
Rise of a Hero -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB-
It a school of one of Emmanuel College 's education campuses .
Cugy
He was also chief conductor of the Houston Symphony from 1961 to 1967 , and was a guest conductor of many other orchestras including the BBC Symphony Orchestra , London Symphony Orchestra , the Philharmonia , the Berlin Philharmonic and the Vienna Philharmonic , making recordings with all these orchestras .
The Munich Oktoberfest , traditionally , takes place during the sixteen days up to and including the first Sunday in October .
Sadie , Jojo and the rest of the band hear him , and the police allow them to go back onto the roof to accompany him with their voices and instruments .
Every editable page on Wikipedia has an associated page history -LRB- sometimes called revision history or edit history -RRB- , which is accessed by clicking the '' history '' tab at the top of the page .
He won the 1998 Danish under-19 Player of the Year award .
The Atlas rocket family is today used as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites , and other space vehicles .
Fukushima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the TÅ hoku region on the island of HonshÅ '' .
-LRB- discovery -RRB- In 1983 it was officially named after the mythological Metis , a Titaness who was the first wife of Zeus -LRB- the Greek equivalent of Jupiter -RRB- .
While the term '' pistol '' can be properly used to describe any handgun , it is common to refer to a single-shot or auto-loading handgun as a '' pistol '' and a revolver as a '' revolver '' .
The Plain English Campaign -LRB- PEC -RRB- is a commercial editing and training firm based in the United Kingdom .
A fire extinguisher is an active fire protection device used to extinguish or control small fires , often in emergency situations .
Development of agricultural techniques has steadily increased agricultural productivity , and the widespread diffusion of these techniques during a time period is often called an agricultural revolution .
! ''
Mothballed brownfields are properties that the owners are not willing to transfer or put to productive reuse .
Increasing contributions to sustainability Forestle saves 0.1 square meters -LRB- about 0.1 square yards -RRB- of rain forest per search event .
Carlos Alberto Gomes Parreira -LRB- born February 27 , 1943 , in Rio de Janeiro -RRB- is a Brazilian football manager .
Averdoingt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Sonny with a Chance is a Disney Channel comedy television series , created by Steve Marmel , that follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe , portrayed by Demi Lovato , who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy show , So Random !
Fortel-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The name was initially suggested by Camille Flammarion Before 1975 Amalthea was most commonly known simply as .
Wildhaus is a municipality in the Wahlkreis -LRB- constituency -RRB- of Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Responsorial prayers are a series of petitions read or sung by a leader with responses made by the congregation .
It is bounded by Meghalaya State of India on the north , Tripura State on the south , Assam State of India on the east and Dhaka and Chittagong divisions on the west .
, which brought the construction of workhouses despite riots and arson .
This also strongly suggests that Interamnia is large enough to have fully withstood all the collisions that have occurred in the asteroid belt since the Solar System was formed .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields , at once both a direct expression of the sensations of the observing eye and an abstraction from observed nature .
Green development
He was drafted into the Red Army in January 1943 to fight in the Second World War , serving as part of the 3rd Ukrainian Front , and participated in the Vienna Offensive .
Ariel Rubinstein -LRB- Hebrew : -RRB- -LRB- born April 13 , 1951 -RRB- is an Israeli economist who works in game theory .
Strasbourg -LRB- ; Lower Alsatian : Strossburi , ; , -RRB- is the capital and principal city of the Alsace region in north-eastern France .
Thus were many troops slaughtered or drowned .
2003 & ndash ; Illinois Governor George Ryan commutes the death sentences of 167 prisoners on Illinois ' death row based on the Jon Burge scandal .
The last remaining players from the Original Six era -LRB- prior to the Expansion Era -RRB- , -LRB- Carol Vadnais , Serge Savard and Wayne Cashman -RRB- all retired after this season .
Mayr is generally credited with inventing the modern philosophy of biology , particularly of evolutionary biology , which he distinguished from physics due to its introduction of -LRB- natural -RRB- history into science .
Frankie Muniz as Domino
The Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas , The Catholic University of the Philippines -LRB- colloquially UST or '' UstÃ '' . Filipino : Unibersidad ng Santo Tomas -RRB- , is a private Roman Catholic university run by the Order of Preachers in Manila .
Accessed November 26 , 2009 .
It is the '' lexical companion to Wikipedia '' , and the two often link to each other .
The Grand Duchy of Hesse and by Rhine -LRB- German : Großherzogtum Hessen und bei Rhein -RRB- , or , between 1806 and 1816 , Grand Duchy of Hesse -LRB- -RRB- -- as it was also known after 1816 -- was a member state of the German Confederation from 1806 , when the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt was elevated to a Grand Duchy , until 1918 , when all the German monarchies were overthrown .
The King enters , along with the High Priest , Ramfis , and the whole palace court .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
'' Boys '' , by Robots in Disguise from Robots in Disguise
As of November 1 , 2006 the United States held 16.4 % of total votes , Japan 7.9 % , Germany 4.5 % , and France and the United Kingdom each held 4.3 % .
In 1883 , Pulitzer , by then a wealthy man , purchased the New York World , a newspaper that had been losing $ 40,000 a year , for $ 346,000 from Jay Gould .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia -LRB- present-day znik in Turkey -RRB- by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
In a car or other vehicle 's suspension , rubber bushings are used to connect the various moving arms and pivot points to the chassis and other parts of the suspension .
Rainn Dietrich Wilson -LRB- born January 20 , 1966 -RRB- is an American actor and comedian .
Gaillardia -LRB- -RRB- , Sunset Western Garden Book , 1995:606 -- 607 the Blanket flowers , is a genus of drought-tolerant annual and perennial plants from the sunflower family -LRB- Asteraceae -RRB- , native to North America .
Founded in 1836 , the University at first comprised just two colleges : University College London , which previously had no official chartered status and did not apply religious tests to its students , and King 's College , which had been chartered since 1829 and which admitted only members of the Church of England .
Plano is a city in Kendall County , Illinois , United States and is a southwest suburb of Chicago .
Bran Castle , situated near Bran and in the immediate vicinity of BraÅ ov , is a national monument and landmark in Romania .
It is named after Umberto Dall ` Olmo -LRB- 1925 -- 1980 -RRB- , who was an amateur astronomer with degrees in both law and physics , who principally observed Jupiter and studied flare stars with Rosino .
The undisputed landmark of the city is the Lenzburg castle , built in the 11th century and since enlarged on several occasions .
As Triple H was in the pin , Orton come across and punted Triple H in the head and pinned Cena to win the match and retain the WWE Championship .
The Kingpin -LRB- Wilson Fisk -RRB- is a fictional character , a supervillain in the .
Young wanted to head his own force and after one unsuccessful attempt -LRB- for the chief constableship of the Isle of Wight Constabulary -RRB- , he became Acting Chief Constable of Leamington Spa Borough Police in September 1938 , aged 31 , at a salary of Â # 500 per annum .
Manaus is a city in Brazil , the capital of the state of Amazonas .
The franchise has also enjoyed a strong following ; from 1977 through 1995 , the team sold out 814 consecutive home games , the longest such streak in American professional sports .
Euston Square is a London Underground station at the corner of Euston Road and Gower Street , just north of University College London -LRB- not to be confused with the nearby tube station on the Northern and Victoria lines -RRB- .
In the study of transport phenomena -LRB- heat transfer , mass transfer and fluid dynamics -RRB- , flux is defined as the amount that flows through a unit area per unit time Flux in this definition is a vector .
The Phoenix Metropolitan Statistical Area -LRB- MSA -RRB- -LRB- officially known as the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale MSA -RRB- , is the 12th largest in the United States , with a total population of 4,281,899 as of the July 2008 update of the 2000 U.S. Census .
These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of '' Work '' .
Fuhua Secondary School is a secondary school in Jurong West , Singapore .
The album was a huge commercial success , having sold over 10 million units in the United States alone as of 2010 and peaking at number two on the Billboard 200 while also reaching high positions on other charts worldwide , despite receiving mixed reviews from publications .
Haboob winds in the Arabian Peninsula , Iraq and Kuwait are frequently created by the collapse of a thunderstorm .
He is co-author of Irreducible Mind -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- and co-editor of The Handbook of Near-Death Experiences -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Mussaurus -LRB- meaning '' mouse lizard '' -RRB- was a genus of herbivorous prosauropod dinosaur that lived in southern Argentina during the Late Triassic Period , about 215 million years ago .
Northern Ireland consists of six counties : Antrim , Armagh , Down , Fermanagh , Londonderry , and Tyrone .
The Province of Benevento is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
While publishing in literary magazines and newspapers , he worked for the Austrian radio and television .
The first public demonstration took place on October 8 , 1905 , but Nessler had been working on the idea since 1896 .
Daniel Cudmore as Peter Rasputin / Colossus : He can transform his skin into an organic steel , granting superhuman strength and a resistance to damage and temperature .
Voulpaix is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Francesco Petrarca -LRB- July 20 , 1304 -- July 19 , 1374 -RRB- , known in English as Petrarch , was an Italian scholar , poet and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists .
The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Digital Telecommunications Philippines , or Digitel .
Compared with red miso , white miso has a very short brewing time .
Monpezat is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Google Cache .
image_map = Tulcea_in_Romania .
It is located in the southeastern part of the province , bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province -LRB- the Murree Hills area -RRB- .
It received the temporary designation ' .
Dammard is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
According to the Potsdam Agreement , the Soviet Military Administration in Germany -LRB- German initials : SMAD -RRB- was assigned responsibility for the -LRB- present-day -RRB- eastern portion of Germany .
Westminster contains many of the most famous sites in London . Some of the popular tourist sites are Buckingham Palace , Palace of Westminster -LRB- Houses of Parliament -RRB- and Big Ben and nearby Westminster Abbey .
Hektor is , so far , the only known binary trojan asteroid in the point and the first trojan with a satellite companion .
Cyclades is one of fifty-one prefectures of Greece .
Content-control software determines what content will be available .
Nine people were confirmed dead , and many more feared dead among 66 reported missing .
He played on all albums and singles from their debut , 1964 's '' Zoot Suit '' , to 1978 's Who Are You , which was released three weeks before his death .
Bruno of Querfurt and others try to establish a mission among the Prussians .
At first these readings dealt primarily with the physical health of the individual -LRB- physical readings -RRB- ; later readings on past lives , business advice , dream interpretation , and mental or spiritual health were also given .
Hamilton pulled alongside the Ferrari and as Massa ran wide into the corner , Hamilton made a move to pass him .
The Wall Street Journal has reported that there was tension surrounding the 2000 transition of authority from Bill Gates to Ballmer .
Between 1966 and 1968 , she published three novels to critical acclaim : The Cat Who Could Read Backwards , The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern and The Cat Who Turned On and Off .
It is also an important center for maritime industries and maritime trade in Europe .
The largest of these are Vlax Romani -LRB- about 900,000 speakers -RRB- , Balkan Romani -LRB- 700,000 -RRB- , Carpathian Romani -LRB- 500,000 -RRB- and Sinti Romani -LRB- 300,000 -RRB- .
Christopher Boehm -LRB- 1999 -RRB- '' Hierarchy in the Forest : The Evolution of Egalitarian Behavior '' page 198 Harvard university press Leften Stavros Stavrianos -LRB- 1991 -RRB- .
The operating systems the daemons can run on without emulation ; also supported event dispatch facilities for network sockets -LRB- see IRCd for further information -RRB- .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
After the Sangam age , most of present day Tamil Nadu -LRB- and along with it Madurai -RRB- came under Kalabhra rule . Kalabhras remained in control of Madurai till the middle of 6th century CE .
Last Monday In the United States , Memorial Day , a public holiday , is on May 30 , but observed on the last Monday in May .
The Delhi Sultanate begins .
The atmospheric pressure at the planet 's surface is 92 times that of the Earth .
Courmes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
They are often used in a geographic reference frame , and in this capacity are sometimes called geographic counties .
Her ball average over the seven U.S. Opens was in a different class than her opponents .
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha was the only European country to appoint a diplomatic consul to the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War .
Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Cantonment , Qasba Abbottabad , Sheikhul bandi and Rakh Civil MilitaryDistrict Government of Abbottabad .
In a scalene triangle , all sides are unequal .
He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions along with a small number of kings of Lower Egypt .
In one case he snuck into Ramallah under cover of night to give a piano recital , after the Israeli government had told him that it would not permit him to go there because conditions were too dangerous .
John G. '' Johnny '' Weir -LRB- born July 2 , 1984 in Coatesville , Pennsylvania -RRB- is an American figure skater .
Directed by Catherine Hardwicke , the film stars Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson .
The name comes from ' , the Latin word for milk , plus the - ose ending used to name sugars .
Gerpinnes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
He and the Queen have three children : Philippe Léopold Louis Marie , Duke of Brabant -LRB- born 15 April 1960 -RRB- .
Queer Duck : the Movie was released on DVD in 2006 .
The island is also known as Isla Chiquita -LRB- Little Island -RRB- and Última Virgen -LRB- Last Virgin -RRB- .
Saint-André-de-Cubzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It is a more concise and dialogic version of the CCC .
The calvados appellation system was revised in 1984 and 1996 .
Lucy Ware Webb Hayes -LRB- August 28 , 1831 June 25 , 1889 -RRB- was the First Lady of the United States and the wife of President Rutherford B. Hayes .
Elizabeth Hawthorne , who played Queen Omphale , went on to play Hercules ' mother in the TV series .
A bottle cap is typically colorfully decorated with the logo of the brand of beverage .
__ NOTOC __
ISBN : 0904766535 pg 84 He is also known as the King of the North .
Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes , usually known simply as Gonçalves -LRB- born on February 22 , 1966 in Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro state -RRB- is a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- central defender revealed by Flamengo in 1987 .
This was historically challenged by the Karaites who maintain that only the Written Torah was revealed , and , in modern times , liberal movements such as Humanistic Judaism may be nontheistic .
Most of the C-in-C 's staff were based at the headquarters , which was located in New Delhi .
Java Emitter Templates , a template engine that is part of the Eclipse EMF project
The Mark 3 bodyshell was also the basis of Class 318 , Class 455 , and the diesel Class 150 .
Lawless appeared as D'Anna Biers , a reporter with the Fleet News Service who worked on a critical documentary about the crew of the Galactica and was later revealed to be a Cylon -LRB- Number Three -RRB- .
A rare transition metal of the platinum group of the periodic table , ruthenium is found associated with platinum ores and used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys .
BlÃ quin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Their debut album , Boy , was released in 1980 .
In 1956 , Hackman decided to become an actor ; he joined the Pasadena Playhouse in California .
Roquefort-des-Corbières is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
Normally , for proper sorting , dates must be entered in YYYY-MM-DD format .
In 1985 , the first U.S. cable channels devoted to pay-per-view , Viewer 's Choice , Cable Video Store , and Request TV began operation within days of each other .
Alexain is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Illiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Henri Legarda
The bottom of the pizza , called the '' crust '' , may vary widely according to style -- thin as in a typical hand-tossed pizza or Roman pizza , or thick as in a typical pan pizza or Chicago-style pizza .
This award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a Nobel Committee that consists of five members elected by The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences .
However , for historical reasons districts in cantons GraubÃ 1\/4 nden and Schwyz are their own legal entities with jurisdiction over tax and often have their own Landsgemeinde .
Belleville is home to the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League .
Overview When all the earth 's fire begins to go out , Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from cold .
At times , the orbiter itself is referred to as the Space Shuttle . Technically , this is a slight misnomer , as the actual '' Space Transportation System '' -LRB- Space Shuttle -RRB- is the combination of the orbiter , the external tank , and the two solid rocket boosters .
Shpilband was born in Moscow and defected to the United States in January Info re defection 1990 .
A lady-in-waiting is often a noblewoman from a family highly thought of in good society , but usually from a lower rank -LRB- i.e. , a lesser noble -RRB- than the one she attends to , she is not considered a servant .
Worldwide , gluten is an important source of nutritional protein , both in foods prepared directly from sources containing it , and as an additive to foods otherwise low in protein .
It is the world 's fifth largest country , both by geographical area and by population .
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Yajur Veda , Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
The posthumous names of Japanese emperors are called teig -LRB- , lit .
It was named after the Miskóc clan and was first mentioned by this name around 1210 .
It is particularly common in the Indus valley .
A total of three cassette compilations were released through the fanzine .
The endorsement test proposed by United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in the 1984 case of Lynch v. Donnelly asks whether a particular government action amounts to an endorsement of religion , thus violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
This is a list of characters appearing in the film series Pirates of the Caribbean .
However , operations 1 and 2 do not depend on any other operation , so they can be calculated simultaneously .
1993 & ndash ; Russian Constitutional Crisis : In Moscow , tanks bombard the White House , a government building that housed the Russian parliament , while demonstrators against President Boris Yeltsin rally outside .
Notre-Dame-de-Courson is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Belleydoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Magister Artium , Magister in Artibus , or Master of Arts degree is an academic degree of medieval origin which has later acquired different characteristics at different universities and in different educational systems .
The laryngeal prominence is usually more prominent in adult men than in women or prepubescent children .
Le Pin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Heuringhem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
David Benjamin James -LRB- born 1 August 1970 in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire -RRB- is an English professional goalkeeper of Dominican descent who currently plays for English Premier League club Portsmouth and the England national team .
There are three named craters on the surface of Puck , the largest being about 45 km in diameter .
Cantonal Portal Campo Blenio was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
There , in December of the same year , Hannibal had an opportunity to show his superior military skill at Trebia ; after wearing down the excellent Roman infantry he cut it to pieces by a surprise attack from an ambush in the flank .
Glen 's MySpace site with blog , photos and information on any upcoming tour dates .
Besides chimpanzees , primates inhabiting Gombe Stream include beachcomber olive baboons , red-tailed monkeys and vervet monkeys .
Plot Napoleon Dynamite is a gawky high school student from who lives with his grandmother , his elder brother Kip and their pet llama , Tina .
There were many ways in which people had died .
The video to accompany it was recorded and produced by M Industries .
Natalia Marisa Oreiro Iglesias -LRB- born May 19 , 1977 in Montevideo , Uruguay -RRB- is a Latin Grammy-nominated Uruguayan singer and actress of Galician origin , who developed most of her career in Argentina .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , where he wrestles on the Raw brand as Skip Sheffield , but is currently inactive due to an injury .
The observatory is located on the Gold Coast , Queensland at Reedy Creek , Queensland , a suburb with post code 4228 and located at .
It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Province of Liege .
Miami Heat -LRB- 1996 -- 2001 -RRB-
Martorell was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue , leading to a colleague , MartÃ Joan de Galba , finishing the novel .
Carlos Vicente Tenorio Medina -LRB- born May 14 , 1979 -RRB- is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Emirati club Al-Nasr .
He is a center back and currently plays for the J-league team Urawa Red Diamonds .
Prawns are Decapods , belonging to the sub-order Dendrobranchiata .
In cartilagenous and ray-finned fish the spleen is normally a somewhat elongated organ , consisting primarily of red pulp , with only a small amount of white pulp .
It is on the border with Baden-Württemberg in Germany , and half way between Opfertshofen , Switzerland and Büsslingen , Germany , on the Swiss Hauptstrasse from Thayngen to Büsslingen .
It 's On -LRB- Dr. Dre -RRB- 187um Killa is an EP by rapper Eazy-E released in 1993 .
It stood approximately 45 meters -LRB- 135 ft -RRB- in height , and each of the four sides was adorned with sculptural reliefs created by each one of four Greek sculptors -- Leochares , Bryaxis , Scopas of Paros and Timotheus .
Turgenev occasionally visited England , and in 1879 the honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law was conferred upon him by the University of Oxford .
'' Summertime '' -LRB- The Maybes ?
'' meme '' at The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language : Fourth Edition , 2000 Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogs to genes , in that they self-replicate and respond to selective pressures .
In English , most non-technical use of superiors is archaic .
In the United States , a CFL has a higher purchase price than an incandescent lamp , but can save over US$ 40 in electricity costs over the lamp 's lifetime .
Sebastian Vettel took his place in the US Grand Prix , finishing in 8th place and therefore becoming the youngest driver to score a Formula One World Championship point .
History The area is very rich in archaeological remains due to its strategic location .
The brand later expanded to the United States under an Americanised version of the name : Dannon .
As people get older , some will lose this ability to adjust the focus .
The zoo is set in a natural bushland environment where paths wind through different habitat areas showcasing wallabies , wombats , dingoes , kangaroos , and over 200 native bird varieties .
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people .
Contemporary skepticism -LRB- or scepticism -RRB- is loosely used to denote any questioning attitude , See R. H. Popkin , The History of Skepticism from Erasmus to Descartes -LRB- rev. ed .
He was capped by Italy 44 times , scoring two goals for the Italian national team , and played for them in the Euro 1996 and 1998 World Cup .
In September 1979 , the school could at last move into the 24-classroom premises in Wo Che Estate .
and one million bytes -LRB- 106 , see prefix mega - -RRB- generally for computer storage .
Geography Loire-Atlantique is part of the current region of Pays-de-la-Loire and is surrounded by the department of Morbihan , Ille-et-Vilaine , Maine-et-Loire , and Vendée , with the Atlantic on the west .
It uses the force of gravity -LRB- in the form of weighted bars , dumbbells or weight stacks -RRB- to oppose the force generated by muscle through concentric or eccentric contraction .
Clarke County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia .
Izvoarele Sucevei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
Roberto Mussi -LRB- born 25 August 25 1963 -RRB- is a former Italian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player in defender role , centre-back or right-back .
Arachne , refusing to bow to Athena , hanged herself : â Nor could Arachne take such punishment : She 'd rather hang herself than bow her head .
World Poverty and Human Rights : Cosmopolitan Responsibilities and Reforms is a 2002 book by Thomas Pogge .
It in 1961 played a role in the establishment of the Alliance of the Orders of St. John of Jerusalem , and thereafter finally received through a concordat in 1963 collateral recognition by the Order of Malta .
The seat of the district is the town of Echallens .
By the time of World War I , governance was again a pressing concern .
Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this manner .
The name of the settlement was called Cennrigmonaid -LRB- Old Irish for '' head of the King 's monad '' -RRB- for the memory of Túathalán , abbot of '' Cennrígmonaid '' around 746AD .
It is an SOV language and has two tones .
The following season , Thompson again appeared in all of the Bruins ' 44 games , posting three shutouts and a 2.19 goals-against average .
'' Benward & Saker -LRB-/O2003/O-RRB- .
Size Boston Terriers are typically small , compactly built , well proportioned dogs with erect ears , short tails , and a short muzzle that should be free of wrinkles .
The first woman to conduct the orchestra was Australian conductor Simone Young in January 2005 .
History From 1987 to 1992 , it was branded Diamond 95.5 .
In descending order of population , Oklahoma 's largest cities in 2007 were : Oklahoma City -LRB- 547,274 -RRB- , Tulsa -LRB- 384,037 -RRB- , Norman -LRB- 106,707 -RRB- , Lawton -LRB- 91,568 -RRB- , Broken Arrow -LRB- 90,714 -RRB- , Edmond -LRB- 78,226 -RRB- , Midwest City -LRB- 55,935 -RRB- , Moore -LRB- 51,106 -RRB- , Enid -LRB- 47,008 -RRB- , and Stillwater -LRB- 46,976 -RRB- .
Caesar or Cæsar may refer to :
Hedgehogs feed on insects , snails , frogs and toads , snakes , bird eggs , carrion , mushrooms , grass roots , berries , melons , and watermelons .
Finnix A small system administration Live CD that is available for multiple architectures .
Spurgeon 's church used no instruments in their music .
Animals is a concept album by Pink Floyd , released on 23 January 1977 , in the United Kingdom by Harvest Records and on 2 February 1977 in the United States by Columbia Records .
Laufenburg is a district of the canton of Aargau , Switzerland , essentially consisting of the upper Fricktal valley in the Aargau Jura south of the Rhine .
In support of Blackwater Park , Opeth embarked on its first world tour , headlined Europe for the first time , and made an appearance at the 2001 Wacken Open Air festival in Germany , playing to a crowd of 60,000 .
Funnel clouds form most frequently in association with supercell thunderstorms .
Ferdinand is the most distant known satellite of Uranus .
Vengeance grossed over $ 400,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 6,800 and received 320,000 pay-per-view buys , which helped WWE increase its pay-per-view revenue by $ 21.6 million compared to the previous year .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad
__ NOTOC __
A complex number , in mathematics , is a number comprising a real number part and an imaginary number part ; it can be written in the form a + bi , where a and b are real numbers , and i is the standard imaginary unit , having the property that i2 = -1 .
The church 's motto is '' God 's in his Heaven , All 's right with the world '' .
inutul Timi , a former administrative unit of Romania
Mission may refer to :
The plants used in topiary are evergreen , mostly woody , have small leaves or needles , produce dense foliage , and have compact and\/or columnar -LRB- e.g. fastigiate -RRB- growth habits .
Track listing All tracks composed by Stephen Lynch .
Romero made a third entry in his '' Dead Series '' with Day of the Dead -LRB- 1985 -RRB- .
Epicurus was an atomic materialist , following in the steps of Democritus .
The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic double-tracked arch bridge located in Torrance , California USA , spanning Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street , a short distance west of Western Avenue .
The fore wing is white with a variable amount of black spots -LRB- some individuals lack these spots -RRB- .
The epicentre was at 23.85 N latitude , 120.82 E longitude , southwest of Sun Moon Lake , near the town of Jiji , Nantou .
On April 8 , 1955 , veteran journalist Edward R. Murrow interviewed Greene and his wife Amy , as well as Monroe , at the Greenes ' home in Connecticut on a live telecast of the CBS program Person to Person .
Origins of Ibanez and the Lawsuit Models Ibanez Register - Gallery of past and present Ibanez guitars and basses .
It provides a number of features not present in Excel , including a system that automatically defines series for graphing based on the layout of the user 's data .
Founded by the Lascaris family , it lasted from 1204 to 1261 .
Latin , however , superseded Etruscan completely , leaving only a few documents and a few loanwords in Latin e.g. , persona from Etruscan ersu , and some place-names , such as Roma .
Palk strait , between Tamil Nadu state in India and Sri Lanka , the location of Ram Sethu and rich in natural resources .
As a result , a fleet of Royal Naval warships and tug-boats were employed to act as a deterrent against any future harassment of British fishing crews by the Icelandic craft .
Domitian was the third and last emperor of the Flavian dynasty .
Rosignano Marittimo borders the following municipalities : Castellina Marittima , Cecina , Collesalvetti , Livorno , Orciano Pisano , Santa Luce .
Quedlinburg -LRB- -RRB- is a town located north of the Harz mountains , in the district of Harz in the west of Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
Fischer described as '' chess legend Bobby Fischer '' At age 13 Fischer played and won a '' brilliancy '' that became known as the Game of the Century .
Convection increased and a broad area of low pressure developed on September 22 as the convection moved northwestward towards the YucatÃ n Peninsula .
Its purpose is unknown , but it may be useful in absorbing ultraviolet rays to manufacture vitamin D , as well as to determine light\/dark cycles , and help with thermoregulation .
They are native to the hot and dry -LRB- arid -RRB- parts of North America , Central America , South America , and the West Indies .
They travel together and when they stop at a grocery store , they meet two sisters , '' Wichita '' -LRB- Emma Stone -RRB- and '' Little Rock '' -LRB- Abigail Breslin -RRB- .
In 1854 , Florence Nightingale left for the Crimean War , where triage was used to separate seriously wounded soldiers from the less-seriously wounded was observed .
Oliver Postgate -LRB- 12 April 1925 â '' 8 December 2008 -RRB- was an English animator , puppeteer and writer .
Karolina Sofia Bock née Richter , -LRB- August 28 1792-1872 -RRB- , was a Swedish dancer , actor and singer .
The Seven Years ' War was a global military conflict between 1756 and 1763 , involving most of the great powers of the time affecting North and Central America , Europe , the West African coast , India and the Philippines .
The equality sign , equals sign , or '' = '' is a mathematical symbol used to indicate equality .
Kupwara District is located in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Identical general purpose registers , allowing any register to be used in any context , simplifying compiler design -LRB- although normally there are separate floating point registers -RRB- ;
Founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator , one of Alexander the Great 's generals , Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was a cradle of gentile Christianity .
At the time , its rain bands began interacting with a cold front associated with a well-developed low west of Norway , dropping up to 113 mm -LRB- 4.4 in -RRB- of precipitation in the northwestern Netherlands . Consequently , streets and homes in the village of Hippolytushoef were reportedly inundated .
Erich Wasicky -LRB- * May 27 , 1911 in Vienna , Austria ; † May 28 , 1947 in Landsberg -RRB- was a pharmacist at the Mauthausen concentration camp and in charge of the killing of large numbers of victims by gas according to Action T4 which corresponds to euthanasia .
The club has played in the Primera División of La Liga since its start in 1928 .
In a discussion supplied by the National Hurricane Center , it stated that Omar may have peaked as a minimal Category 4 early that morning .
Some definitions Definitions specific to subfields are common .
Le Mesnil-Simon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The moon was discovered by British astronomer William Lassell on October 10 , 1846 , just 17 days after Neptune itself was discovered by German astronomers Johann Gottfried Galle and Heinrich Louis d'Arrest .
He currently plays for German club Schalke 04 , in the Bundesliga .
Sewage treatment generally involves three stages , called primary , secondary and tertiary treatment .
His election as mayor made Berlin one of three major European cities with an openly gay mayor , along with Paris , whose mayor is Bertrand DelanoÃ '' , and Hamburg , whose mayor was Ole von Beust at that time , who both also took office in 2001 .
May 21 & ndash ; Treaty of Troyes : With the Burgundian faction dominant in France , King Charles VI of France acknowledges Henry V of England as his heir and as virtual ruler of most of France .
In 1976 , Pavarotti debuted at the Salzburg Festival , appearing in a solo recital on 31 July , accompanied by pianist Leone Magiera .
The Mustelidae are a diverse family and the largest in the order Carnivora , at least partly because this family has in the past been a catch-all category for many early or poorly differentiated taxa .
The First Republic , dominated from the late 1920s by the Catholic nationalist Christian Social Party -LRB- CS -RRB- , gradually disintegrated from 1933 -LRB- dissolution of parliament and ban of the Austrian National Socialists -RRB- to 1934 -LRB- Austrian Civil War in February and ban of all remaining parties except the CS -RRB- .
Born in Walthamstow in East London , Morris was educated at Marlborough and Exeter College , Oxford .
Chemnitz is one of the three Direktionsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony , Germany , located in the south-west of the state .
About 70 % of the population live in the Greater Volos area , which is the second-largest city in Thessaly and the third busiest commercial port in Greece .
He travelled to Brittany in 1928 to study stone crosses and publish As Cruces de Pedra na Bretaña .
castle of Schloss Niederraunau
In the postwar era , Ballarat 's growth continued , expanding significantly to the northwest and an acute post war housing shortage was eased with the establishment of an extensive Housing Commission of Victoria estate on the former Ballarat Common -LRB- today known as Wendouree West -RRB- .
John Smith -LRB- 13 September 1938 - 12 May 1994 -RRB- was a British Labor Party politician who served as Leader of the Labor Party from July 1992 until his sudden death from a heart attack in May 1994 .
From Besal onwards visitors have to trek about 6 -- 8 hours in vast alpine meadows to reach the lake .
Though convection decreased early on August 21 , the area of low pressure remained well-organized and the system developed into Tropical Depression Four late on August 21 .
A summary of extensive discussion should reflect the conclusions of the source .
The line attributed to both Matisse and Picasso that Cézanne '' is the father of us all '' can not be easily dismissed .
It became Lopez 's least commercially successful album to date selling 600,000 copies worldwide .
'' Sgt. Major '' - B-side to '' Rollover DJ '' , Bonus track in limited editions of Get Born
The capital of the district is Biasca .
Ultra Beatdown is the last studio album to feature the vocalist , ZP Theart .
Stephen I of Hungary invades Transylvania and organises the Diocese of Transylvania -LRB- possible date -RRB- .
I was a bit too old for Harry '' .
Bryan Robson OBE -LRB- born 11 January 1957 -RRB- is an English former football manager and a former player .
Marie-Ad Ã laÃ de was exiled to Spain , as was her sister-in-law Bathilde d'Orl Ã ans , the last princesse de CondÃ .
In the United Kingdom and Australia , timber is a term also used for sawn wood products -LRB- that is , boards -RRB- , whereas generally in the United States and Canada , the product of timber cut into boards is referred to as lumber .
The Wash shows as a large indentation in the coastline of the map of eastern England , separating the curved coast of East Anglia from Lincolnshire .
Today a great number of small and middle-sized businesses dominate the economy .
However radio signals may be carried by electromagnetic radiation ; the intensity of the radiation -LRB- amplitude modulation -RRB- or the frequency of the radiation -LRB- frequency modulation -RRB- is oscillated and then the individual oscillations are varied -LRB- modulated -RRB- to produce the signal .
History Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters ' Tryste Inn in 1845 .
During this time at Cambridge , Dart was the most effective British supporter of the modern early music revival , in part through his influence on those who ultimately formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 23 , 1986 and was given the temporary designation S/1986 U 9 .
Duff 's early career started by making guest appearances on made for television movies such as Hope and True Women and on TV shows such as The Amanda Show .
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi -LRB- SanskritÂ ' -RRB- , born Mahesh Prasad Varma -LRB- January 12 , 1914 â '' February 5 , 2008 -RRB- developed the Transcendental Meditation technique and was the leader or '' guru '' of the TM movement , varyingly characterised as a '' Neo-Hindu '' new religious movement .
The act increased the area of Berlin 13-fold from 66 km -LRB- 25.5 mi -RRB- to 883 km -LRB- 341 mi -RRB- and the population doubled from approximately 1.9 million to near 4 million , with almost 1.2 million of these new inhabitants coming from the 7 surrounding towns alone .
The Montreal Canadiens hosted the 57th NHL All-Star Game at the Bell Centre on January 25 , 2009 , part of the Canadiens ' 100th season celebration .
He was a member of the Central Committee of the Arab Socialist Union from 1974 to 1977 .
Florence Leontine Mary Welch -LRB- born -RRB- is the daughter of Evelyn Welch , a Harvard-educated Professor of Renaissance Studies and Academic Dean of Arts at Queen Mary , University of London and Nick Welch , an advertising executive .
A sequel can lead to a series , in which key elements appear in a number of stories .
Upon questioning his wife , she revealed that it had rung while he was out of the room and someone was playing a bad joke on them by saying that he had won the Nobel prize .
The lunar phases vary cyclically as the Moon orbits the Earth , according to the changing relative positions of the Earth , Moon and Sun .
After Stratus pushed her away , James ' character made a complete heel turn by attacking Stratus in the ring and later vowing to destroy her .
For millennia , the main use of ferrets was for hunting , or ferreting .
4319 Jackierobinson -LRB- 1981 ER14 -RRB- is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 1 , 1981 by Schelte J. Bus at Siding Spring Observatory in the course of the U.K. Schmidt-Caltech Asteroid Survey .
The extract from the letter that the magazine printed was the only writing of Anning 's published in the scientific literature during her lifetime .
However , since 1952 there exists the American Sarah Siddons Award for dramatic achievement in theatre : a genuine and prestigious award , named in honor of Siddons .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Karak The town of Takht-e-Nasrati is the headquarters of the tehsil .
After the Renaissance consolidation of knowledge began to challenge some traditional doctrines in both science and theology , the Protestant Reformation began , as German priest Martin Luther attacked Papal authority .
The Murray River formed the Wiradjuri 's southern boundary , the change from woodland to open grassland formed their eastern boundary . ''
Many asteroids were also discovered at the observatory , including the Trojan asteroids 2223 Sarpedon , 2260 Neoptolemus , 2363 Cebriones , 2456 Palamedes , as well as the eponymous 3494 Purple Mountain .
Mani Ratnam -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born June 2 , 1956 in Madurai , Madras State , India -RRB- is an Indian filmmaker , screenwriter and producer .
He is best known for his role as Brent Leroy on the CTV sitcom Corner Gas , which he also created .
For a general article on the state , see State -LRB- polity -RRB- .
NOW is a free weekly publication in Toronto , Canada .
The Letter of Jeremiah , also known as the Epistle of Jeremy , is a deuterocanonical -LRB- or apocryphal -RRB- book of the Old Testament ; this letter purports to have been written by Jeremiah to the Jews who were about to be carried away as captives to Babylon by Nebuchadnezzar .
Migration to Melbourne , particularly from overseas including Ireland and China , caused a massive population increase .
In 1969 FC Schalke 04 paid FC Schwelm 06 38,000 Deutsche Mark to sign promising stopper Rolf Rüssmann , who did not enjoy the best of starts at the Gelsenkirchen-based outfit under Rudi Gutendorf , but then gained more regular appearances for the club and seemed destined for a successful career .
There are small Mandaean diaspora populations in Australia -LRB- c. 3,500 as of 2006 -RRB- , Canada , the USA -LRB- c. 1,500 -RRB- , the UK -LRB- c. 1,000 -RRB- and Sweden -LRB- c. 5,000 -RRB- .
Following the attack , Heyman announced that all ECW superstars would be at Raw the following week .
HMHS Britannic was the third and largest of the White Star Line .
Aartselaar -LRB- old spelling : Aertselaer -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Haemophilia -LRB- also spelled hemophilia in North America , from the Greek haima ` blood ' and philia ` love ' -RRB- is a group of hereditary genetic disorders that impair the body 's ability to control blood clotting or coagulation , which is used to stop bleeding when a blood vessel is broken .
In : Hans Höger -LRB- Hrsg . -RRB-
Finland , Turkey , and New Zealand -LRB- as part of the team from Australasia -RRB- made their first appearance at the Olympic Games .
The Concorde Agreement is a contract between the FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de l'Automobile -LRB- FIA -RRB- , the Formula One teams -LRB- currently represented by the Formula One Teams Association -LRB- FOTA -RRB- -RRB- and the Formula One Administration which dictates the terms by which the teams compete in races and take their share of the television revenues and prize money .
Le Verguier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
A gas giant -LRB- sometimes also known as a Jovian planet after the planet Jupiter , or giant planet -RRB- is a large planet that is not primarily composed of rock or other solid matter .
The Clarity Act -LRB- known as Bill C-20 before it became law -RRB- is legislation passed by the Parliament of Canada that established the conditions under which the Government of Canada would enter into negotiations that might lead to secession following such a vote by one of the provinces .
Azerbaijani or Azeri or Torki -LRB- AzÉ rbaycanca , AzÉ rbaycan dili -RRB- is a dialect belonging to the Turkic language family , spoken in southwestern Asia , primarily in Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran . Azerbaijani is member of the Oghuz branch of the Turkic languages and is closely related to Turkish , Qashqai and Turkmen .
6936 = 2 ^ 3 times 3 times 17 ^ 2 , , !
Their variations help the audience to distinguish sex , age , and social status , in addition to revealing a change in a particular characterâ s appearance , e.g. Oedipus after blinding himself Unique masks were also created for specific characters and events in a play , such as The Furies in Aeschylusâ Eumenides and Pentheus and Cadmus in Euripidesâ The Bacchae .
Resourcing encompasses the deployment and manipulation of human resources , financial resources , technological resources , and natural resources .
Christchurch -LRB- -RRB- is the largest city in the South Island of New Zealand , and the country 's second-largest urban area .
1915 & ndash ; Ruth Warrick , American actress -LRB- d. 2005 -RRB-
The key difference between DDR and DDR2 is that in DDR2 the bus is clocked at twice the rate of the memory cells , so four bits of data can be transferred per memory cell cycle .
Marklohe is a municipality in the district of Nienburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Nai -LRB- Romania , Moldova -RRB- .
Sartene has given its name to one of the southern-Corsican dialects that are most like the sardinian Gallurese dialect .
Francisco Rubio
India is a transshipment point for heroin from Southwest Asian countries like Afghanistan and Pakistan and from Southeast Asian countries like Burma , Laos , and Thailand .
It was established to commemorate the Centenary of Federation of Australia and to honor people who have made a contribution to Australian society or government .
For the short-lived NFL team , see 1928 Detroit Wolverines -LRB- NFL -RRB- season .
Prato allo Stelvio , Italian name for Prad am Stilfser Joch , a municipality in South Tyrol
Prentice Alvin -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- - Nebula Award nominee , 1989 ; Locus Award winner , 1990 ; Hugo Award nominee , 1990
In front of the guillotine , he exclaimed '' Coraggio cuginiâ '' evviva l' anarchia ! ''
The county contains portions of two lakes : Lake James along its western border with McDowell County and Lake Rhodhiss along its northeastern border with Caldwell County .
The House of Gucci , better known simply as Gucci , is an Italian fashion and leather goods label , part of the Gucci Group , which is owned by French company Pinault-Printemps-Redoute -LRB- PPR -RRB- .
It is the seventh game by Mönkkönen , but only the fifth to be released fully in English .
In this first systematic treatise on glass , he again refers to the use of lead glass in enamels , glassware , and for the imitation of precious stones . Christopher Merrett translated this into English in 1662 -LRB- The Art of Glass -RRB- , paving the way for the production of English lead crystal glass by George Ravenscroft .
This pizza is cooked in long , rectangular baking pans and relatively thick -LRB- 1 -- 2 cm -RRB- .
One is a runt so John Arable decides to '' do away with it '' .
Nappanee is located at .
She was married at the age of 14 , on 10 May 1612 , to Prince Khurram , who would later ascend the Peacock Throne as Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan I. Though betrothed to Shah Jahan in 1607 , she ultimately became his third wife , in 1612 , and was his favorite .
Pope Innocent XI forms a Holy League with the Habsburg Empire , Venice and Poland to end the Ottoman Turkish rule in Europe .
Lady Margaret Beaufort -LRB- 31 May 1443 -- 29 June 1509 -RRB- , Countess of Richmond and Derby , was the mother of King Henry VII and grandmother of King Henry VIII of England .
Founded in 1853 , it is the second oldest university in Australia , and the oldest in Victoria .
It , along with the film , features more Elvis Presley singles than any of Elvis ' own feature films .
He founded Al-Fatiha in 1998 and served as its President until stepping down in 2004 .
On the former wine-producing Erlasee estate near Arnstein in Bavaria , in southern Germany , Solon SE has constructed what is currently the largest tracking photovoltaic solar power station in the world with an output of 12 MW .
However , when Gabriel grinds his gun into McClane 's wound , McClane fires it through his own shoulder and into Gabriel , killing him .
Alessandro Pistone -LRB- born July 27 , 1975 in Milan -RRB- is a former Italian footballer .
Intervals between eruptions can range from 45 to 125 minutes , averaging 66.5 minutes in 1939 , slowly increasing to an average of 90 minutes apart today .
Virginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along its oceanfront .
Robert Dyas was bought in March 2004 by Change Capital Partners a private buyout firm headed by former M&S chairman Luc Vandevelde .
Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system .
The pan and the stirring implement , if kept in constant motion , will create small and soft curds .
Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Mercury was found in Egyptian tombs that date from 1500 BC It was also known to the ancient Chinese .
An area of disturbed weather east of the Windward Islands was designated Tropical Depression Six on August 31 .
Jeu de paume was originally a French precursor of lawn tennis played without racquets .
Operator types In many IRC networks , IRCops have different types of access on a network .
Released by 20th Century Fox , the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin .
Drusus Caesar , son of Germanicus and Agrippina the elder -LRB- d. 33 -RRB-
Semi-protection prevents editing by unregistered contributors and contributors with accounts which are not .
Osaka was opened to foreign trade by the government of the Bakufu at the same time as Hy go -LRB- modern Kobe -RRB- on 1 January 1868 , just before the advent of the Boshin war and the Meiji restoration .
There are three official variants : pizza marinara , which is made with tomato , garlic , oregano and extra virgin olive oil -LRB- although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara -RRB- , pizza Margherita , made with tomato , sliced mozzarella , basil and extra-virgin olive oil , and pizza Margherita extra made with tomato , mozzarella from Campania in fillets , basil and extra virgin olive oil .
The couple resided in Bombay , and frequently traveled across India and Europe .
Sometimes these numbers are lower and in the case of having only two or three grandparents sibling or half-sibling incest would be incorporated .
Emergency reporting Under the Broadcast Act , NHK is under the obligation to broadcast early warning emergency reporting in times of natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis .
8 milliseconds -- 1\/125 of a second -LRB-/O125/O-RRB- , a standard camera shutter speed ; fastest shifting time of a car 's mechanical transmission
The Bugatti Veyron has a total of ten radiators .
His best known work , for the 1971 blaxploitation film Shaft , earned Hayes an Academy Award for Best Original Song -LRB- the first Academy Award received by an African-American in a non-acting category -RRB- and two Grammy Awards .
Studies in the fly Drosophila melanogaster suggest that if a mutation changes a protein produced by a gene , this will probably be harmful , with about 70 percent of these mutations having damaging effects , and the remainder being either neutral or weakly beneficial .
The winning team receives the Vince Lombardi Trophy , named after the coach of the Green Bay Packers , who won the first two Super Bowl games and three of the five preceding NFL championships in 1961 , 1962 , and 1965 .
The fruit is about 6 cm in diameter , often with slightly nippled ends , and is usually sold quite green , although it yellows as it reaches full ripeness .
He was drafted by the Tennessee Oilers in the fourth round of the 1997 NFL Draft . He played college football at Michigan State .
The spacecraft was placed into low Earth orbit for testing .
The species is also hunted frequently for its skin and meat , and the eggs are often harvested for human consumption .
It shares the same bodyshell and core structure as the Turbostar , which is in turn the most common post-privatisation diesel multiple unit -LRB- DMU -RRB- family , and both evolved from the Class 168 Clubman design by ADtranz .
Dame Jane Morris Goodall , DBE -LRB- born Valerie Jane Morris-Goodall on 3 April 1934 -RRB- , is a British primatologist , ethologist , anthropologist , and UN Messenger of Peace .
The defeat of the federal Labor government in March 1996 prompted Kennett to call an early state election three weeks later , at which Labor lost heavily , with a net gain of two seats .
She was a student of Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier .
Orsingen-Nenzingen is a town in the district of Konstanz in Baden-W ürttemberg in Germany .
PeÃ a Boulevard , a freeway in Denver and neighboring Aurora connecting Denver International Airport to Interstate 70 , is named for him .
The film was released in North America on September 30 , 2005 by Universal Pictures .
Two years later , Metric released their second studio album , Live It Out , on October 4 , 2005 .
The receiving partner lies on their back with legs apart , while the penetrating partner lies on top .
The album was released on March 3 , 1986 through Elektra Records and was met with high critical reception .
It was farmed and eaten by the ancient Romans -LRB- usually as a snack -RRB- , hence the word edible in its name .
She married Enrique Rousseau shortly thereafter .
On 13 April , with her suite much diminished , Marie-Louise and the three-year-old King of Rome were back in Rambouillet where they met her father , the Emperor Francis II of Austria , and the Emperor Alexander I of Russia .
There is one other confirmed bunker , a '' Remote Receiving station '' , in Bankstown .
DDT was completely banned in Canada in 1989 , though its use had been highly restricted since the late 1970s .
Yoshi is the initial protagonist , and the game is the character 's first appearance that allowed players to control him without Mario .
The June birth flower is the rose , or the honeysuckle , as roses and honeysuckles bloom throughout June .
Rudolf II 11 March 1356 6 December 1370 Son of Rudolf I.
He graduated in sociology at The Polytechnic , Regent Street , -LRB- now the University of Westminster -RRB- where he campaigned to establish its Students ' Union and became its first elected President , a sabbatical post , in 1966 .
The Emirate of Granada was established in 1228 , after the Almohad dynasty was defeated by the Christians at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa .
At the time , Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in the month of October , though it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season .
Grandrieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach -LRB- 8 March 1714 & ndash ; 14 December 1788 -RRB- was a German musician and composer , the second of three sons of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach .
Social and cultural aspects of the Brussels Treaty were handed to the Council of Europe to avoid duplication of responsibilities within Europe .
Mont Ventoux -LRB- in classical norm or in Mistralian norm -RRB- is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
On the February 16 episode of Raw , Shawn Michaels challenged John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield -LRB- JBL -RRB- to a match the following week , with the winner advancing to WrestleMania to challenge The Undertaker to attempt to end his undefeated streak at the event .
Altenburger Land Altkirchen Dobitschen Drogen Göhren Göllnitz Großröda Lumpzig Mehna1 Starkenberg 2 .
Mopti Region is bordered by Tomboctou Region to the north , Ségou Region to the southwest , and Burkina Faso to the southeast .
Russia shares borders with the following countries -LRB- from northwest to southeast -RRB- : Norway , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland -LRB- both via Kaliningrad Oblast -RRB- , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , the People 's Republic of China , Mongolia , and North Korea .
The Cascade Volcanoes -LRB- also known as the Cascade Volcanic Arc or the Cascade Arc -RRB- are a number of volcanoes in a volcanic arc in western North America , extending from southwestern British Columbia through Washington and Oregon to Northern California , a distance of well over 700 mi -LRB- 1,100 km -RRB- .
The Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary , Truro is an Anglican cathedral located in the city of Truro , Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
The German Democratic Republic was proclaimed on 7 October 1949 with the adoption of a new constitution , establishing a political system similar to that of the Soviet Union .
Nepenthes usually produce two types of pitchers , known as leaf dimorphism .
Connochaetes includes two species , both native to Africa : the black wildebeest , or white-tailed gnu -LRB- C. gnou -RRB- , and the blue wildebeest , or brindled gnu -LRB- C. taurinus -RRB- .
Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself , President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices relocated to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901 .
The policy was enacted by the Tokugawa shogunate under Tokugawa Iemitsu through a number of edicts and policies from 1633-1639 and remained in effect until 1853 with the arrival of Commodore Matthew Perry and the opening of Japan .
The Dominican Republic national football team is the national team of Dominican Republic and is controlled by the FederaciÃ n Dominicana de FÃ tbol .
She made her Metropolitan Opera in New York debut in November 1953 as Susanna in Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro and appeared there for only one season -LRB- 1953-54 -RRB- , in five performances of the part of Susanna .
Uruk is eponymous of the Uruk period , the protohistoric Chalcolithic to Early Bronze Age period in the history of Mesopotamia spanning ca .
None of the existing versions of the libretto , printed or manuscript , can be definitively tied to the first performance at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo , the precise date of which is unknown .
Processing is done by general-purpose computers or by digital circuits such as ASICs , field-programmable gate arrays or specialized digital signal processors -LRB- DSP chips -RRB- .
Paulo Sérgio Silvestre do Nascimento -LRB- born 2 June 1969 -RRB- , commonly known as Paulo Sérgio is an former Brazilian footballer .
Calcio Catania is an Italian football club founded in 1908 and based in Catania , Sicily .
Live performances Live performances of '' Fell on Black Days '' can be found on the '' Black Hole Sun '' and '' Fell on Black Days '' singles .
His early childhood years were spent in the village .
Bernay-en-Champagne -LRB- formerly Bernay -RRB- is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Applications The study of pulsars has resulted in many applications in physics and astronomy .
The center of population of Oklahoma is located in Lincoln County , in the town of Sparks -LSB- -RSB- .
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , approximately north west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and is served by Inverurie railway station on the Aberdeen to Inverness Line .
That is to say , there is at least one whole day during which the sun does not set , and at least one whole day during which the sun does not rise .
He spent the balance of his career at Columbia University where he was successively adjunct professor of biology -LRB- 1891 -- 94 -RRB- , professor of invertebrate zoology -LRB- 1894 -- 1897 -RRB- , and professor of zoology -LRB- from 1897 -RRB- .
With this , the town underwent significant industrialization , ultimately becoming a major center for heavy industry and manufacturing .
1944 & ndash ; WWII : 168 captured allied airmen , including Phil Lamason , accused of being '' terror fliers '' , arrive at Buchenwald concentration camp .
As a nightshade , it is closely related to the tomato and potato and is native to India and Sri Lanka .
He later used paint pouring as one of several techniques on canvases of the early 1940s , such as '' Male and Female '' and '' Composition with Pouring I. '' After his move to Springs , he began painting with his canvases laid out on the studio floor , and he developed what was later called his '' drip '' technique .
German TV-Station Bayerischer Rundfunk broadcasts his show Schuhbecks since 1993 .
In June 1961 , Motown issued Gaye 's first album , The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye compromising Gaye 's jazz interests with a couple of R&B songs .
This conversion is known as tin disease or tin pest .
Saint-L Ã on is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Festival in Gøta in July and Summarfestivalurin in Klaksvík in August .
Introducing a new cultivar may mean change in the planting rate , adjusting the planter , harvester , dryer , cleaner , sheller , and method of marketing .
The Nazis left the country on 25 April 1945 .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum -LRB- -LRB- # References -LRB- p -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- is placeholder text -LRB- filler text -RRB- commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout . The lorem ipsum text is typically a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words altered , added and removed that make it nonsensical in meaning and not proper Latin .
Jan JÃ nsson -LRB- born 24 May 1960 -RRB- is a former Swedish football player , currently a football coach for Rosenborg .
HÃ zecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Henry Jaynes Fonda -LRB- May 16 , 1905 -- August 12 , 1982 -RRB- was an American film and stage actor .
The working title of this film during production was Oliver and the Dodger .
The archerfish -LRB- Spinner Fish or Archer Fish -RRB- are a family -LRB- Toxotidae -RRB- of fish known for their habit of preying on land based insects and other small animals by literally shooting them down with water droplets from their specialized mouths .
Eastern Armenia was the portion of Ottoman Armenia and Persian Armenia that was ceded to the Russian Empire following the Russo-Turkish War , 1828-1829 .
Oakland Athletics -LRB- -- -RRB-
Previously they were only available in single DVD ` volumes ' .
Mating takes place in the afternoon to early evening , and egg-laying begins at night .
Rafael Castellín Osuna -LRB-/O1997/O-RRB-
Michael Hordy -LRB- born October 10 , 1956 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played eleven games in the National Hockey League for the New York Islanders .
The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang Dynasty -LRB- ca .
Tangled Up was mostly praised by contemporary music critics upon its release .
He has been usually regarded as one of the greatest thinkers in so-called '' Practical Learning '' -LRB- silhak -RRB- .
D. from Yale University in 1947 .
The Gaelic language remains strong in some areas , the landscapes have inspired a variety of artists , and there is a diversity of wildlife .
Uses Duroplast was used by Eastern European automobile manufacturer VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the mass-produced Trabant motor car .
Most Christians -LRB- Roman Catholics , Eastern Orthodox , Eastern Rite and Protestants alike -RRB- accept the use of creeds , and subscribe to at least one of the creeds mentioned above .
Although the crystal semiconductor diode was popular before the thermionic diode , thermionic and solid state diodes were developed in parallel .
For I do naught that deserves censure , and I care not for what is reported falsely .
Robson revealed on 6 May 2007 that he had been diagnosed with cancer for the fifth time .
Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- Partido Revolucionario Institucional , PRI -RRB- : a center-left party that ascribes to social democracy , founded in 1929 to unite all the factions of the Mexican Revolution .
Sixteen developed out of a strong tropical disturbance off the eastern coast of Nicaragua on October 13 .
M&M 's -LRB- named after the surnames of the company founders -RRB- Inventor of the Week Archive -RRB- are dragée - like '' colorful button-shaped candies '' produced by Mars , Incorporated .
Cormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Ã ric Sylvain Abidal -LRB- born 11 September 1979 -RRB- is a French footballer of Martiniquan descent who currently plays as a left or central defender for FC Barcelona and the French national team .
The previous MP and previous party column shows the MP and party holding the seat at dissolution on 11 April 2005 .
1940 & ndash ; Winter War : Finland signs the Moscow Peace Treaty with the Soviet Union , ceding almost all of Finnish Karelia .
Compatibility FreeBASIC is a successor to the QuickBASIC programming language .
Salt licks Porcupines in search of salt sometimes encroach on human habitats , eating plywood cured with sodium nitrate , certain paints , and tool handles , footwear , clothes and other items that have been coated in salty sweat .
The Missa in Angustiis -LRB- '' Mass for troubled times '' -RRB- or '' Nelson Mass '' -LRB- Hob .
Year 499 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar .
The Paralympic Games are a major international multi-sport event where athletes with a physical disability compete ; this includes athletes with mobility disabilities , amputations , blindness , and Cerebral Palsy .
Hesperornis were preyed upon by large marine carnivores .
Doogal was poorly received by critics , and did poorly in the box-office , grossing $ 7 million dollars and getting 7 % on Rotten Tomatoes .
The reaction forms hydrogen gas and lithium hydroxide in aqueous solution .
A motto may be in any language , but Latin is the most used .
Not all trees have all the plant organs or parts mentioned above .
With the votes split three ways , Courtney was blindsided 3-2-1 .
Although she denies she is experiencing postpartum depression , Jenny exhibits all the symptoms , including a growing impatience with Marley and John , who asks Sebastian to care for the dog when Jenny insists they give him away . She quickly comes to realize he has become an indispensable part of the family and agrees he can stay .
State , for example , what a person is famous for , where a place is located and what it is known for , or the basic details of an event and when it happened .
See also Mario 's Picross , another Picross game made by Nintendo and Jupiter .
A redundant bit may be a complex function of many original information bits .
DrÄ goteÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,630 people .
An album of remixes of tracks from Silent Alarm had also been released at the end of August 2005 in the UK .
Maluku is one of the first provinces of Indonesia , proclaimed in 1945 until 1999 , when the Maluku Utara and Halmahera Tengah Regencies were split off as a separate province of North Maluku .
It is built on the site of a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station , RAF Silverstone , which opened in 1943 .
An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the ICZN recognizes this as the proper authority .
The endorsement test proposed by United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in the 1984 case of Lynch v. Donnelly asks whether a particular government action amounts to an endorsement of religion , thus violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
Hayam Wuruk , Javanese ruler -LRB- d. 1389 -RRB-
April & ndash ; First Barons ' War : Prince Louis of France , the future King Louis VIII , invades England .
Of all the songs in the album , '' Strutter '' , '' Nothin ' to Lose '' , '' Deuce '' , '' Cold Gin '' , '' Black Diamond '' , and '' 100,000 Years '' remain as permanent staples in the band 's shows throughout the years .
Peace Corps After completing her medical internship , Jemison joined the staff of the Peace Corps and served as a Peace Corps Medical Officer from 1983 to 1985 responsible for the health of Peace Corps Volunteers serving in Liberia and Sierra Leone .
For this reason , the lines were electrified at 630 V DC fourth rail , the electricity being generated at the LNWR 's power station in Stonebridge Park .
The covalent radius , rcov , is a measure of the size of an atom that forms part of one covalent bond .
Generally , surface water works its way down to an average depth of around where it contacts hot rocks .
King 's Lynn is the third largest settlement in Norfolk , after the city of Norwich and the town of Great Yarmouth .
Irreducible Mind : Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 book by Edward F. Kelly , Emily Williams Kelly , Adam Crabtree , Alan Gauld , Michael Grosso , and Bruce Greyson .
Retrieved 28 April 2010 .
Later organizational changes , the latest of which was in 1975 , added the towns of Lünen , Schwerte , Selm and Werne to form the district as it is today .
He also wrote introductions to compilations and many articles and translated several books from German to English .
For sub-national entities called states , see Federated state .
Applications GMR has been used extensively in the read heads in modern hard drives and magnetic sensors .
In February 1909 , Rasputin sent the imperial children a telegram , advising them to '' Love the whole of God 's nature , the whole of His creation in particular this earth .
The village itself was totally destroyed by fire .
For the language , see M ori language .
He was the eldest son of Cleopatra VII , and the only known son of Julius Caesar , for whom he was named .
Smil , V/O. The Earth 's Biosphere : Evolution , Dynamics , and Change , p. 269
Henry VII -LRB- ; 28 January 1457 -- 21 April 1509 -RRB- was King of England and Lord of Ireland from his seizing the crown on 22 August 1485 until his death on 21 April 1509 , as the first monarch of the House of Tudor .
177 , 1874 : '' The long rock-inscription of Hamamât . ''
Theognis seems to be hinting at a myth in which the jar contained blessings rather than evils .
Modern taiko was established in 1951 by Daihachi Oguchi .
The UBE -LRB- Unrecoverable Bit Error -RRB- rate is typically specified at 1 bit in 1015 for enterprise class disk drives -LRB- SCSI , FC , SAS -RRB- , and 1 bit in 1014 for desktop class disk drives -LRB- IDE/ATA/PATA , SATA -RRB- .
The Republic of Macedonia national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Macedonia and is controlled by the Football Federation of Macedonia .
Geography It is situated in the northeast of Berlin .
Her mind is put at ease by the playing of the children , and their singing of the nursery rhyme '' Tom , Tom , the Piper 's Son '' .
Military chocolate has been a part of standard United States military ration since the original Ration D or D ration bar of 1937 .
Many people know Reims for its cathedral , Notre-Dame de Reims , formerly the place of coronation of the kings of France .
Indian almond or Tropical almond , also known as the Umbrella tree
This is best documented among Osage and Quapaw Indian tribes of Missouri and Arkansas .
Elemental sulfur crystals are commonly sought after by mineral collectors for their brightly colored polyhedron shapes .
This is a dimensionless quantity -LRB- i.e. , a pure number , without units -RRB- equal to the molar mass divided by the molar mass constant .
Measurements are from recent imagery , generally supplemented with Russian 1:200,000 scale topographic mapping as well as Jerzy Wala , Orographical Sketch Map : Karakoram : Sheets 1 & 2 , Swiss Foundation for Alpine Research , Zurich , 1990 .
He began writing in 1967 .
Kepler 's mathematics , cosmological , philosophical and historical views have been extensively analyzed in books and journal articles , though his astrological work -- and its relationship to his astronomy -- remains understudied .
The actual phyllogenetic position of Westlothiania is uncertain , reflecting the uncertainty of labyrinthodont phylogeny in general .
Danish Prabha Shanker Kaneria -LRB- born 16 December 1980 , Karachi , Pakistan -RRB- , is a Pakistani cricketer -LRB- leg spin bowler -RRB- . Danish Kaneria has continued the tradition of great Pakistani leg spin bowlers and possesses a very well disguised googly .
Historically the county town was Abingdon , but in 1867 the town of Reading -- by then much larger -- superseded Abingdon in this role . In 1974 local government reorganisation moved Abingdon and several other north-west Berkshire towns into Oxfordshire .
John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough , Prince of Mindelheim , KG , PC -LRB- 26 May 1650 -- 16 June 1722 -RRB- -LRB- O. S -RRB- , was an English soldier and statesman whose career spanned the reigns of five monarchs through the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Cheeks -LRB- -RRB- constitute the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear .
TAM â '' TÃ xi AÃ reo MarÃ lia and TAM â '' Transportes AÃ reos Regionais were two different entities , although both belonged to the TAM Group .
'' If a part of the measure that is usually unstressed is accented , the rhythm is considered to be syncopated . ''
In 1969 , Sheldon wrote his first novel , The Naked Face , which earned him a nomination for the Edgar Allan Poe Award from the Mystery Writers of America in the category of Best First Novel .
Monty Burns , Homer 's greedy , evil boss
Repentance -LRB- song -RRB- , a song by Dream Theater
In Dead Like Me , the Grim Reaper is actually many '' Grim Reapers '' .
She won the first Women 's World Championship in 1927 and successfully defended her title six times in every other championship in her lifetime , and only lost one game , while winning 78 and drawing four games .
Some disk systems provide the capability of testing the battery periodically , however this leaves the system without a fully charged battery for several hours .
Babri Mosque was the subject of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was demolished .
Neither request can be satisfied , so a deadlock occurs .
The town grew after the nation 's administrative centre moved from Bremersdorp -LRB- now called Manzini -RRB- in 1902 .
Since the introduction of the Smoking Ban in 2006 , slogans such as these are no longer needed .
Members of the genus Bison are large even-toed ungulates within the subfamily Bovinae .
Gale : 1987 ISBN : 081034419X pg 11 French novelist , playwright , poet , essayist , and political activist .
The station consists of four platforms , with two in an island format .
For the similar Latin American channel , see Warner Channel .
Dilawar Khan establishes the Malwa Sultanate in present-day northern India .
Typically , a cryptosystem consists of three algorithms : one for key generation , one for encryption , and one for decryption .
Crawford Wilson -LRB- born June 19 , 1990 -RRB- is an American actor and voice actor , from Memphis , Tennessee .
August & ndash ; The iconic painting The Black Madonna of Czestochowa is brought from Jerusalem to the Jasna Góra monastery in Poland .
The tool is by default included in all releases after Ubuntu 8.04 , and can be installed on Ubuntu 8.04 .
Derbyshire -LRB- or -RRB- is a county in the East Midlands of England .
It is in the eleventh and twelfth centuries that the first indications of devotion to the Sacred Heart are found .
It is located in Baltistan , in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan , and runs through part of the Karakoram mountain range .
Cafiero spent over a year in Italy as a representative of Marx and Engels to hinder the influence of anarchism .
Following December to Dismember , Heyman was relieved from both his on and off air duties with World Wrestling Entertainment .
To make things worse , their flint is still underwater after their boat capsized while paddling to their new beach .
This template automatically creates the hidden for sorting purposes and then displays the date like this : July 4 , 1776 .
In 2007 the surviving members -LRB- not including Glen Matlock -RRB- re-recorded '' Anarchy in the U.K. '' for the video game Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock because the masters could not be found .
Disney Brings Its Own Miis , Achievements To The Nintendo DS All subsequent Disney Interactive Studios DS games are expected to include DGamer features .
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Southampton Island is part of the Kivalliq Region in Nunavut , Canada .
Originally , the term gingerbread -LRB- from Latin zingiber via Old French gingebras -RRB- referred to preserved ginger .
While the History concentrates on the military aspects of the Peloponnesian War , it uses these events as a medium to suggest several other themes closely related to the war .
finance .
Microplate Readers -LRB- also known as Plate readers -RRB- are laboratory instruments designed to detect biological , chemical or physical events of samples in microtiter plates .
The value of 6.6 kg indicates a density of 1.3 Â 0.3 g\/cm3 .
Olympia is the capital city of the U.S. state of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County .
An old stand was demolished in April 1979 and a two-tiered replacement , costing Â # 1.7 m , was completed in December 1979 .
Cultural aspects The bat is sacred in Tonga and West Africa and is often considered the physical manifestation of a separable soul .
Late on October 12 , while the disturbance was situated well to the southwest of Puerto Rico , the National Hurricane Center -LRB- NHC -RRB- noted the possibility for tropical development once unfavorable winds subsided .
Helensburgh F.C. were a Scottish football club based in Helensburgh , a member of the Scottish Football League Third Division .
Like CD-R , CD-RW have hardcoded speed specifications which limit the allowable recording speeds to certain fairly restrictive ranges , but unlike the former they also have a minimum writing speed under which the disks can not be reliably recorded , something dictated by the phase change material 's heating and cooling time constants , and the required laser energy levels .
The 45 km-long road from Pir Baba -LRB- RA -RRB- to Barikot passes through Mount Ilam rising through mature pine forests to Karakar Pass .
The Essjay controversy related to a prominent Wikipedia administrator and salaried Wikia employee , Essjay -LRB- later self-identified as Ryan Jordan -RRB- .
St. Louis Rams -LRB- -- -RRB-
Clegg 's first major elected position was as a Member of the European Parliament -LRB- MEP -RRB- for the East Midlands from 1999 to 2004 .
Madona is a town with town rights in the Vidzeme region of Latvia and is the center of the Madona municipality .
Michael J. Fox -LRB- born June 9 , 1961 -RRB- is a Canadian-American actor , author and voice over artist .
The Nazi leadership was concerned over this because they wanted German women to be as reproductive as possible .
The present-day territory was created in June 1870 , when the Hudson 's Bay Company transferred Rupert 's Land and North-Western Territory to the government of Canada .
Iris continued to the west and intensified . After passing just south of Jamaica , Iris reached Category 4 hurricane strength , and made landfall near Monkey River Town , Belize on October 9 at Category 4 strength , but weakened rapidly .
Caligula is a 1979 Italian\/American biographical film directed by Tinto Brass , with additional scenes filmed by Giancarlo Lui and Penthouse founder Bob Guccione .
Formed in 1992 , Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums .
Currently , the largest known supergiants in terms of physical size , not mass , brightness or luminosity , are the supergiants KY Cygni , and Cephei -LRB- the Garnet Star -RRB- .
Founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator , one of Alexander the Great 's generals , Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was a cradle of gentile Christianity .
Zak Starkey , -LRB- born 13 September 1965 -RRB- is an English drummer , well-known as the first child of The Beatles drummer Ringo Starr -LRB- Richard Starkey -RRB- and his first wife Maureen Cox .
The Corrs ' music is typically categorised as folk rock .
From 1964 to 1979 the RPO was engaged by Decca Records to record the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
A sequel , Wario Land II , was later released , with the character Captain Syrup returning as the antagonist .
The Feldkirch Poetry Award , in German Feldkircher Lyrikpreis , started by Erika Kronabitter , an Austrian artist and writer , is granted annually by the theater Theater am Saumarkt in Feldkirch , Vorarlberg\/Austria .
Individuals born when the Sun was in this sign are considered Pisceans .
Differences with Debian The major differences between this distribution and basic Debian are a custom kernel with realtime patches applied , some pre-configuration and a custom package selection designed to meet the needs of creative desktop users .
On the night of the 25th he was able to procure a musket , and survived for a few days by robbing gardens and taking the food of Aboriginals after frightening them away with his gun .
Fundamental concepts One nanometer -LRB- nm -RRB- is one billionth , or 10 & minus ; 9 , of a meter .
Edinburgh is made the capital of Scotland .
Le Bouscat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1992 , Pearl Jam made television appearances on Saturday Night Live and MTV Unplugged and took a slot on that summer 's Lollapalooza tour with the Red Hot Chili Peppers , Soundgarden , and Ministry , among others .
His parents , who were farmers , died when McDowell was a youth .
In mathematics , an inequality is a statement about the relative size or order of two objects , or about whether they are the same or not -LRB- See also : equality -RRB- .
However , in 1852 , John Russell Hind wrote that '' it is universally termed Hygeia , the unnecessary appendage ` Borbonica ' being dropped . ''
Nobel Prize laureates affiliated with the institute include Max von Laue -LRB-/O1914/O-RRB- , Fritz Haber -LRB-/O1918/O-RRB- , James Franck -LRB-/O1925/O-RRB- , Otto Hahn -LRB-/O1944/O-RRB- , Eugene Wigner -LRB-/O1963/O-RRB- , Ernst Ruska -LRB-/O1986/O-RRB- , Gerhard Ertl -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- .
The most spectacular edifice is Bridge 22 - the brick-built Chelfham Viaduct .
St. Lucie County is a county located in the state of Florida .
After entering the Western Pacific , the cyclone encountered a more favorable environment , resulting in Paka 's rapid intensification .
Super OS -LRB- formerly : Super Ubuntu -RRB- is a freely-available Linux distribution .
You may want to embark on an effort to fill the related categories with appropriate articles if this has not been done already -LRB- or add it to the portal 's '' todo '' list so visitors can help out -RRB- .
The 1951 -- 52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League .
A G-string -LRB- alternatively gee-string or gee string -RRB- is a type of underwear , a narrow piece of cloth , leather , or plastic , that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips , worn as swimwear or underwear by women and men .
Campello is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The show has had other names and other presenters , as detailed below .
Michael Gerard '' Mike '' Tyson -LRB- born June 30 , 1966 -RRB- is an American boxer .
Porpoises -LRB- also called mereswine -RRB- are small cetaceans of the family Phocoenidae ; they are related to whales and dolphins .
The shell Nautiluses are the sole living cephalopods whose bony structure of the body is externalized as a shell .
After Iceland granted him citizenship , the Japanese authorities released him to that country , where he lived until his death in 2008 .
It is the third book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
Robert T. Bakker made A. yahnahpin the type species of a new genus , Eobrontosaurus in 1998 , so it is now properly Eobrontosaurus yahnahpin .
'' List of Oscars won in 1940 '' .
Many compositions include acoustic guitar interludes and strong dynamic shifts , as well as both growling and clean vocals .
Sinclair wrote the novel to highlight the plight of the working class and to show the corruption of the American meatpacking industry during the early-20th century .
The large seeded Virginia Group peanuts are grown in the following US states : Virginia , North Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , New Mexico , Oklahoma , and parts of Georgia .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Sanghar - Government of Pakistan It is one of the agriculture town situated approximately 265 km from Karachi city .
The Kuwait National Football Team is the national team of Kuwait and is controlled by the Kuwait Football Association .
Chaillevois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown , and ECW brands .
It borders to the municipalities of Ellezelles -LRB- to the west -RRB- and Lessines -LRB- to the east -RRB- in the same province and to Brakel in the province of East Flanders , on the other side of the language border .
Bihor -LRB- ; -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in Cri ana , with capital city at Oradea .
Canadian Tire Corporation , Limited -LRB- -RRB- is one of Canada 's 35 largest publicly traded companies and operates an inter-related network of businesses engaged in retailing -LRB- hardgoods , apparel and petroleum -RRB- and services -LRB- financial and automotive -RRB- .
I really was not preparing myself for the future at all .
Saint-Cyr-du-Ronceray is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Many authorities consider him to have been the greatest attacking Grandmaster of all time .
From the 14th century it was a possession of Florence and the Grand Duchy of Tuscany until the unification of Italy in 1860 .
ISBN 0-486-41703-4 by Milton Sirotta -LRB- 1929 -- 1980 -RRB- , nephew of American mathematician Edward Kasner , when he was nine years old .
During this time it had moved east , then northeast , and then northwest .
The second match was the Money in the Bank ladder match between Rob Van Dam -LRB- RVD -RRB- , Shelton Benjamin , Ric Flair , Finlay , Bobby Lashley and Matt Hardy .
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
Aigues-Vives is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
No Way Out -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on February 15 , 2009 at the KeyArena in Seattle , Washington .
Damageplan was an American heavy metal supergroup from Dallas , Texas that formed in 2003 .
According to the 1421 theory , Zheng He 's fleets return to China .
The Games are regulated by Asian Games Federation -LRB- AGF -RRB- since the first Games in New Delhi , India until 1978 Games and commenced by Olympic Council of Asia -LRB- OCA -RRB- since 1982 after the dissolved of Asian Games Federation .
Since 2004 , Polish Flag Day is celebrated on May 2 .
If you disagree : Anyone except a page 's creator may contest the speedy deletion of a page by removing the deletion notice from the page .
Dolignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
You tried to edit a section that does not exist .
The Secretary of War headed the war department throughout its existence .
Saral is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Some developers also specialize in certain types of games , such as computer role-playing games or first-person shooters .
Back up an entire system , including user data , to an installable Live CD/DVD .
Other words Other English words can be used to make grammatical sentences of this form , containing many consecutive repetitions .
Later , it assumed the name of Staffordshire Bull Terrier in England . These dogs began to find their way into America as early as 1870 , where they became known as the Pit Dog and Pit Bull Terrier , then the American Bull Terrier , and still later as the Yankee Terrier .
London Luton Airport -LRB- previously called Luton International Airport -RRB- is an international airport located east of the town center in the Borough of Luton in Bedfordshire , England and is north of Central London .
At mid-century , Claudin de Sermisy and Clément Janequin were composers of so-called Parisian chansons , which also abandoned the formes fixes and were in a simpler , more homophonic style , sometimes featuring music that was meant to be evocative of certain imagery .
The first main survey of the Hundred Rolls , an English census seen as a follow up to the Domesday Book completed in 1086 , is finished ; it began in 1274 .
On January 27 , the team admitted that they may not be able to participate in the 2010 winter testing season at all and that their second driver may not be announced until the eve of their first race .
It is a classic example of the Gothic style of Normandy in its use of long straight vertical lines .
Partly from fear of losing her passport should she return to the USA , she settled permanently in China until her death in 1970 , publishing a '' Letter from China . ''
Established in 1538 , Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo -LRB- UASD -RRB- is the oldest university in the New World and is also the only public university in the city .
Born Mary Therese Winifred Bourke in Ballina , County Mayo , in 1944 , she is the daughter of two medical doctors .
Robert Mario De Niro , Jr. -LRB- born August 17 , 1943 -RRB- is an American actor , director , and producer .
Joanna Noëlle Blagden Levesque -LRB- born December 20 , 1990 -RRB- , professionally known as JoJo , is an American pop and R&B singer -- songwriter and actress .
The station is located adjacent to the Caulfield campus of Monash University , as well as Caulfield Racecourse .
Method Methods of unsafe abortion include : Trying to break the amniotic sac inside the womb with a sharp stick or wire -LRB- for example a clothes hanger -RRB- .
Although STE is regulated for use in the aerospace industry , other industries have used it as a basis for developing their own controlled English standards .
On 8 January 1825 they came to the end of their provisions , and for a few days subsisted on fish and a kangaroo they were able to shoot .
Late on July 17 , however , convection increased in association with the low , and the system quickly became better organized .
Newsweek used one of Winston Smith 's statements to argue that the rise in popularity of white nationalism and supremacy is due to the combination of the late-2000s recession and the election of a black president .
He defeated Matt Bentley in his first match , and over the following weeks , Kozlov would go on to easily win several matches , first against local talent and then established names including Colin Delaney , Funaki , Nunzio , Shannon Moore , Jimmy Wang Yang , Jamie Noble , and Domino .
On the day of her death she was reported to have held hands with her twin brother as she walked to her death .
The Suite Life of Zack and Cody In 2005 , Song got the role of the spoiled heiress London Tipton in the Disney Channel Original Series , The Suite Life of Zack & Cody .
Daughtry was born in Roanoke Rapids , North Carolina , and raised in Lasker , North Carolina , until he was 14 .
The two largest , Jupiter and Saturn , are composed mainly of hydrogen and helium ; the two outermost planets , Uranus and Neptune , are composed largely of ices , such as water , ammonia and methane , and are often referred to separately as '' ice giants '' .
They are descendants of the Trojan prince and refugee Aeneas , and are fathered by the god Mars or the demi-god Hercules on a royal Vestal Virgin , Rhea Silvia -LRB- also known as Ilia -RRB- , whose uncle exposes them to die in the wild .
Sainte-C Ã cile-les-Vignes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Hurricanes Kathleen , Liza , and Madeline were the most notable storms this year .
In May 1745 , Le Breton announced the work as available for sale , but to his dismay , Mills had not done the work he was commissioned to do ; in fact , he could barely read and write French and did not even own a copy of Cyclopaedia .
The largest percentage at 36.9 % make between $ 15,000 and $ 24,999 per year .
It was disappointing at the box office , opening outside the Top 10 at # 12 with $ 2.64 million for its first weekend , grossing less than $ 7 million overall during its entire theatrical run .
Under the Windows operating system , a file is regarded as a text file if the suffix of the name of the file -LRB- the '' extension '' -RRB- is '' txt '' .
Characteristics of Fraktur are :
Peter -LRB- Pyotr -RRB- Alexeyevich Kropotkin -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- 9 December , 1842 - 8 February , 1921 -RRB- was a geographer , a zoologist , and one of Russia 's foremost anarchists .
July 18 & ndash ; Tokhtamysh-Timur War : Battle of the Kondurcha River & ndash ; Timur defeats Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde in present day southeast Russia .
By 1982 , Iraq was on the defensive and looking for ways to end the war .
The genus contains about 450 species , which are found mostly in the cooler areas of the Northern Hemisphere , although there are tropical species from areas as widely separated as Madagascar and Hawaii .
Archivists tend to prefer the term ` archives ' -LRB- with an S -RRB- as the correct terminology to serve as both the singular and plural , since ` archive , ' as a noun or a verb , has meanings related to computer science .
Mount Price , formerly known as Red Mountain , is a dormant stratovolcano located on the western shore of Garibaldi Lake in Garibaldi Provincial Park , about north of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Adiabatic compression or expansion more closely model real life when a compressor has good insulation , a large gas volume , or a short time scale -LRB- i.e. , a high power level -RRB- .
Abu Thabid II is succeeded in the same year by his brother , Abul Hadjdjadj I. Konrad von Jungingen succeeds Konrad von Wallenrode as Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights .
The Egyptian government continues to be controlled by rebel leader Berkuk .
The PasiphaÃ '' group is believed to have been formed when Jupiter captured an asteroid which subsequently broke up after a collision .
The National Air and Space Museum -LRB- NASM -RRB- of the Smithsonian Institution is a museum in Washington , D.C. , United States , and is the most popular of the Smithsonian museums .
Crémarest is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They were built by Metropolitan-Vickers in 1953 â '' 1954 for use over the Woodhead Line between Manchester and Sheffield .
The album features performances by Kirk Hammett , Chubb Rock , Chali 2na , Mos Def , Damian Marley , and Adam Levine .
Peter Fechter -LRB- 14 January 1944 & ndash ; 17 August 1962 -RRB- was a German bricklayer from Berlin in what became East Germany in 1945 , who , at the age of eighteen , became one of the first victims of the Berlin Wall 's border guards while trying to cross over to what was then West Berlin .
The piece was a winner of the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art 's '' Awards in the Visual Arts '' competition , which is sponsored in part by the National Endowment for the Arts , a United States Government agency that offers support and funding for artistic projects .
Jean FrÃ dÃ ric Bazille -LRB- December 6 , 1841 â '' November 28 , 1870 -RRB- was a French Impressionist painter whose major works often foreground the figure within a landscape painted en plein air .
'' A current list of liberal democracies includes : Andorra , Argentina , ... , Cyprus , ... , Israel , ... '' The Prime Minister serves as head of government and the Knesset serves as Israel 's legislative body .
Under the command of the Pir of Plasi Mohammed Ali Shah , they had fought against the Sikh Army in Balakot - the troops here were commanded by Seyed Shah Ismail Shahid and Syed Ahmad Shaheed -LRB- known as '' The Martyrs '' -RRB- .
Mythology In Greek mythology , Sagittarius is identified as a centaur , half human , half horse .
It is also the capital of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity , as well as the center of the Sarajevo Canton .
Elettaria -LRB- commonly called cardamom , green cardamom , or true cardamom -RRB- is distributed from India to Malaysia .
Its name means '' Hill of Elsa Valley '' , where '' Elsa '' is the name of the river which crosses it .
These movements are together referred to as the Radical Reformation .
Atlanta , Georgia , United States
1920 & ndash ; The first commercial radio station , 8MK -LRB- WWJ -RRB- , begins operations in Detroit , Michigan .
Before entering West Point , Poe moved back to Baltimore for a time , to stay with his widowed aunt Maria Clemm , her daughter , Virginia Eliza Clemm -LRB- Poe 's first cousin -RRB- , his brother Henry , and his invalid grandmother Elizabeth Cairnes Poe .
Its capital is Lilongwe , the second largest city is Blantyre .
Elsewhere , Hurricane Rosa caused several casualties in Mexico as the basin 's lone landfalling tropical storm or hurricane .
James '' Jim '' -LRB- or '' Jimmy '' -RRB- Clark , Jr. . OBE -LRB- 4 March 1936 â '' 7 April 1968 -RRB- was a British Formula One racing driver from Scotland , who won two World Championships , in 1963 and 1965 .
Seguin competed for Canada at the 2009 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament in the Czech Republic , where he led the team in scoring with ten points in four games as Canada won the gold medal .
Fercé-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
He is known as '' the Younger '' to distinguish him from his father , William Pitt the Elder , who previously served as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Here are the rules of Brahmagupta : The sum of zero and a negative number is negative .
Soon , the emissive layer becomes negatively charged , while the conductive layer becomes rich in positively charged holes .
This is because abstract concepts elicit greater brain activity in the inferior frontal gyrus and middle temporal gyrus compared to concrete concepts when concrete concepts elicit greater activity in the posterior cingulate , precuneus , fusiform gyrus , and parahippocampal gyrus .
Dobrogea Wind Farm is a large wind power project in the Dobrogea region , Romania .
Digital forms of emoticons on the Internet were included in a proposal by Scott Fahlman of Carnegie Mellon University in a message on 19 September 1982 .
In the 2007 NBA Draft , he was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks as the sixth overall pick .
Together with the peripheral nervous system it has a fundamental role in the control of behavior .
BÃ 1\/4 nzen is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Bedford is a city in Trimble County , Kentucky , United States .
For subtractive combination of colors , as in mixing of pigments or dyes , such as in printing , the primaries normally used are cyan , magenta , and yellow , though the set of red , yellow , blue is popular among artists .
They are currently managed by ex-Airdrieonians player and former Airdrie United Under 19s coach Jimmy Boyle .
Another large steppe area -LRB- prairie -RRB- is located in the central United States and western Canada .
Evolène is a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
It celebrated its centenary on 31 October 2003 .
John Winston Howard , AC -LRB- born 26 July 1939 -RRB- was the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from 11 March 1996 to 3 December 2007 .
During 1909-1922 the London and North Western Railway embarked on a project to electrify their London inner-suburban network , encompassing the lines from London Euston to Watford and the North London Railway from London Broad Street to Richmond , including branch lines such as Watford to Croxley Green -LRB- where a depot was built to house the electric units -RRB- , and links to what was to become the London Underground network .
After the dark match , the pay-per-view event began with an in-ring segment featuring Raw General Manager William Regal and WWE Chairman Vince McMahon , who awarded the WWE Championship to Randy Orton due to John Cena 's injury , which had caused Cena to vacate the title .
Karl Georg BÃ 1\/4 chner -LRB- 17 October 1813 -- 19 February 1837 -RRB- was a German dramatist and writer of prose .
T. cerrejonensis
Her press secretary from 1963 to 1969 was Liz Carpenter , a fellow University of Texas alumna .
Thá há '' 9X -LRB- literally meaning 9X Generation , often referred to simply as 9X -RRB- is a Vietnamese term used to describe people born during the 1990s .
It was launched in 1983 , and research and development ran until June 30 , 1991 , eight years after it began .
Holden is an Australian subsidiary of General Motors .
Roasting is suitable for slower cooking of meat in a larger , whole piece .
Dixon is a city in Lee County , Illinois , United States .
If two teams tie for the most points , then the trophy goes to the team with the most wins .
Public basilicas begin to appear in Hellenistic cities in the 2nd century BC .
Henry IV -LRB- 13 December 1553 â '' 14 May 1610 -RRB- was King of France from 1589 to 1610 and King of Navarre from 1572 to 1610 .
The story is a favourite of Kipling fans and is notable for its frightening and serious tone .
Although called treeshrews , they are not true shrews -LRB- although they were previously classified in the Insectivora -RRB- , and not all species are necessarily arboreal .
A multimeter or a multitester , also known as a volt/ohm meter or VOM , is an electronic measuring instrument that combines several measurement functions in one unit .
To unite Kashmiri Muslims on a common platform was an enormous task in the wake of the deep variance in the political thinking of Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah and Mir Waiz Mohammed Yusuf Shah who parted ways towards the end of the first session .
Werder Bremen is a German sports club best known for its football team playing in Bremen , in the northwest German federal state of the same name .
Lee Kuan Yew , GCMG , CH -LRB- English name : Harry , ; POJ : LÃ Kong-i Ä u ; born 16 September 1923 ; also Lee Kwan-Yew -RRB- is a Singaporean statesman .
It is bordered by Syria to the north and east , and Israel to the south .
Before the Cuban Revolution of 1959 , the Carnivals of Guantanamo were famous in Cuba .
The Fabia was available in hatchback , estate -LRB- named Fabia Combi -RRB- and saloon -LRB- named Fabia Sedan -RRB- body styles while from 2007 merging in the second generation starting with hatchback and awaiting the new estate version .
Originally called Ville-Marie , or '' City of Mary '' , the city takes its present name from Mont-Royal , Mount Royal Park - Montreal 's Mount Royal Park or Parc du Mont-Royal the triple-peaked hill located in the heart of the city , whose name was also initially given to the island on which the city is located , or Mont Réal as it was spelled in Middle French , -LRB- Mont Royal in present French -RRB- .
José Carlos de Almeida , best known as Zé Carlos -LRB- born in Presidente Bernardes , São Paulo State , November 14 , 1968 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer .
Bruno Kreisky -LRB- January 22 1911 July 29 1990 -RRB- served as Chancellor of Austria from 1970 to 1983 .
bartleby.com , American Heritage Dictionary , Violence , Retrieved January 8 , 2009 .
Gager -LRB-/O1992/O-RRB- p. 18 They are sometimes discovered along with small dolls or figurines -LRB- sometimes inaccurately referred to as '' Voodoo dolls '' See e.g. Faraone in Magika Hiera -LRB-/O1991/O-RRB- , p. 4 etc. -RRB- , which may also be pierced by nails .
Web of the City -LRB- originally published as Rumble -RRB- is the first novel written by author Harlan Ellison .
1803 & ndash ; Joseph Paxton , English gardener -LRB- d. 1865 -RRB-
The next year , when James Francis Edward was expelled and Louise Mary died of smallpox , Mary was very upset ; according to Mary 's close friend Madame de Maintenon , Mary was '' a model of desolation '' .
June 11 & ndash ; King Wladislaus II of Poland
It is a non-profit organization open to people who score at the 98th percentile or higher on a standardized , supervised IQ or other approved intelligence test .
Between 1970 and 1973 , he was the principal conductor of the Vienna Symphony .
Villemontoire is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
1933 & ndash ; Jean-Paul Belmondo , French actor
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
The track was officially opened on 3 September 1922 , with the maiden race the second Italian Grand Prix held on 10 September 1922 .
After signing with Reprise , the band went to work on recording its major label debut , Dookie .
Formerly one of the four largest lakes of the world with an area of , the Aral Sea has been steadily shrinking since the 1960s after the rivers that fed it were diverted by Soviet Union irrigation projects .
In seed plants , the ovule is the structure that gives rise to and contains the female reproductive cells .
The speaker moves in accordance with the variations of an electrical signal and causes sound waves to propagate through a medium such as air or water .
2 and two may mean :
His first major success here was LodoÃ ska -LRB- 1791 -RRB- which was admired for its realistic heroism .
When Simon Mayo left Radio 1 for Radio Five Live in February 2001 , Whiley 's show was moved to a mid morning slot .
It has long , pointed ears and a squared-off muzzle .
Schwarzenegger began weight-training at 15 .
Saxe-Eisenach assumed its final shape in 1672 , following the death of Frederick William III of Saxe-Altenburg and the partition of his lands .
Sri Yukteswar Giri -LRB- also spelled Sriyukteswar Giri and Sriyukteshvar Giri -RRB- -LRB- May 10 , 1855-March 9 , 1936 -RRB- is the monastic name of Priyanath Karar -LRB- also Preonath Karar -RRB- , the guru of Paramahansa Yogananda .
The original family name was spelled Greig , originally from Scotland .
The first two were Buddhist Rajputs and the last two Hindu Brahmins .
The magnetic flux is thus the integral of the magnetic vector field B over a surface , and the electric flux is defined similarly .
The lake is used for fishing and recreation , but suffered from some environmental degradation from Soviet era agriculture .
It is part of the Sioux City , IA & ndash ; NE & ndash ; SD Metropolitan Statistical Area .
In China street vendors sell roasted silkworm pupae .
He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1870 , serving from 1871 to 1879 .
Recently , Brian Jacques has been working with illustrator Alexi Natchev on a series of short picture books :
The rest of the soundtrack includes various R&B tracks , including remakes of the Kool and the Gang classic '' Jungle Boogie '' by artist French , and two instrumental pieces from film composer Don Harper .
She is the second woman elected to the United States Congress from Oklahoma and the first since 1921 when Alice Mary Robertson was elected to Congress and served for one term from 1921 to 1923 .
The only secondary road in the town , the B1007 , passes from just south of the town center as Laindon Road , meets the A129 at Sun Corner and then continues northwards as Billericay 's High Street and then Stock Road .
See also Horse hoof Commons : Horse hoof Claw of Archimedes External links The Horse 's Hoof Anatomy Rat 's Claws , also explains much about mammalian claws in general .
2000 & ndash ; Off the coast of Ivory Coast , Kenya Airways Flight 431 crashes into the Atlantic Ocean , killing 169 .
The site was launched on Labor Day , Monday , September 4 , 1995 , under the more prosaic title of '' Auction Web '' ; it was hosted on a site Omidyar had created for information on the ebola virus .
Wadi Mashi
In the 12th century , local government agencies called '' waterschappen '' -LRB- English '' water bodies '' -RRB- or '' hoogheemraadschappen '' -LRB- '' high home councils '' -RRB- started to appear , whose job it was to maintain the water level and to protect a region from floods .
In the chapter '' King 's Cross '' , Dumbledore 's spirit tells Harry that when Voldemort failed to kill baby Harry and disembodied himself , Harry became an unintentional Horcrux ; Harry could not kill Voldemort while the Dark Lord 's soul shard was within Harry 's body .
The Four Corners Area is generally defined as a circle around the Four Corners Monument located at .
Pedro Martínez de la Rosa -LRB- born 24 February 1971 in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain -RRB- is a Formula One driver who drove for the Sauber team in 2010 until being replaced by Nick Heidfeld on September 14 before the Singapore Grand Prix .
Renal failure or kidney failure -LRB- formerly called renal insufficiency or chronic renal insufficiency -RRB- describes a medical condition in which the kidneys fail to adequately filter toxins and waste products from the blood .
A year after winning the 2008 Australian Grand Prix from pole position , Hamilton started the season-opening from 18th place on the grid after the McLaren team incurred a penalty for changing his malfunctioning gearbox during qualifying .
She is one of the few dancers or actresses who can say that they have danced with Gene Kelly , Fred Astaire , Mikhail Baryshnikov , and Rudolf Nureyev .
Undated Orthodox Patriarch Meletius I of Alexandria succeeds Silvester .
Liverpool is a joint European Capital of Culture for 2008 .
Chengdu , Suining , Nanchong , Dazhou , Ya'an , Abazhou , and Liangshan all saw an increase of more than 40 percent while Leshan , Neijiang , Luzhou , Meishan , Ziyang , and Yibin saw an increase of more than 20 percent .
The design of the apartments has also been enhanced to make them more aesthetically attractive and functionally superior . ''
Vernon Castle -LRB- 2 May 1887 - 15 February 1918 -RRB- was born William Vernon Blyth in Norwich , Norfolk , England .
Piero Gobetti -LRB- June 19 , 1901 -- February 15 , 1926 -RRB- was an Italian journalist , intellectual and radical liberal .
It should be noted that despite the genre 's title , the end result of a harem series is never an actual harem , i.e. the main character never enters a long-term relationship with all the harem members .
In 1994 , Rabin won the Nobel Peace Prize together with Shimon Peres and Yasser Arafat .
Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Their first child , Cayden Wyatt Costner , was born on May 6 , 2007 at a Los Angeles hospital .
It was written by lead vocalist Raine Maida .
IAUC 8116 : Satellites of Jupiter and Saturn 2003 April -LRB- discovery -RRB- MPEC 2003-G17 : S\/2003 J 15 2003 April -LRB- discovery and ephemeris -RRB-
Red and white are the colours of the city coat of arms , and black and white the colours of Prussia .
Biennials that are grown for edible leaves or roots are grown as annuals , e.g. beets , Brussels sprouts , cabbage , carrots , celery , lettuce , parsley , and Swiss chard .
During his time as team principal , Stoddart campaigned for reduced costs in the sport .
In 1911 Seyss-Inquart met Gertrud Maschka .
populationof = popofyear =
The most common threats to the animal in Australia are motorised vehicles and habitat destruction , which have led to localised extinction .
Elliott Cook Carter , Jr. -LRB- born December 11 , 1908 -RRB- is a two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning American composer born and living in New York City .
Mauve in human culture Decade nostalgia The 1890s were sometimes referred to as the '' Mauve Decade '' , because William Henry Perkin 's aniline dye mauveine allowed the widespread use of that color in fashion .
Near the end of the war , abolitionists were concerned that while the Proclamation had freed most slaves as a war measure , it had not made slavery illegal .
Although this biome is correctly named Taiga , the term Boreal forest is usually used to refer to the more southerly part of the biome , while the term Taiga is more often used to describe only the more barren northern areas of the Arctic tree line .
After financing the creation of the Federal Steel Company he merged the Carnegie Steel Company and several other steel and iron businesses to form the United States Steel Corporation in 1901 .
The cathode supplies electrons to the positively charged cations which flow to it from the electrolyte -LRB- even if the cell is galvanic , i.e. , when the cathode is positive and therefore would be expected to repel the positively charged cations ; this is due to electrode potential relative to the electrolyte solution being different for the anode and cathode metal\/electrolyte systems in a galvanic cell -RRB- .
Throughout the rest of the film , it is occasionally interrupted to have Timon and Pumbaa comment on whatever is happening .
Cantor may refer to :
A rival to Mario first appeared in the 1985 game Wrecking Crew in the form of Spike , a construction foreman .
Adelaide -LRB- -RRB- is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of South Australia , and is the fifth-largest city in Australia .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
After a successful junior career with the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League 's Laval Titan , Sauvé was drafted by the NHL 's Buffalo Sabres in the 1st round -LRB- 17th overall -RRB- in 1975 NHL Entry Draft .
Classical civilizations , notably the Assyrians , Hungarians , Persians , Parthians , Indians , Koreans , Chinese , and Japanese fielded large numbers of archers in their armies .
1915 -- 1920 Sir Thomas Beech , 2nd Baronet , CH -LRB- musical adviser -RRB-
The flooding caused extreme damage , estimated at over $ 5 billion -LRB- 1998 USD , $ 6.5 billion 2008 USD -RRB- .
Its terrain is relatively flat , with heaths , plains and peat bogs in the west and a more elevated and slightly hilly terrain in the east .
Lea Fastow is a native of Houston , Texas , where she was born into a Jewish family that founded the J. Weingarten Incorporated grocery store chain and Weingarten Realty Investors .
Lounsbery , affectionately known as ` Louns ' by his fellow animators , was an incredibly strong draftsman who inspired many animators over the years .
His jersey number was retired by the Bears , and he was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Born in Miami , Florida and educated at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , Oliver began her recording career on Capitol Records , with the album Make Music , eventually moving to Atlantic Records to work with Ahmet Ertegun and Leon Huff .
At its maximum extent , it is about 140 km -LRB- 87 miles -RRB- long , and 55 km -LRB- 34 miles -RRB- wide .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
The use of rainbow flags has a long tradition ; they are displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness , of hope and of yearning .
He scored his first goals for the club on 1 August 2010 in a 3-1 victory over Bayern Munich in the final of the 2010 LIGA total !
The larva , known as the Salt Marsh Caterpillar , is highly variable in color and ranges from pale yellow to dark brownish-black .
Taylor -LRB- song -RRB- , a song by Jack Johnson
Yut -LRB- sometimes romanized as nyout or yoot -RRB- is a traditional board game played in Korea , especially during Korean New Year .
The film won four Academy Awards : Best Cinematography ; Best Music , Original Score for a Motion Picture -LRB- not a Musical -RRB- ; Best Music , Song -LRB- Burt Bacharach and Hal David for '' Raindrops Keep Fallin ' on My Head '' -RRB- ; and Best Writing , Story and Screenplay Based on Material Not Previously Published or Produced .
info .
They did not usually talk with the higher society unless it was work related .
Saint-Jean-de-Luz -LRB- Basque Donibane Lohizune -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Sericulture has been practiced for at least 5,000 years in China , Korea , and Japan .
September begins on the same day of the week as December every year , because there are 91 days separating September and December , which is a multiple of seven -LRB- the amount of days in the week -RRB- .
Before the Nazi Party assumed German government in 1933 , the term Wehrmacht generically described a nation 's '' home defense '' forces , analogous to the German Streitmacht foreign war forces , thus , Britische Wehrmacht denoted '' British defense forces '' .
At the end of the game , '' 1 â '' 0 '' means '' White won , '' '' 0 â '' 1 '' means '' Black won , '' and '' Â 1\/2 â '' Â 1\/2 '' indicates a draw .
This is the state bird of Kansas , Montana , Nebraska , North Dakota , Oregon and Wyoming .
It is also the international standard notation of time -LRB- ISO 8601 -RRB- .
Ancient Britons were however involved in extensive trade and cultural links with the rest of Europe from the Neolithic onwards , especially in exporting tin which was in abundant supply .
Over the Limit is a professional wrestling event produced annually by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , a Connecticutâ '' based promotion , and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- .
The V-2 rocket -LRB- -RRB- was , according to head of Nazi rocket program Walter Dornberger , the world 's first ballistic missile and first human artifact to achieve sub-orbital spaceflight , Peenemuende , Walter Dornberger , Moewig , Berlin 1985 .
1884 & ndash ; Ralph Benatzky , Czech composer -LRB- d. 1957 -RRB-
Boron -LRB- Ë bÉ '' É rÉ 'n -RRB- is the chemical element with atomic number 5 and the chemical symbol B. Boron is a metalloid .
William-Adolphe Bouguereau -LRB- November 30 , 1825 -- August 19 , 1905 -RRB- was a French academic painter .
A typical open-wheeler has a minimal cockpit sufficient only to enclose the driver 's body , with the head exposed to the air .
Peter Michael Falk -LRB- born September 16 , 1927 -RRB- is a retired American actor , best known for his role as Lieutenant Columbo in the television series Columbo .
Though the Toronto Star describes it as '' a lesbian-friendly tune '' , whether homophobia fuels negative reactions to the song or the song itself appears to divide critics .
27.00 % of all households were made up of individuals and 12.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Afon , the Welsh word for river , often anglicised to ` avon ' .
He is best known for his brilliant dribbling abilities .
In 1886 , a group of French and British language teachers , led by the French linguist Paul Passy , formed what would come to be known from 1897 onwards as the International Phonetic Association -LRB- in French , l ' -RRB- .
Red Hat Linux Split into Fedora Core and Red Hat Enterprise Linux .
Ogg is a free , open standard container format maintained by the Xiph.Org Foundation .
The most recent film shot in Clunes is Julius Avery 's 13-minute movie Jerrycan .
Sodium carbonate decahydrate is stable at room temperature but recrystallizes at only 32 Â to sodium carbonate heptahydrate , Na2CO3 Â 7H2O , then above 37 - to sodium carbonate monohydrate , Na2CO3 Â H2O .
The book was previously adapted into a 1973 feature film starring Ingrid Bergman , later released on home video as The Hideaways .
While it has been described as the world 's smallest nation , Sealand is not currently officially recognized as a sovereign state by any sovereign state .
Beaumettes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
When William Ellis visited in 1823 , the main settlement in Hilo district was WaiÄ kea on the south shore of Hilo Bay .
The wild ancestors of Malus domestica are Malus sieversii , found growing wild in the mountains of Central Asia in southern Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , and Xinjiang , China , and possibly also Malus sylvestris .
Benetice is a small village near the town Sv tlá nad Sázavou in the Vyso ina Region , Czech Republic .
Dallas Cowboys Ring of Honor
Initially , virgorous convection persisted throughout the wave axis , though dry air greatly diminished the convection on July 28 .
George Gordon Byron , 6th Baron Byron , later George Gordon Noel , 6th Baron Byron , FRS -LRB- 22 January 1788 -- 19 April 1824 -RRB- , commonly known simply as Lord Byron , was an English poet and a leading figure in Romanticism .
1972 & ndash ; Rhodesia is expelled by the IOC for its racist policies .
Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Demeter , Athena , Dionysus , Apollo , Artemis , Ares , Aphrodite , Hephaestus and Hermes .
Another possible reason is that there was a house named Ye Anciente Everton Toffee House in nearby Village Street , Everton , run by Ma Bushell . The toffee house was located near the Queen 's Head hotel in which early club meetings took place .
Pongo -- orangutans
The Portuguese Chronicler Domingo Paes praises Krishna Deva Raya as , '' the most feared and perfect King ... a great ruler and a man of much justice '' .
During these years , he also was the voice of Jesus on the original 1970 album recording of Jesus Christ Superstar .
Thomas Stamford Raffles , English founder of Singapore -LRB- d. 1826 -RRB-
The term Paleolithic was coined by archaeologist John Lubbock in 1865 .
Mikhail Tal -LRB- ; , Michail Nechem ` evi Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal ; November 9 , 1936 & ndash ; June 28 , 1992 -RRB- was a Soviet & ndash ; Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
The number of words per sentence and the percentage of unfamiliar words determine the reading age .
Kingston upon Hull , usually referred to as Hull , is a city and unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Hittorf was the first to compute the electricity-carrying capacity of charged atoms and molecules -LRB- ions -RRB- , an important factor in understanding electrochemical reactions .
It was the largest of the German concentration camps , consisting of Auschwitz I -LRB- the Stammlager or base camp -RRB- ; Auschwitz II-Birkenau -LRB- the Vernichtungslager or extermination camp -RRB- ; Auschwitz III-Monowitz , also known as Buna-Monowitz -LRB- a labor camp -RRB- ; and 45 satellite camps .
Henry I may refer to :
Economy In former times the main income source from the inhabitants was agriculture , however later in the 18th century the weaving mill of lines became more and more important .
For example , No. 2 fuel oil , No. 2 distillate and No. 2 diesel fuel oil are almost the same thing -LRB- diesel is different in that it also has a cetane number limit which describes the ignition quality of the fuel -RRB- .
Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak tropical storm that existed in September 2007 .
A line slightly longer than the note is drawn parallel to the staff , above or below , spaced at the same distances as the notes within the staff -LRB- see Figure 1 -RRB- .
Belleu is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
However , since 1952 there exists the Sarah Siddons Award for dramatic achievement in theater : a genuine and prestigious award , named in honor of Siddons .
Although she shared this position with her husband , she used most of its power herself .
As early as 1997 , there have been plans to host an Indian Grand Prix at Calcutta .
It is bordered by the states of Nayarit to the northwest , Zacatecas , Aguascalientes and San Luis PotosÃ to the north , Guanajuato to the east and Colima and MichoacÃ n to the south .
Kim Jung-Woo -LRB- , born 9 May 1982 -RRB- , from Korea University , is a South Korean football player who as of 2010 Gwangju Sangmu Phoenix .
Vendin-l Ã s-B Ã thune is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They believed that the world belonged equally to everyone , and that suffering was caused by false judgments of what was valuable and by the worthless customs and conventions which surrounded society .
E-flat minor is its direct enharmonic equivalent .
Debby Ryan -LRB- born May 13 , 1993 , in AlabamaDebby Ryan Disney Channel .
This zone is mostly unknown , and very few species are known to live here -LRB- in the open areas -RRB- .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo .
By the 1660s , cookery had progressed to an art form and good cooks were in demand .
Le ` Ron McClain -LRB- born December 27 , 1984 -RRB- is an American football fullback for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Lucius Vitellius defeats Artabanus II of Parthia in support of another clamaint to the throne , Tiridates III .
Such art was banned on the grounds that it was un-German or Jewish Bolshevist in nature , and those identified as degenerate artists were subjected to sanctions .
Text version of the famous 11th edition of the Britannica .
The swan in the middle comes from the earldom Steinfurt , the center of the district .
William I of Scotland is captured by Ranulf de Glanvill at the Battle of Alnwick -LRB- 1174 -RRB- , and Henry II of England occupies part of Scotland .
The five-tier , R2 billion -LRB- approximately $ 159 million -RRB- Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium was built overlooking the North End Lake , at the heart of the city .
Rot-Wei Ã Oberhausen has seen three of its players capped for Germany .
March 10 -- Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz , Queen of Prussia -LRB- d. 1810 -RRB-
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine -LRB- ; -RRB- is Ukraine 's parliament .
Molasses is a viscous byproduct of the processing of sugar cane or sugar beets into sugar .
She reiterated Amun 's support by having these proclamations by the god Amun carved on her monuments :
Jerzy Karol Buzek -LRB- born 3 July 1940 -RRB- is a Polish engineer , academic lecturer and politician .
Lt. Commander Worf , played by Michael Dorn , is a main character in both Star Trek : The Next Generation and Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , and also the films based on The Next Generation .
Female humans are called women and their bodies are different from men .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali -LRB- Arabic : , Coptic : B - -RRB- -LRB- born 14 November 1922 -RRB- is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- from January 1992 to December 1996 .
His best-known book was Seduction of the Innocent -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , which purported that comic books are dangerous to children .
Michael James Hegstrand -LRB- September 12 , 1957 â '' October 19 , 2003 -RRB- was an American professional wrestler .
Milford is a city in Dickinson County , Iowa , United States .
The capital and second largest city of the United Arab Emirates is Abu Dhabi .
Its functions include operation of rail services for passengers and freight , and maintenance and signaling of rail infrastructure owned by RÃ seau FerrÃ de France -LRB- RFF -RRB- .
It is located on the Northern Line between Oval and Clapham North , and on the Victoria Line between Brixton and Vauxhall .
Jackson may even have taken pleasure in the subversive impact of her work , as evidenced by Hyman 's statement that she '' was always proud that the Union of South Africa banned ` The Lottery , ' and she felt that they at least understood the story '' .
Traffic on the M6 Motorway was slowed due to poor driving conditions .
They became nationally known after the tennis player Gustavo Kuerten declared to be a supporter of Avaí .
The oldest trees are determined by growth rings , which can be seen if the tree is cut down , or in cores taken from the bark to the center of the tree .
The idea of the workhouse for the able-bodied poor was first suggested in 1576 .
Position the 7 on the CI scale above the 2 on the D scale , and then read the result off of the D scale , below the 1 on the CI scale .
Ariel Rubinstein -LRB- Hebrew : -RRB- -LRB- born April 13 , 1951 -RRB- is an Israeli economist who works in game theory .
Of course , this page should not replace complimenting people directly on their talk pages , or on article talk pages .
On 1 January 2010 the new FIDE rating list was published , and at the age of he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one , breaking the record previously held by Vladimir Kramnik .
Their eldest son , Ranuccio was not yet old enough to rule the Duchy alone so his mother , Margherita acted as regent until her son was old enough to govern alone .
Sometimes the word is used to denote the larval stage of any insects .
In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer -LRB-/O1952/O-RRB- , and professor -LRB-/O1962/O-RRB- .
Defamation may occur when one party -LRB- the eventual defendant if a case goes forward -RRB- writes or says something that is false about a second party -LRB- plaintiff -RRB- such that some third party '' receives '' the communication , and the communication of false information damages the plaintiff '' .
The Jargon File of hackers ' loreJargon File , version 4.4.6 , 25 October 2003 describes an idiomatic usage of the term :
All songs were written by Angus Young , Malcolm Young , and Bon Scott .
Students can pursue courses in Music , Opera , Drama and Technical Theatre Arts .
Since 2003 , McAllister has served as the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony , of which he has been a member since 1998 .
FranÃ oise Madeleine d'Orl Ã ans -LRB- b.1648-d .1664 -RRB- , daughter of his maternal uncle Gaston , Duke of OrlÃ ans and younger brother of his mother Christine Marie .
King Valdemar II and Archbishop Andreas Sunonis raid Saaremaa Island , Estonia , forcing the islanders to submit .
Kirby , Ontario
When two or more vaccines are mixed together in the same formulation , the two vaccines can interfere . This most frequently occurs with live attenuated vaccines , where one of the vaccine components is more robust than the others and suppresses the growth and immune response to the other components .
Antenor Lucas , better known as Brandãozinho -LRB- born in Campinas , Brazil , June 9 , 1925 & ndash ; died in São Paulo , Brazil , April 4 , 2000 -RRB- was a Brazilian football defender .
This was postponed due to concerns over possible negative effects on the second round of the presidential election in Serbia on 3 February 2008 and the possible signing of the Stabilization and Association Agreement with Serbia on that date .
Épineu-le-Chevreuil is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 , he flew in space twice .
Vessels carry one or more temporary anchors which may be of different designs and weights .
Statistical Process Control may be broadly broken down into three sets of activities : understanding the process , understanding the causes of variation , and elimination of the sources of special cause variation .
The Ursidae family belongs to the order Carnivora and is one of nine families in the suborder Caniformia , or '' doglike '' carnivorans .
Twins are common in many animal species , such as cats , sheep , ferrets and deer .
In mathematics , a divisor of an integer , also called a factor of , is an integer which evenly divides without leaving a remainder .
Nicknames were given to them , and sellers assigned rarity values to them .
On September 17 it was upgraded to a tropical depression by the Indian Meteorological Department -LRB- but not by the JTWC -RRB- , and on September 18 it became Cyclonic Storm Pyarr .
Referee Valentin Ivanov issued a total of 16 yellow cards and four red cards in this match , a World Cup record .
February 11 & ndash ; General Eisenhower is selected to command the Allied armies in Europe .
Leslie gives Jesse an art kit for his birthday , much to his delight .
Groups for which the equation a â cents b = b â cents a always holds are called abelian -LRB- in honor of Niels Abel -RRB- . Thus , the integer addition group is abelian , but the symmetry group in the following section is not .
Mifi , identichnost i politika v Zakavkazye '' , Moscow , Academkniga , 2003Thomas de Waal , Black Garden , chapter '' Urekavank '' , in Russian , 2005 She is the author of numerous research papers , articles and books on Azerbaijani ancient and medieval history .
Physical experiments determined a half-life of ~ 16 h whilst chemical experiments provided a value of ~ 32 h/O. The half-life is often taken as ~ 28 h due to the higher number of atoms detected by chemical means This is the longest lived transactinide isotope and is a reflection of the stability of the Z = 108 and N = 162 closed shells and the effect of odd particles in nuclear decay .
The soft , clay-like floor of the cave retains the paw prints of cave bears along with large , rounded , depressions that are believed to be the '' nests '' where the bears slept .
Eukaryotic cells include a variety of membrane-bound structures , collectively referred to as the endomembrane system .
It said the Chinese stance underlined the '' strong resentment '' felt by its public to drug traffickers , in part based on '' the bitter memory of history '' & ndash ; a reference to the Opium Wars .
The sea slug Glaucus atlanticus also feeds on the Portuguese Man o ' War , as does the violet snail Janthina janthina .
The nasab of Yusuf -LRB- nicknamed '' al-Ahmar '' , meaning '' the Red '' -RRB- , the common ancestor of all Nasrid sultans , is shown below .
After an appeal by a local chess official , he was admitted in 1928 to Leningrad University 's Mathematics Department .
Moorhead is a city in Monona County , Iowa , United States .
Nicolas Grimal , A History of Ancient Egypt , Blackwell Books : 1992 , pp.256-257 However , the prospect of further protracted conflict between the two states eventually persuaded both their rulers , Hatusili III and Ramesses to end their dispute and sign a peace treaty .
In 1984 , Brian Bellows was named interim captain of the Minnesota North Stars when Craig Hartsburg was injured , and is the youngest player to captain a team in NHL history .
In the United States , both French lavender syrup and dried lavender buds are used to make lavender scones and marshmallows .
Lappion is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques native to molecular biology -LRB- see Techniques section later in article -RRB- , but increasingly combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry .
Gingerbread was brought to Europe in 992 by the Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis -LRB- Gregory Makar -RRB- -LRB- GrÃ goire de Nicopolis -RRB- .
The term heterodox is occasionally used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they are in disagreement with orthodox understandings , but voice this disagreement while still maintaining the overall value of the tradition .
1832 & ndash ; Lewis Carroll , English author -LRB- d. 1898 -RRB-
1925 & ndash ; Mike Douglas , American entertainer -LRB- d. 2006 -RRB-
The product was originally developed by Momofuku Ando as Cup Noodle .
Sportcity Manchester is a sports district in eastern Manchester , that rose to fame as host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
The Maya is a Mesoamerican civilization , noted for the only known fully developed written language of the pre-Columbian Americas , as well as its art , architecture , and mathematical and astronomical systems .
Kanfen is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France .
Arbanats is a commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
It adjoins the ceremonial counties of Cheshire -LRB- to the north west -RRB- , Derbyshire -LRB- to the east -RRB- , Leicestershire -LRB- to the east -RRB- , Warwickshire -LRB- to the south east -RRB- , West Midlands -LRB- to the south -RRB- , Worcestershire -LRB- to the south -RRB- , and Shropshire -LRB- to the west -RRB- .
The only important river in the province is the DajabÃ n River , also known as Masacre -LRB- from French Massacre -RRB- .
Robert White , Ruairí Ó Brádaigh , The Life and Politics of an Irish Revolutionary , pp .
When he was 22 , he opened the Empire Sporting Club with Jack Barrow at the Gramercy Gym .
A colloquialism is a phrase that is common in everyday , unconstrained conversation , rather than in formal speech , academic writing , or paralinguistics .
Arrien -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
28.5 % of the houses were completely destroyed and 44.7 % damaged .
Rates of abuse in body dysmorphic disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder .
He also posted seven shutouts in the playoffs .
A common year is a common type of calendar year . It has exactly 365 days and so is not a leap year .
7,542 people lived in the town of Gunnedah in 2006 , including 931 indigenous persons -LRB- 12.3 % -RRB- .
Not to be confused with the more famous and higher Feldberg in Black Forest , the highest peak is the Grosser Feldberg -LRB- 878 m , which was also used for the Feldbergrennen hillclimbing contest and rallying stages -RRB- .
Matchbox Twenty received a nomination for Best Rock Album twice at the Grammy Awards , for Mad Season in 2001 and More Than You Think You Are in 2004 .
During Mysterio 's entrance , P.O.D. performed Mysterio 's music entrance live .
The index has further been criticised for having an inappropriate treatment of income , lacking year-to-year comparability , and assessing development differently in different groups of countries .
In 1696 Wesley 's father was appointed the rector of Epworth .
Kardigap
She Loves Me -- Book by Joe Masteroff , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick .
The Forest Dormouse -LRB- Dryomys nitedula -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family found in eastern Europe , the Balkans and parts of western Central Asia .
Forcalquier is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France .
QQ 24 In April 2010 , QQ.com ranked 10th overall in Alexa 's internet rankings .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period -LRB- c. 2000 BC to 250 AD -RRB- , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period -LRB- c. 250 AD to 900 AD -RRB- , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Origins Carolingian minuscule was the direct ancestor of blackletter .
History and background of songwriters Songwriters may perform the songs they write themselves , or they may write for somebody else to perform .
It was inspired by Lennon 's memories of playing in the garden of a Salvation Army house named '' Strawberry Field '' near his childhood home .
Franz Ferdinand is a rock band that was formed in Glasgow , Scotland , in 2002 .
Since the 20th century , the field of professional astronomy split into observational and theoretical branches .
Gorj -LRB- -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in Oltenia , with its capital city at Târgu Jiu .
Rolling Stock Munich U-Bahn uses three different generations of electric multiple unit trains .
Bremen is a city in Muhlenberg County , Kentucky , United States .
Useful plants are grown for consumption -LRB- vegetables , fruits , herbs , and leaf vegetables -RRB- or for medicinal use .
Louise Ã lisabeth de France -LRB- Marie Louise Ã lisabeth ; 14 August 1727 â '' 6 December 1759 -RRB- was the eldest daughter of King Louis XV of France and his Queen consort , Maria LeszczyÅ ska , and the elder twin sister of Anne Henriette de France .
Breccia -LRB- or , -RRB- is a rock composed of broken fragments of minerals or rock cemented together by a fine-grained matrix , that can be either similar to or different from the composition of the fragments .
Hercules finds out that Alcmene was sick and Zeus offered to make up for hardtimes by giving her immortality and taking her to live with him on Mount Olympus .
Calc also supports a wide range of other file formats , for both opening and saving files , such as CSV , HTML , SXC , DBF , DIF , UOF , SLK , SDC and others .
Cervical cancer is malignant cancer of the cervix uteri or cervical area .
Henrik Dam -LRB- Full name Carl Peter Henrik Dam -RRB- -LRB- February 21 , 1895 -- April 17 , 1976 -RRB- was a Danish biochemist and physiologist .
Calvin gave himself and Hobbes important positions in the club , Calvin being '' Dictator-for-Life '' and Hobbes being '' President-and-First-Tiger '' .
Takuya Miyamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
When the white form is exposed to sunlight or when it is heated in its own vapour to 250 ° C , it is transmuted to the red form , which does not chemoluminesce in air .
Good is the first album recorded by the alternative Boston based trio Morphine .
As part of its land-grant mission , USU strives to allow access to education for as many people as possible .
Crofton , British Columbia , Canada , is a small coastal town that is part of the District of North Cowichan on Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
NÃ 1\/4 rnberg Hauptbahnhof is a stop for IC and ICE trains on the German long-distance railway network .
When in 1939 the German invasion of Poland began , Danzig 's government declared Danzig a part of Germany and the Free City was abolished .
Whether or not he wrote the first mass based on L'homme armÃ , his was by far the most influential ; Obrecht 's mass , for example , closely parallels the setting by Busnois and even the mass by Dufay quotes from it directly .
Troy was directed by Wolfgang Petersen and written by David Benioff .
Cassinis flyby trajectory makes interpretation of the magnetic readings difficult .
This was reiterated in 2007 's Comic Con where Joss stated that he '' absolutely would be returning to that world .
It remained the river 's lowest crossing until the construction of the Kincardine Bridge further downstream in the 1930s .
The word guy thus came in the 19th century to mean an oddly dressed person , and hence in the 20th and 21st centuries to mean any male person .
The pop-punk band Four Year Strong covered the song in their 90 's cover album '' Explains It All . ''
The DudeJungle Jim
Le Temple is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Within hours they managed to take control of many parts of Vienna , including the ministry of internal Affairs -LRB- controlling the police -RRB- .
A group of meerkats is called a '' mob '' , '' gang '' or '' clan '' .
The asteroid belt or asteroid field is an area between the planets Jupiter and Mars , which is fully covered with
His one brother , James Franklin Carver , was born in 1943 .
There are a total of 146 episodes in this series .
The British Rail Class 332 is the type of electric multiple unit train used on the Heathrow Express between London Paddington station and Heathrow Airport .
Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Microsoft attributed the sales success of Windows 98 in part to Windows Update .
On 30 May 1926 , Tagore reached Naples , Italy ; he met fascist dictator Benito Mussolini in Rome the next day .
Turn - und Sportverein München von 1860 , commonly known as TSV 1860 München or 1860 Munich , is a German sports club based in Munich , Bavaria .
So , for example , an earthquake that measures 5.0 on the Richter scale has a shaking amplitude 10 times larger than one that measures 4.0 .
Gould and Gilbert arrived with in Hobart on the Parsee on 19 September 1838 .
Em -LRB- Ð Ð 1\/4 ; italics : Ð Ð 1\/4 -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
Angle parking is very common in car parking lots . It may also be used in streetside car parking in the U.S. when there is more width available for car parking than would be needed for parallel parking of cars , as it creates a larger number of parking spaces .
The city -LRB- commune -RRB- of Versailles , located in the western suburbs of Paris , 17.1 km -LRB- 10.6 mi -RRB- from the center of Paris , is the préfecture -LRB- capital -RRB- of the Yvelines département .
UCSB faculty includes five Nobel Prize laureates , one Fields Medalist , 29 members of the National Academy of Sciences , 27 members of the National Academy of Engineering , and 23 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Massimo Cellino
Leicester -LRB- , -RRB- is a city and unitary authority area in the East Midlands area of England .
Mullan also has its own fire department .
1746 & ndash ; Carlo Buonaparte , father of Napoleon Bonaparte -LRB- d. 1785 -RRB-
His anger is quickly dispelled by Barbarina -LRB- a peasant girl , Antonio 's daughter -RRB- , who publicly recalls that he had once offered to give her anything she wants , and asks for Cherubino 's hand in marriage .
1902 & ndash ; Werner Heyde , German psychiatrist -LRB- d. 1964 -RRB-
French Polynesia -LRB- , -RRB- is a French overseas collectivity in the southern Pacific Ocean .
In the United States , the Trio section '' Land of Hope and Glory '' of March No. 1 is sometimes known simply as '' Pomp and Circumstance '' or as '' The Graduation March '' , and is played as the processional tune at virtually all high school and college graduation ceremonies .
The Vienna Symphony -LRB- -RRB- is an orchestra in Vienna , Austria .
Carbon entering into rock formations has a ratio of Carbon-13 -LRB- 13C -RRB- to Carbon-12 -LRB- 12C -RRB- of about â ' 5.5 -LRB- in units of Î 13C -RRB- , where because of a preferential biotic uptake of 12C , biomass has a Î 13C of between â 20 and â ' 30 .
These principles will therefore govern Voice of America -LRB- VOA -RRB- broadcasts .
It also shares a short boundary with the Brazilian Federal District .
Cultural aspects There are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil .
Israel has never acknowledged or denied having a weapons program , and Vanunu was abducted and smuggled to Israel , where he was tried in camera and convicted of treason and espionage .
Port-au-Prince is one of the nation 's largest centers of economy and finance .
The discography of English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums -LRB- one of which is a mixture of live and studio -RRB- , three live albums -LRB- not re-counting the mixed album -RRB- , six compilations , three box sets , one EP , 26 singles , 10 music videos , and four video albums .
A web browser is a piece of computer software .
See also : Yatton , Herefordshire
However it was decided that Taylor would replace Colsefni and he was subsequently moved to backing vocals .
Justin Raymond Hoyte -LRB- born 20 November 1984 in Waltham Forest , England -RRB- is an English footballer who currently plays for Middlesbrough .
This time , Ipswich established themselves in Division Two , and as the division champions , won promotion to the top level of English football , Division One , in 1960 -- 61 .
Montreal , Canada -- Lake Placid , Albany , USAOfficials from Quebec and the State of New York have met to discuss the possibility of a joint bid between those two cities considering the proximity between them .
Rotor may refer to :
In the late 1970s he started working for record producer and composer Mike Post .
Bangladesh consists of a number of administrative areas called divisions -LRB- bibhag -RRB- , each named after its respective capital .
Austin American-Statesman , April 15 , 1997 .
ConfranÃ on is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Anton , eldest son of Antoinette and Arthur Anton , was born and raised in Omaha , Nebraska .
, the city has a population of c. 88,000 , of which some 50,000 live in the urban center , and the remainder in the surrounding areas .
Alex -LRB- 1976 -- September 6 , 2007 -RRB- was an African Grey Parrot and the subject of a thirty-year -LRB- 1977 -- 2007 -RRB- experiment by animal psychologist Irene Pepperberg , initially at the University of Arizona and later at Harvard and Brandeis University .
Michael Joseph '' Mick '' McCarthy -LRB- born 7 February 1959 -RRB- is a former international footballer who is currently the manager of Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers , where he has been in charge since July 2006 .
Attractions in Nouakchott include Nouakchott Museum , several markets including Nouakchott Silver Market , and the beaches .
Villaines-la-Gonais is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Juan Diego Flórez was born in Lima , Peru , on January 13 , 1973 where his father , Rubén Flórez , was a noted guitarist and singer of Peruvian popular and criolla music .
Paterson 's original lyrics referred directly to ` drowning ' , which the tea company felt was too negative .
Liquids are relatively incompressible , while some can be compressed , the main action of a pump is to pressurize and transport liquids .
Another widely recognized movement characteristic is the Scout uniform , by intent hiding all differences of social standing in a country and making for equality , with neckerchief and campaign hat or comparable head wear .
is a Japanese football player who plays for Ehime F.C. in the J. League Division 2 .
In its most generic sense , the word earthquake is used to describe any seismic event -- whether a natural phenomenon or an event caused by humans -- that generates seismic waves .
Both petroglyphs and pictographs can be parietal , meaning on the walls of a cave or rock shelter , open-air -LRB- meaning they are made on exposed natural outcrops -RRB- or monument-based which are made on stones consciously deposited .
The territory may be large enough to hold some young adults who stay with their parents until they establish their own territories .
Cetartiodactyla
Rey County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
The score before the last game was thus 5 â '' 4 for Schlechter .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Other works include Sir Arthur Somervell 's The Passion of Christ -LRB- 1914 -RRB- , Charles Wood 's St. Mark Passion -LRB- 1921 -RRB- and Eric Thiman 's The Last Supper -LRB- 1930 -RRB- .
These individuals do not have actual claws ; instead the unguis appears normal with the addition of a thick growth of subunguis .
Écoivres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They also measured the visible and infrared spectra and measured the moon 's surface temperature .
Haast 's Eagle -LRB- Harpagornis moorei -RRB- was a species of massive eagles that once lived on the South Island of New Zealand .
Boiry-Saint-Rictrude is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The word is derived from the Latin -LRB- '' water '' -RRB- and -LRB- '' to lead '' -RRB- .
Although the town of Brandenburg is less known than the state of Brandenburg , it provided the name for the medieval Bishopric of Brandenburg , the Margraviate of Brandenburg , and the current state of Brandenburg .
Mollis is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
For the remainder of his life , he would live in poverty , for his paintings only rose significantly in monetary value after his death .
Founded in 1853 , it is the second oldest university in Australia , and the oldest in Victoria .
An electric multiple unit or EMU is a multiple unit train consisting of more than one passenger carriages where all carriages in the train carry passengers , using electricity as the motive power .
Afon , the Welsh word for river , often anglicised to ` avon ' .
In 1965 , he became a naturalized citizen of the United States .
Pewee Valley is a city in Oldham County , Kentucky , United States .
Since June 2001 he has served as Governing Mayor -LRB- -RRB- of Berlin .
John Huang served 500 hours of community service and paid a $ 10,000 fine .
On the July 27 , 2007 edition of SmackDown !
Salvia pratensis forms a basal clump from 1-1 .5 m tall , with rich green rugose leaves that are slightly ruffled and toothed on the edges .
` Karma ' is an Indian religious concept in contradistinction to ` faith ' espoused by Abrahamic religions -LRB- Judaism , Christianity , and Islam -RRB- , which view all human dramas as the will of God as opposed to present -- and past -- life actions .
It includes the following species :
In 1982 , Mørk became the first Scandinavian musician to reach the finals of the Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow and won 6th Prize .
The group is composed of Tablo , Mithra Jin and DJ Tukutz .
In Macedonia , he appears to have seen the alleged tomb of Orpheus in Libethra .
Poanes hobomok -LRB- Harris , 1862 -RRB- -- Hobomok Skipper
George III and Queen Charlotte had 15 children , 13 of whom survived to adulthood .
Thayer , Vol 1 , p. 53 It is known that Beethoven 's family and his teacher Johann Albrechtsberger celebrated his birthday on 16 December .
In 1974 he was inducted into the National Academy of Sciences and in 1977 was named a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association .
Pancy-Courtecon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Fratton Park is the home stadium of Portsmouth F.C. , the city 's traditional professional football club , and is situated in the English city-port of Portsmouth .
On November 15 , Williams confirmed that HÃ 1\/4 lkenberg had been dropped from the team 's 2011 line-up , and Maldonado was duly announced as his replacement on December 1 .
Robert Gordon '' Bobby '' Orr , OC -LRB- born March 20 , 1948 , Parry Sound , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is a retired ice hockey player .
Then the Tyrannosaurus collapses when it accidentally trips on the Ankylosaurus ' tail .
Hemorrhoids -LRB- US English -RRB- or hemorrhoids -LRB- British English ; pronounced \/O/ Ë hÉ mÉ rÉ '' É dz \/O/ -RRB- , are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control .
CaE = Canadian English
In the NFL playoffs , Warner ultimately led the Rams to a Super Bowl XXXIV victory against the Tennessee Titans .
-LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- , the five most sensitive areas of the penis are on the foreskin ; this is disputed by Waskett and Morris , who argue that re-analysis of Sorrells ' data shows no significant differences .
State , for example , what a person is famous for , where a place is located and what it is known for , or the basic details of an event and when it happened .
It now contains the British headquarters of two substantial international companies .
When Elizabeth I was succeeded in 1603 by the Scottish King James VI -LRB- thus becoming James I of England -RRB- , the countries both came under his rule but each retained its own Parliament .
In aerobic organisms , the citric acid cycle is part of a metabolic pathway involved in the chemical conversion of carbohydrates , fats and proteins into carbon dioxide and water to generate a form of usable energy .
A single female may lay from several dozen to several thousand eggs during her lifetime .
Conception and creation The character first appeared in the 1981 arcade game Donkey Kong as a carpenter named '' Jumpman '' , more commonly called '' Mr. Video Game '' in Japan .
When The Iron Sheik locked a camel clutch on one of the Killer Bees , Jim Duggan hit him with his two by four , resulting in a The Iron Sheik and Nikolai Volkoff winning the bout by disqualification .
After Mary 's recovery and the death of Anne 's baby soon after it was born , Mary did visit her sister , but chose the opportunity to berate Anne for her friendship with Sarah .
Bay of Bengal and Arabian Sea : RSMC - Tropical Cyclones New Delhi \/ORGANIZATION/ India Meteorological Department -LRB- New Delhi , India -RRB-
It is a specialized wiki created to be an extensive encyclopedia of the Star Wars universe with some articles reaching up to 60,000 words , and is written almost entirely from an in-universe perspective .
Large farmsteads produced food in industrial quantities and Roman sources note that Britain exported hunting dogs , animal skins and slaves .
Youri Raffi Djorkaeff -LRB- born 9 March 1968 in Lyon -RRB- is a former French football player who played as a forward or as an attacking midfielder .
1909 & ndash ; Colombia recognizes the independence of Panama .
The specialised teeth - incisors , canines , premolars , and molars - are found in the same order in every mammal .
For CPUs , the entire implementation process is often called CPU design .
Arlene moved quickly to the northeast , reaching a peak of 60 mph prior to becoming extratropical on the 7th .
For the DuckTales episode , see Back to the Klondike -LRB- DuckTales episode -RRB- .
They are spoken in parts of the Alsace , southern Germany , Liechtenstein , Austria , and the German-speaking parts of Switzerland and Italy .
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
LomÃ , with an estimated population of 737,751 , is the capital and largest city of Togo .
Most of the capsaicin in a pungent -LRB- hot -RRB- pepper is concentrated in blisters on the epidermis of the interior ribs -LRB- septa -RRB- that divide the chambers of the fruit to which the seeds are attached .
Nickname for an M79 grenade launcher
Its capital is the city of Padua .
When seen from above , the shell is darker in color and marked with irregular stripes , which helps it blend into the dark water below .
In English , it serves two main purposes -- the omission of one or more letters -- also known as a contraction -- -LRB- as in does n't for does not -RRB- and the marking of possessives -LRB- as in the cat 's whiskers -RRB- , though usage in forming certain plurals is sometimes accepted .
In 1925 he gave the first stage performance outside Russia of Rimsky-Korsakov 's opera The Invisible City of Kitezh .
The most common form of acne is known as '' acne vulgaris '' , meaning '' common acne '' .
In 1969 FC Schalke 04 paid FC Schwelm 06 38,000 Deutsche Mark to sign promising stopper Rolf Rüssmann , who did not enjoy the best of starts at the Gelsenkirchen-based outfit under Rudi Gutendorf , but then gained more regular appearances for the club and seemed destined for a successful career .
The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008 , as the circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open .
Mainstream Japanese myths , as generally recognized today , are based on the Kojiki , Nihon Shoki and some complementary books .
1952 & ndash ; The Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament of India , holds its first sitting .
Quarks have fractional electric charge valuesâ '' either â ' or + times the elementary charge , depending on flavor . Up , charm , and top quarks -LRB- collectively referred to as up-type quarks -RRB- have a charge of + , while down , strange , and bottom quarks -LRB- down-type quarks -RRB- have â ' .
He drives for Red Bull Racing alongside Australian Mark Webber in the 2010 season .
Northeast Arnhem Land is home to the indigenous Yolngu people , one of the largest Indigenous groups in Australia , and one who have succeeded in maintaining a vigorous traditional indigenous culture .
The A318 , also known as the '' Mini-Airbus '' or '' baby bus '' , is the smallest member of the A320 family , and the smallest Airbus of any kind .
Juan Velasco Damas -LRB- born May 15 , 1977 in Dos Hermanas , Seville -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Larissa F.C. in Greece , as a right defender .
Links Internal links Signatures must include at least one internal link to your user page , user talk page , or contributions page ; this allows other editors easy access to your talk page and contributions log .
A part of the D.C. hardcore punk scene , Rites of Spring increased the frenetic violence and visceral passion of hardcore while simultaneously experimenting with its compositional rules .
Surville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Some of the people with learning difficulties may find it difficult , tedious , or disinteresting to fit in with society because proper meshing with society does in fact require the knowledge of a great deal of norms , customs , traditions , & c.
An example of such a diet is the Atkins ' Induction phase , where followers eat fewer than 20g of carbohydrates per day .
The Lookouts were an American punk rock band that existed from 1985 to 1990 on Iron Peak , a remote rural mountain community outside of Laytonville , California .
History The district was created in 1972 by merging the former districts of Jülich and Düren .
Shelf life is different from expiration date ; the former relates to food quality , the latter to food safety .
SliTaz GNU/Linux is a community-based software project started in 2006 by Christophe Lincoln .
The Volkswagen Passat is a large family car built by Volkswagen Passenger Cars through six design generations since 1973 . Slotting between the Volkswagen Golf \/O/ Volkswagen Jetta , and the Volkswagen Phaeton in the current Volkswagen line-up , the Passat and its derivatives have been badged variously as Dasher , Santana , Quantum , Magotan , Corsar and Carat .
Their third album , Blue Sky Noise , was released on April 20 , 2010 on Atlantic Records to even greater critical acclaim and mainstream success .
HammerFall made some expressive concerts before the release of Legacy of Kings , playing in festivals together with bands such as Alice Cooper , Rammstein , Deep Purple , Dream Theater , Saxon and Stratovarius .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians , often abbreviated as 101 Dalmatians , is a 1961 American animated film produced by Walt Disney and based on the novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith .
A Storm of Swords won the 2001 Locus Award , the 2002 Geffen Award for Best Novel and was nominated for the 2001 Nebula Award for Best Novel .
Taxonomy is the practice and science of classification .
It went fully online on June 3 , 2009 , with a preview version released on June 1 , 2009 .
On 25 February 2003 , the Coast Guard was placed under the Department of Homeland Security .
The story documents the real life of Gwen Araujo , born Edward Araujo , Jr. , a transgender teenager who was murdered after it was discovered by acquaintances that she had male genitalia .
The Blake River Megacaldera Complex , also called the Blake River Group , is a giant subaqueous caldera cluster or a nested caldera system that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada .
Varèse 's music features an emphasis on timbre and rhythm .
Sophia Croft -- Sister of Captain Wentworth and wife of Admiral Croft .
No one was killed and there was no damage .
Jefferson County , Alabama is the most populous county in the U.S. state of Alabama , with its county seat being located in Birmingham .
Steven '' Flash '' Gordon is the hero of a science fiction adventure comic strip originally drawn by Alex Raymond , which was first published on January 7 , 1934 .
If the beam is to be centered onto 4-quadrant diodes , no Analog-to-digital converter is needed .
William Hull , an American general during the American Revolutionary War and War of 1812
In pathology , it specifically refers to a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin .
Thomas Hobbes -LRB- 5 April 1588 -- 4 December 1679 -RRB- was an English philosopher , remembered today for his work on political philosophy .
It is a branch of continuum mechanics , a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms , that is , it models matter from a macroscopic viewpoint rather than from a microscopic viewpoint .
It borders the United Arab Emirates on the northwest , Saudi Arabia on the west and Yemen on the southwest .
Cole began his career with Arsenal in 1999 , going on to make 228 appearances , scoring 9 goals for the club , and winning two Premier League titles , three FA Cups and a runners-up medal from the 2006 UEFA Champions League Final .
Conditions can be a specific time during development \/O/ life of the organism or limitation to a specific tissue , for example .
Marriage Among Muslims : Preference and Choice in Northern Pakistan By Hastings Donnan , ISBN 90-04-08416-9 , 9789004084162 The tribe speak the Dhundi-Kairali dialect.Pahari-Potwari The tribe is spread throughout Circle Bakote , Poonch District , Bagh , Kashmir , and the Murree Hills area .
Yoon C. K. January 21 2000 .
1917 & ndash ; Ella Fitzgerald , American singer -LRB- d. 1996 -RRB-
The repressive or dormant latency stage of psychosexual development preceded the sexually mature genital stage of psychosexual development .
Shane 's mood swings continued and created friction among his alliance .
The idyllic place was called Shangri-la , a Tibetan word meaning '' Heaven on earth '' .
While some special software packages exist , to allow customized editing , they are typically not available when traveling to other computers for wiki-editing .
Among many volumes of poetry , Les Contemplations and La LÃ gende des siÃ cles stand particularly high in critical esteem , and Hugo is sometimes identified as the greatest French poet .
Hattusili III -LRB- Hittite : '' from Hattusa '' -RRB- was a king of the Hittite empire -LRB- New Kingdom or Late Empire -RRB- ca .
In general , Maritimers were spared the anticipated damage .
An integer sequence may be specified explicitly by giving a formula for its nth term , or implicitly by giving a relationship between its terms .
Breakaway is the second studio album by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson , released on November 30 , 2004 .
Towards the end of 1889 he was called to the University of Bologna , his home city , where he worked for the rest of his life on subjects such as the Zeeman Effect , ` Roentgen rays ' , magnetism and the results of Michelson 's experiments .
However , whereas other theropods walked with three toes contacting the ground , fossilized footprint tracks confirm that most dromaeosaurids held the second toe off the ground in a hyperextended position , with only the third and fourth toes bearing the weight of the animal .
Trace the IP address -LRB- e.g. http://www.domaintools.com/ -RRB- and add to the user talk page of the address .
The third group , Morganucodon and similar animals , were mammaliformes or the '' stem-mammals '' .
In 2004 , Diamir District was bifurcated and the district of Astore was created from Diamir 's easternmost tehsil .
A public school was completed during December , 1871 and lessons commenced there in 1872 .
The Chir Pine , Pinus roxburghii , named after William Roxburgh , is a pine native to the Himalaya .
The lake 's size varies from 12 to 100 square miles -LRB- 30 to 260 square kilometers -RRB- , depending on the season .
The Biafo Glacier is a 63 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the Northern Areas , Pakistan which meets the 49 km long Hispar Glacier at an altitude of 5,128 m -LRB- 16,824 feet -RRB- at Hispar La -LRB- Pass -RRB- to create the world 's longest glacial system outside the polar regions .
It was announced on 16 September that d'Ambrosio would replace Lucas di Grassi at Virgin on four occasions during Friday practice : at the Singapore , Japanese , Korean and Brazilian Grands Prix .
Fabio Capello -LRB- born 18 June 1946 -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer and current manager of the England national football team , having started the role in January 2008 .
Uniform numbers are placed on the back of baseball uniforms and sometimes also on the front or sleeve .
Uncle Bill '' Tappy '' Tapia -LRB- born January 1 , 1908 -RRB- is an American musician , born in Honolulu , Hawaii , of Portuguese parents .
Previously , the position was held by Ken Livingstone from the creation of the role on 4 May 2000 until his succession by Johnson .
Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Notetaking program
The X-Files : I Want to Believe became the second movie based on the series , after the original 1998 film adaptation , The X-Files : Fight the Future .
Mamluk sultan Baibars of Egypt invades the weakening kingdom of Makuria to the south .
Tschermak was a grandson of a man who taught Mendel botany during his student days in Vienna .
Early recordings were of poor quality , though not by design but by budget constraints , and bands such as The Circle Jerks , Reagan Youth , Flipper , Naked Raygun , and Minor Threat recorded only as a means to promote the live show and document the sounds they were making .
A direct chartered cargo flight was made by China Airlines from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport sending some 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Red Cross Society of Taiwan to the affected areas .
Healesville Sanctuary , or the Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park , is a zoo specializing in native Australian animals .
Several corporates , celebrities and organizations have undertaken efforts towards awareness , volunteering and fundraising events that they will organize during the Joy of Giving Week .
Mülheim an der Ruhr , also called '' City on the River '' , is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany .
The species is strongly migratory , seeing two summers each year as it migrates from its northern breeding grounds along a winding route to the oceans around Antarctica and back , a round trip of about 70,900 km -LRB- c. 44,300 miles -RRB- each year . This is by far the longest regular migration by any known animal .
Archeological evidence suggests a history of settlement in the area since roughly 2000 BC .
Le Guin has received five Hugo awards and six Nebula awards Index to SF Awards : Ursula Le Guin , and was awarded the Gandalf Grand Master award in 1979 and the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Grand Master Award in 2003 .
MÃ genwil is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Club Atlético River Plate , known also as River Plate -LRB- -RRB- or simply River , is an Argentine sports club best known for its football team , established in 1901 .
Belle does not make the connection between the handsome prince and the Beast and becomes convinced that the Beast is holding the prince captive somewhere in the castle .
Paul Naftel , a Guernsey artist , sketched it , and the drawing appeared in Ansted & Latham 's book , The Channel Islands -LRB- 1862 -RRB- .
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School , also known as PA Cyber , is a public virtual charter school based out of Midland , Pennsylvania .
It includes more than 13,000 articles and 6,000 photographs and maps related to Jewish history , Israel , U.S.-Israel relations , the Holocaust , anti-Semitism , and Judaism .
A supercentenarian -LRB- sometimes hyphenated as super-centenarian -RRB- is someone who has reached the age of 110 years , something achieved by only one in a thousand centenarians -LRB- based on European data -RRB- .
-LRB- prounounced '' Zeh-vee-us '' as per the phonetics of the original Japanese -LRB- katakana -RRB- rendering , '' Zee-vee-us '' as per television advertising by the American licensor -RRB- is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game by Namco , released in 1982 .
Oloron-Sainte-Marie is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .
Excalibur is the legendary sword of King Arthur , sometimes attributed with magical powers or associated with the rightful sovereignty of Great Britain .
Nickel Creek 's first two albums were Little Cowpoke -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and Here to There -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
Avon , Ontario , in the province of Ontario
Force India Formula One Team Limited , trading as Force India F1 , is a Formula One motor racing team .
The patron saint of the Order is St Andrew .
They are members of the Southern Football League Division One Midlands .
During the first half of the 20th century , the movement grew to encompass three major age groups each for boys -LRB- Cub Scout , Boy Scout , Rover Scout -RRB- and , in 1910 , a new organization , Girl Guides , was created for girls -LRB- Brownie Guide , Girl Guide and Girl Scout , Ranger Guide -RRB- .
Barnes and Noble review : Diana Krall .
In a secret addition to the pact , the Baltic states , Finland , Romania , and Poland are divided between the two nations .
Their unique blend of bluegrass , rock , country , and Cajun\/Zydeco , which the band calls '' Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass '' , has found favor with the jam band scene .
Slovenia is a member of the European Union , the Eurozone , the Schengen area , the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , the Council of Europe , NATO , UNESCO , WTO , OECD and UN .
It was initially thought that the dark region might be a lake of a fluid or at least tar-like substance , but it is now clear that Huygens landed on the dark region , and that it is solid without any indication of liquids .
Eurogamer awarded Red Dead Redemption an 8\/10 , stating that it '' successfully re-clothes the Grand Theft Auto framework in an exciting , distinct and expertly realized scenario '' .
The larva spins a nest out of silk on the ceiling of the cave and then hangs down as many as 70 threads of silk -LRB- called snares -RRB- from around the nest , each up to 30 or 40 cm long and holding droplets of mucus .
Saint-Corneille is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Geography According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 1,302 square miles -LRB- 3,371 km ² -RRB- , of which , 1,298 square miles -LRB- 3,363 km ² -RRB- of it is land and 3 square miles -LRB- 8 km ² -RRB- of it -LRB- 0.25 % -RRB- is water .
Often the left lung is much smaller than the right one , an adaptation to body shape that is also found in snakes .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
Many people in Islamic countries also see Islam manifested politically as Islamism .
There are three known types -LRB- flavors -RRB- of neutrinos : electron neutrino , muon neutrino and tau neutrino , named after their partner leptons in the Standard Model -LRB- see table at right -RRB- .
The Royal Navy of the United Kingdom is the oldest of HM Armed Forces -LRB- and is therefore known as the Senior Service -RRB- .
From 1826 to 1918 , Gotha was one of the two capitals of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha .
Corinthians World Champion The first edition of the FIFA Club World Championship took place in Brazil in 2000 .
The film starts on the first anniversary of Cinderella and Prince Charming 's wedding , where Jaq , Gus and the Fairy Godmother are surprising the couple with a picnic in the woods .
Her father is of German and Norwegian ancestry and her mother is of Italian and Irish ancestry .
She commented that the novel '' is the most probable fiction I have ever read '' and had become '' at present the fashionable novel '' .
After playoff victories against the Houston Oilers , Cleveland Browns , and San Diego Chargers , the Raiders clinched their second NFL championship in five years with a 27 10 win over the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XV .
His best-known works include Steppenwolf , Siddhartha , and The Glass Bead Game -LRB- also known as Magister Ludi -RRB- which explore an individual 's search for authenticity , self-knowledge and spirituality .
After experiencing fluctuations in the decades immediately after Indian independence , the economies of South Indian states have registered higher than national average decadal growth over the past three decades .
They have been referred to as Germany 's most successful pop duo , and have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
-- -RRB-
For sanitary reasons , military tent cities place toilet , shower , and laundry facilities at least 50 f from living quarters .
Sayre is a city in and the county seat of Beckham County , in Western Oklahoma , the United States .
Schöneberg is a locality of Berlin , Germany .
ISBN 978-0971119802 Roberts , Jane and Robert F. Butts -LRB- 1972 -RRB- .
Mirandan sulci are named after the locations of plays by Shakespeare .
Opposition leader Aleksander Kozulin is among several protesters arrested .
The first stadtholder of the Dutch Republic was William I of Orange , who joined with Dutch nationalists and led the struggle for independence from Spain .
Glasgow was announced as the host city for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in November 2007 , and Hampden will host the athletics events .
Year by year A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
Radiological examination of his bones showed '' age-conditioned or strain-induced degeneration '' in these areas , including osteochondrosis and slight spondylosis in the lumbar spine and wear-and-tear degeneration in the knee and especially the ankle joints .
Frières - Faillouël is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Gagarin 's planned flight activities needed clear weather and no outboard tanks .
A tuxedo is an ensembl -LRB- or outfit -RRB- of clothing which includes a dress shirt , a bow tie , dress pants , a tuxedo suit jacket , dress socks , leather dress shoes , and sometimes a vest .
Piraeus is the third largest municipality in Greece with an official population of 175,697 -LRB- in 2001 -RRB- .
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe that entered the late Roman Empire during the 5th century .
Obtaining reliable blood pressure measurements relies on following several rules and understanding the many factors that influence blood pressure reading .
Oxford English Dictionary , Second Edition In a more specific sense , theism refers to a doctrine concerning the nature of a monotheistic God and his relationship to the universe .
These letters have helped historians to construct details about the life of Jane Austen .
'' Desperation '' -LRB- Remix -RRB- - 3:37
Francisco José Rodrigues da Costa , OIH -LRB- born 1 December 1974 in Lisbon -RRB- , commonly known as Costinha -LRB- -RRB- , is a retired Portuguese footballer , who played as a defensive midfielder .
Richard Russell '' Rick '' Riordan , Jr. -LRB- born June 5 , 1964 -RRB- is the author of the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series .
He was only 27 years old , the youngest U.S. Representative at the time .
Mario Ignacio Regueiro Pintos -LRB- born 14 September 1978 in Montevideo -RRB- is an Uruguayan footballer who plays for Club AtlÃ tico LanÃ s in Argentina .
While later critics have noted that Stowe 's female characters are often domestic clichÃ s instead of realistic women , Stowe 's novel '' reaffirmed the importance of women 's influence '' and helped pave the way for the women 's rights movement in the following decades .
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight .
_ Kornberg
Ru .
MontsÃ '' rs is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
See also : Yatton , Herefordshire
Sugiyama : 111 Teotihuacanos practiced human sacrifice : human bodies and animal sacrifices have been found during excavations of the pyramids at Teotihuacan ; and it is believed that when the buildings were expanded , sacrifices were made to dedicate the new building .
5 × Galloping Gobbler Award
He is also known for being a master of two styles of satire : the Horatian and Juvenalian styles .
Bowell backed legislation , already drafted , that would have forced Manitoba to restore its Catholic schools , but then postsponed it due to opposition within his Cabinet .
Coombs suffered a stroke on September 10 , 2001 , and died on September 18 , 2001 in Toronto , Ontario at the age of 73 .
Time.com / Title The title is taken from the first line of the third stanza of the poem Non Sum Qualis eram Bonae Sub Regno CynaraeRPO - Ernest Dowson : Non Sum Qualis Eram Bonae sub Regno Cynarae by Ernest Dowson : '' I have forgot much , Cynara !
Richard Mentor Johnson -LRB- October 17 , 1780 or 1781 -- November 19 , 1850 -RRB- was the ninth Vice President of the United States , serving in the administration of Martin Van Buren -LRB- 1837 â '' 1841 -RRB- .
The film was released on December 12 , 2006 and had an official soundtrack album released on November 21 , 2006 .
In his 20s and early 30s , von Braun was the central figure in Germany 's pre-war rocket development program , responsible for the design and realization of the deadly V-2 combat rocket during World War II .
Under Chancellor Willy Brandt , Scheel became Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor .
The longest land tunnel in the world , the LÃ tschberg Base Tunnel , is in operation since late 2007 , connecting by rail the town of Frutigen in canton Bern , with the town of Visp in canton Valais\/Wallis .
The tehsil covers an area of 1,115 km ² District Government Toba Tek Singh and is administratively subdivided into 24 Union Councils , six of which form the tehsil capital Gojra .
Since 1972 , Stockport has been twinned with in Béziers in France .
Francisco Jezuíno Avanzi , best known as Chicão -LRB- January 30 , 1949 & ndash ; October 8 , 2008 -RRB- was a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player in defensive midfielder role .
Servais is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As a small boy Lermontov listened to stories about the outlaws of the Volga region , about their great bravery and wild country life .
Nearly all of the Moorish dominions in Iberia were lost soon after , with the great Moorish cities of Córdoba and Seville falling to the Christians in 1236 and 1248 respectively .
They made their permanent residence in the town of Ceiba , and lived in a house called '' El Pesebre '' -LRB- The Manger -RRB- .
Slang terms include '' helmet '' , '' nob '' -LRB- or '' knob '' -RRB- , and '' bell end '' , and all refer to its distinctive shape .
See also Ghost Dance , a belief extended among North American Indians that , in its Sioux version , prophesied that the ancestors would come back by train .
In the year 2000 , a vote of IHO member nations defined the term '' Southern Ocean '' as applying only to the waters between Antarctica and 60 degrees south latitude .
In the NHL he played 2 games with the New York Rangers , 80 for the Boston Bruins , 210 as a Leaf and finally 35 as a Philadelphia Flyer to end his career .
It is one of the five American orchestras commonly referred to as the '' Big Five '' .
Guarana -LRB- -RRB- , from the Portuguese guaraná , Paullinia cupana -LRB- syn .
Government The territory is administered from Canberra by the Attorney-General 's Department -LRB- before 29 November 2007 administration was carried out by the Department of Transport and Regional Services -RRB- .
In addition , it has an equal number of sympathetic strings located below the main strings and the fingerboard which are not played directly but vibrate in sympathy with the notes played .
Year 36 -LRB- XXXVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
The Tibetan representatives who signed this document were Agvan Dorjiev , a Buryat , i.e. citizen of Russia , Chijamts , and Gendun-Galsan a Tibetan citizen .
The absence of springs , rivers , and lakes in the immediate vicinity of Tikal highlights a prodigious feat : building a major city with only supplies of stored seasonal rainfall .
Puttad is a small village in KoyilandyTaluk near Perambra in Kozhikode district , Kerala , India .
Saint-Andr Ã - sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Roberto Donadoni -LRB- born 9 September 1963 -RRB- is former Italian international footballer and current manager of Italian Serie A club Napoli .
Thomas Midgley , Jr. -LRB- May 18 , 1889 -- November 2 , 1944 -RRB- , was an American mechanical engineer turned chemist .
The following artists have all had recordings on Kingdom Records :
The Socratic method is a negative method of hypothesis elimination , in that better hypotheses are found by steadily identifying and eliminating those that lead to contradictions .
Moreover , after some time , some of these irreducible essential traits of human personality , for some reason or other , and by some mechanism or other , come to reside in other human bodies either some time during the gestation period , at birth , or shortly after birth .
The encyclopedia covers all the general topics , but the Jewish-Israeli emphasis is discernible , principally in articles dealing with Judaism , Jews , and Israel , which go beyond their general world discernible .
A soap bubble is a very thin film of soapy water that forms a sphere with an iridescent surface .
The blood cells are mainly red blood cells -LRB- also called RBCs or erythrocytes -RRB- and white blood cells , including leukocytes and platelets . The most abundant cells in vertebrate blood are red blood cells .
STS-2 was a space shuttle mission by NASA using the Space Shuttle Columbia , that launched on 12 November 1981 .
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note .
1988 & ndash ; The Candle demonstration in Bratislava is the first mass demonstration of the 1980s against the communist regime in Czechoslovakia .
The economy of Trieste , however , fell into a small decline after the city 's annexation to Italy after World War I/O. But Fascist Italy promoted a huge development of Trieste in the 1930s , with new manufacturing activities related even to naval and armament industries -LRB- like the famous '' Cantieri Aeronautici Navali Triestini -LRB- CANT -RRB- '' -RRB- .
The main features are columns by well-known people such as Piers Morgan , and has a particular stance towards gadgets , and as such has been criticised for brand favouritism .
The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor who exercises control over the department and enforces and suggests laws involving unions , the workplace , and all other issues involving any form of business-person controversies .
Its major sports complexes include Ivor Wynne Stadium and Copps Coliseum ; Hamilton is also home to the Canadian Football Hall of Fame museum . The museum hosts an annual induction event in a week long celebration that includes school visits , a golf tournament , a formal induction dinner and concludes with the Hall of Fame game involving the local CFL Hamilton Tiger-Cats at Ivor Wynne Stadium .
The Walt Disney Company began making sequels of most of its animated films for video release beginning with The Return of Jafar -LRB- the sequel to Aladdin -RRB- in 1994 .
Shawn Ashmore as Bobby Drake \/O/ Iceman : He can control the temperature of the moisture in the air around him to create constructs of ice or blasts of cold .
In fiction The Siege of Jerusalem was the climax of the plot of the 2005 movie Kingdom of Heaven directed and produced by Ridley Scott .
He is noted for his military tactics and prowess , commanding the forces of Medina and those of his immediate successors of the Rashidun Caliphate ; Abu Bakr and Umar .
His father , James Buchanan McAllister , was a British civil servant , originally from Glasgow -LRB- where the family still has relatives -RRB- , stationed in West Berlin since 1969 , where he was attached to the Royal Corps of Signals .
Examples may include :
History Rhenium -LRB- Latin Rhenus meaning Rhine -RRB- was the next-to-last naturally occurring element to be discovered and the last element to be discovered having a stable isotope .
The music video for '' Bootylicious '' , directed by Matthew Rolston , showed Destiny 's Child performing dance steps from Michael Jackson 's famous '' Billie Jean '' performance from the special ' .
The assistance of English Crusaders will result in friendly relations between England & Portugal for decades .
This page lists all inorganic chemical compounds of chlorine .
On April 5 , 2007 , as deputies pounded on his front door responding to an anonymous call to his home in the Tealside section of Lithia , Winter shot himself and died instantly .
The company is owned by the Christian conservative Philip Anschutz , who has said he expects their movies '' to be entertaining , but also to be life affirming and to carry a moral message . ''
Azad Kashmir has been considered politically , constitutionally and geographically as part of a separate state , i.e. Jammu & Kashmir .
After World War II Iceland became member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation -LRB- NATO -RRB- , but not of the European Union .
A vast undertaking , de Soto 's North American expedition ranged throughout the southeastern United States searching for gold and a passage to China .
Following the 2005 federal election , which his party lost , after three weeks of negotiations he stood down as Chancellor in favor of Angela Merkel of the rival Christian Democratic Union .
Cotton played harmonica on Muddy Water 's Grammy Award winning 1977 album Hard Again , produced by Johnny Winter .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
Zapata County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas .
Ernst Mayr approached the problem with a new definition for the concept of species .
He has played a key role in the success of the Turkish national squad , and it was at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , where Turkey finished third , that he earned a selection to the tournament 's All Star team .
-- -RRB-
Battledress , in the general sense , is the type of uniform used as combat uniforms , as opposed to ` display ' dress or formal uniform worn at parades and functions .
Their material contains elements of power metal and symphonic metal .
In a 2007 interview with MTV , Radcliffe stated that , for him , Harry is a classic coming of age character : '' That 's what the films are about for me : a loss of innocence , going from being a young kid in awe of the world around him , to someone who is more battle-hardened by the end of it . ''
Masashi Miyazawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
Port-au-Prince has food-processing plants as well as soap , textile , and cement factories .
, madÄ ris -RRB- is the Arabic word -LRB- of Semitic origin ; viz Hebrew midrash -RRB- for any type of educational institution , whether secular or religious -LRB- of any religion -RRB- .
He was born Prince Beommin -LRB- ë ë 1\/4 , æ æ -RRB- , and took the name Munmu when he succeeded his father to the throne .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic -LRB-/O1988/O-RRB- Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic -LRB-/O1988/O-RRB- , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
The American Robin begins to breed shortly after returning to its summer range .
At the start of the ratings war in 1995 through to mid-1996 , Raw and Nitro exchanged victories over each other in a closely contested rivalry .
Henry John Temple , 3rd Viscount Palmerston , KG , GCB , PC -LRB- 20 October 1784 & ndash ; 18 October 1865 -RRB- , more popularly known simply as Lord Palmerston , was a British statesman who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century .
Faction -LRB- literature -RRB- , a type of historical novel rooted in fact Faction -LRB- Planescape -RRB- , political factions in the game , Planescape Guild Wars : Factions , a computer game developed by ArenaNet Faction 28 , a music channel on SIRIUS Satellite Radio The Faction , a Punk rock band .
The 2009 -- 10 Chicago Blackhawks season is the club 's 83rd season in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
In her career so far , she has won 6 singles titles and 37 doubles titles , including three Grand Slam women 's doubles titles -LRB- 1 with Frenchwoman Julie Halard-Decugis and 2 partnering Belgian Kim Clijsters -RRB- .
They sing about their personal hardships , relationships , and desires .
Jamie Anderson at Allmusic As of 2007 she had released nine full-length albums .
This dwarfs even the better-known alligator snapping turtle , the largest chelonian in North America , which attains a shell length of up to and a weight of about .
Avon -LRB- village -RRB- , New York , within the town
Since 1 January 2010 , the new-article rate is currently : per day , computed hourly -LRB- current hour : -RRB- , with the rate typically 15 % lower during the Spring months , but higher in August .
This tradition originates from the Tokugawa period when the population of Edo -LRB- Tokyo -RRB- , being considerably wealthier than the rural poor , were more susceptible to beri beri due to their high consumption of white rice , which is low in thiamine .
The current archbishop is the Most Reverend Rowan Williams .
Population : 9,700 -LRB- 2005 est . -RRB-
Born a granddaughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom , she was given the name Alexandra Feodorovna upon being received into the Russian Orthodox Church , which canonised her as Saint Alexandra the Passion Bearer in 2000 .
It is the state bird of both Maine and Massachusetts , and the provincial bird of New Brunswick in Canada .
Parks The main parks in the city are : Santander Park -LRB- in Spanish , Parque Santander -RRB- , the main park of the city located in front of the city hall .
Good quality oregano may be strong enough to almost numb the tongue , but the cultivars adapted to colder climates often have a lesser flavor .
In the 1910s , Repulse Bay was developed into a beach , and the Repulse Bay Hotel was built in 1920 .
Daniel Barenboim -LRB- born November 15 , 1942 -RRB- is an Argentinian-born pianist and conductor .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
The large ones are known as maria -LRB- seas -RRB- and the small ones as lac s -LRB- lakes -RRB- .
The Soviet blockade of Berlin was lifted at one minute after midnight , on 12 May 1949 .
In biology , a Biological system -LRB- or Organ system -RRB- is a group of organs that work together to perform a certain task .
In 1983 , Pavitt moved to Seattle and started a record store , Fallout , as well as write a Sub Pop column for The Rocket , and host an independent-label specialty show on KCMU .
Keating grew up in Bankstown , a working-class suburb of Sydney .
The modern chemical symbol for sodium , Na , is an abbreviation of that element 's New Latin name natrium , which was derived from natron .
Music .
Howard H. Callaway May 15 , 1973 â '' July 3 , 1975 Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford
The original intention was to number the locomotives 958 to 960 , following on from the steam locomotives of the Z class , but as delivered they were numbered 1 to 3 in a separate list from the SR 's steam locomotives .
The first six to finish move on to the second round , in which they must complete a brainteaser with four written clues to guide them .
After performing in various musical venues in his hometown throughout his childhood , he decided to pursue a musical career and moved to Los Angeles after graduating from high school .
Jonathan Stephen Ross OBE -LRB- born 17 November 1960 -RRB- is an English television and radio presenter , best known for presenting the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross from 2001 until he left the BBC in 2010 .
This latter enthused Adriano Díaz , who donated a terrain where the High School was going to be constructed .
The Bathurst 1000 -LRB- currently called the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 -RRB- is a touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Scale -LRB- album -RRB- , an album by electronic artist Matthew Herbert
During her lifetime , Olga 's future marriage was the subject of great speculation within Russia .
Joel Hastings Metcalf -LRB- January 4 , 1866 â '' February 23 , 1925 -RRB- was an American astronomer .
Nicholas Breakspear was born near St Albans and applied to be admitted to the abbey as a novice , but he was turned down .
Khulna Division is one of the seven divisions of Bangladesh and is located in the south-west of the country .
Jell-O is a brand name belonging to U.S.-based Kraft Foods for a number of gelatin desserts , including fruit gels , puddings and no-bake cream pies .
It is illegal for a player to make a move that would put or leave his own king in check .
The race was traditionally run on the first Sunday in October but is now held on the second Sunday .
' is for quickly generating category tags related to birth and death years , including living people and missing or unknown values .
According to transportation engineers , traffic lights can have both positive and negative effects on traffic safety and traffic flow .
Scottish-born actor Mark McManus played the part of Kelly 's friend Joe Byrne .
At a meeting of the owners and governors , Conn Smythe rendered his resignation as Toronto 's
Peter Fox -LRB- born Pierre Baigorry ; also known as Enuff and Pete Fox -RRB- Born 3 September 1971 is a German reggae and hip hop musician from Berlin .
The '' cut-throat '' mode of play is also known as '' triangles '' .
Plastids may contain 60-100 genes whereas cyanobacteria often contain more than 1500 genes .
Goodnews Bay is located on the north shore of Goodnews Bay at the mouth of Goodnews River , at -LRB- 59.121408 , -161.585835 -RRB- .
A total of 12.16 i was recorded in Coyuca de BenÃ tez .
The SS was formed in 1925 as a personal guard unit for Nazi leader Adolf Hitler -LRB- '' Die Schutz-Staffel der NSDAP '' Squadron of the NSDAP -RRB- .
Unsuccessful in Dáil Éireann and Seanad Éireann elections in 1948 and 1951 , he was re-appointed as Attorney General in 1951 and in 1953 he was appointed as the youngest member of the Supreme Court by his mentor , de Valera .
Paul Frederic Simon -LRB- born October 13 , 1941 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter .
These restrictions still left considerable leeway for countries to allow production , internal trade , and use of cannabis for recreational purposes .
The top of the minaret is always the highest point in mosques that have one , and often the highest point in the immediate area .
Morcourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Capparis decidua is commonly known as kerda , kair , karir , kirir , karril , etc. .
Portals originated in the Polish and German Wikipedias .
See Interstate 880 for the American freeway
On Sundays between 2.30 pm and 5.30 pm a speakers ' forum takes place on the library forecourt , where orators take turns in speaking on various subjects .
A hunter-gatherer society is one whose primary subsistence method involves the direct procurement of edible plants and animals from the wild , foraging and hunting without significant recourse to the domestication of either .
As time passes , the risk of damage to the heart muscle increases ; hence the phrase that in myocardial infarction , '' time is muscle , '' and '' time wasted is muscle lost '' .
Tucker temporarily left the group when she became pregnant with her first child , Kerry '' Trucker '' Tucker , in early 1970 .
The Province of Savona -LRB- Italian : Provincia di Savona ; Ligurian : Provinsa de Sann-a -RRB- is a province in the Liguria region of Italy .
House had been retired from the music business for many years , working for the New York Central Railroad , and was completely unaware of the international revival of enthusiasm for his early recordings .
It is a principal component of most types of glass and substances such as concrete .
When King Henry died , the castle became the property of his son , Edward VI of England , who gave it to his uncle , Thomas Seymour who he made Lord of Sudeley .
Atlanta Falcons -LRB- -RRB-
However , a few hours later , the depression began weakening again , and late on August 19 Erin weakened significantly as the circulation dissipated over northeastern Oklahoma .
Rubidium compounds are sometimes used in fireworks to give them a purple color .
The circular motion of the wheel was changed to back-and-forth motion of the saw blade by a connecting rod known as a pitman arm -LRB- thus introducing a term used in many mechanical applications -RRB- .
Klingnau is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The forest service began using colorful posters to educate Americans about the dangers of forest fires .
Air mass classification involves three letters .
Newport Pagnell became the headquarters of Newport Pagnell Rural District under the Local Government Act 1894 . In 1897 Newport Pagnell became the sole civil parish comprising the newly created Newport Pagnell Urban District .
Formed in 1965 , Pink Floyd initially earned recognition for their psychedelic or space rock music and , as they evolved , for their progressive rock music .
Pure sulfur mustards are colorless , viscous liquids at room temperature .
Pope Leo XIII -LRB- 2 March 1810 - 20 July 1903 -RRB- , born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci to an Italian comital family , was the 256th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , reigning from 1878 to 1903 in succession to Pope Pius IX .
The crater Delporte on the Moon is named after him .
After a period of recuperation in Florida , Graham was hired as the first full time evangelist of the new Youth for Christ International which was co-founded by Torrey Johnson and evangelist Charles Templeton .
It lies on the Pierian plain , between Mt. Olympus and the Thermaikos Gulf , at an altitude of 14 m/O. The town , which is one of the newest in Greece , has a population of 56,576 -LRB- according to the 2001 census -RRB- .
It was discovered in 2007 by the Cassini probe and was named in 2008 after the Kraken , a legendary sea monster .
Mal receives a call from Inara , a former passenger .
Born in 1857 in Cincinnati , Ohio , into the powerful Taft family , Taft graduated from Yale College Phi Beta Kappa in 1878 , U.S. Presidents Who Are Phi Beta Kappa Members , Phi Beta Kappa website , accessed October 4 , 2009 and from Cincinnati Law School in 1880 .
Leif Erikson Day is an annual American observance occurring on October 9 .
Mézières - sur-Ponthouin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler -LRB- January 25 , 1886-November 30 , 1954 -RRB- was a German conductor and composer .
Scott wrote in his private journal in 1826 , in what later became a widely quoted comparison :
This changed the electoral boundaries from Limerick East and Limerick West to Limerick City and Limerick .
Crafts experienced a surprising expansion , and there were around 15 guilds active in the town ; the bootmaker and the most famous furrier guild were the ones to survive for the longest time .
Complex numbers were first conceived and defined by the Italian mathematician Gerolamo Cardano , who called them '' fictitious '' , during his attempts to find solutions to cubic equations .
Lake Helen is a city in Volusia County , Florida , United States .
Individual drivers are used to reproduce different frequency ranges .
Seeking revenge , Lotso pulls Woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the garbage .
The simulated crab meat product kanikama -LRB- short for kani-kamaboko -RRB- , the best-known form of surimi in the West , is a type of kamaboko .
Popular fable is that the bridge was designed and built by Sir Isaac Newton without the use of nuts or bolts , and at some point in the past students or fellows attempted to take the bridge apart and put it back together .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
.
About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo , from which a stream with an 80 m. waterfall flows .
Throughout his career , he has been an advocate for civil rights and humanitarian causes , and was a vocal critic of the policies of the George W. Bush Administration .
References External links De Fide , a non-profit association , uses Canon Law to defend the Roman Catholic Church from Heresy by filing lawsuits in Ecclesiastical Court , seeking the excommunication of impenitent offenders .
Burgess Hill is situated in the Sussex Weald , 10 miles -LRB- 16 km -RRB- north of Brighton , and about 4.5 miles -LRB- 7.5 km -RRB- south of Haywards Heath .
There are dozens of colleges and universities throughout the state .
Furbies sold for over $ 300 in newspapers and in auctions .
But the third edition of the book , published in 1810 , omits the character Juba , and instead has Lucy betrothed to one James Jackson .
The United States Secretary of State is the head of the United States Department of State , concerned with foreign affairs .
Arcens is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Heinz Kubsch -LRB- 20 July 1930 24 October 1993 -RRB- was a German football goalkeeper .
While the History traced how each branch of the sciences had evolved since antiquity , Whewell viewed the Philosophy as the '' Moral '' of the previous work as it sought to extract a universal theory of knowledge through the history he had just traced .
Insectivorous insects , or insects which feed on other insects , are beneficial to humans because they eat insects that could cause damage to agriculture and human structures . For example , aphids feed on crops and cause problems for farmers , but ladybugs feed on aphids , and can be used as a means to get significantly reduce pest aphid populations .
The knobbed whelk , Busycon carica , is a species of very large predatory sea snail , or in the USA , a whelk , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the busycon whelks .
On May 26 Lindström was arrested in central Sydney , and bail was denied .
Scott left in July 2001 , after the release of the single '' Wolf at the Door '' , apparently due to musical differences with Rice-Oxley , the other songwriter of the band .
Burgebrach is a market town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and the seat of the administrative community -LRB- Verwaltungsgemeinschaft -RRB- of Burgebrach .
The earliest known example is the one constructed by Crates of Mallus in Cilicia -LRB- now Ã ukurova in modern-day Turkey -RRB- , in the mid-2nd century BCE .
The data to be encoded is often called the '' message '' , and the hash value is sometimes called the message digest or simply digest .
Cushions and rugs can be used temporarily outside , to soften a hard ground .
In some operating systems running on some hardware , switching between threads belonging to the same process is much faster than switching to a thread from different process -LRB- because it requires more complicated process context switch -RRB- .
The angle of view created by a telephoto lens is the same as that created by an ordinary lens of the same specified focal length .
Cabo San Lucas -LRB- , Cape Saint Luke -RRB- , commonly called Cabo , is a city at the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula , in the municipality of Los Cabos in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur .
Wikio Italy web site Wikio is a European search engine for news and blogs .
California has banned the approval of new nuclear reactors since the late 1970s because of concerns over radioactive waste disposal .
Game Informer gave the game a 9.25 \/O/ 10 , and the reviewer said '' I ca n't think of any better way to kill a long plane ride '' .
2006 & ndash ; The first Kazakh space satellite , KazSat is launched .
There the stranger is revealed , in blessing and breaking the bread , as the resurrected Jesus before he disappears .
When drawing up boundaries for the London Boroughs , the Government had initially suggested that Metropolitan Borough of Lambeth and the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark should be merged to form a new borough , with the southern and eastern section of the Metropolitan Borough of Wandsworth -LRB- including Clapham , Streatham and Tooting -RRB- forming another .
The ingredients of traditional soda bread are flour , bread soda , salt , and buttermilk .
The size of the subwindows is variable , so the user is able to hide the commands window .
The probably most famous Swiss literary creation , Heidi , the story of an orphan girl who lives with her grandfather in the Alps , was one of the most popular children 's books ever and has come to be a symbol of Switzerland .
It is the central area around which the ancient Roman civilization developed .
Ned , Dan , Joe Byrne and Steve Hart now turned to bank robbery .
The province of A Coruña -LRB- also : , and Corunna in English -RRB- is the most North-western Atlantic-facing province of Spain , and one of the four provinces which constitute the autonomous community of Galicia .
Unlike other principalities , Moscow was not divided among his sons but was passed intact to his eldest .
Epic Movie is a 2007 American parody film directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer and produced by Paul Schiff .
Jasseron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
55 850 to 858 Emperor Montoku Michiyasu Traditional dates .
Powderfinger was an Australian rock band that formed in Brisbane in 1989 .
The Queanbeyan River runs through Queanbeyan , near the centre of the city and this area surrounding the river boast some of the highest house prices in the district .
He discovered fertilization of sea urchins , he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during inheritance and chromosome reduction during meiosis : in 1876 , he found that fertilization includes the penetration of a spermatozoon into an egg cell .
Books William Cecil Dampier , '' The theory of experimental electricity '' .
Initial computer models forecast the low-level circulation to turn southwestward and re-emerge into the Gulf of Mexico .
When she was 19 , she signed with Donald Trump 's modeling agency , T Management .
Green Eggs and Ham is a best-selling and critically acclaimed book by Dr. Seuss , first published in 1960 .
Nicolas Peifer , unseeded Frenchman surrendered the final match and Shingo Kunieda defend his 2009 title without play .
His mother , Regina Wender Fischer , was an American citizen of Polish Jewish descent , born in Switzerland and raised in St. Louis , Missouri .
He went on to the University of California , Berkeley , where his work with E. B. Babcock on the genetic evolution of plant species , and his association with a group of evolutionary biologists known as the Bay Area Biosystematists , led him to develop a comprehensive synthesis of plant evolution incorporating genetics .
The five known manuscripts of the Gettysburg Address differ in a number of details and also differ from contemporary newspaper reprints of the speech .
The events lead to the Treaty of Nerchinsk .
Mars is named after the mythological Roman god of war because it is a red planet , and red is the colour of blood .
The band 's first recordings were three songs that appeared on a 1986 compilation album for C/Z Records called Deep Six .
Rouvres is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Their current drummer is Pete Parada , formerly of Face to Face and Saves the Day , who has been with the band since 2007 .
Native applications for Windows XP , Windows Vista , Windows 7 and Mac OS X -LRB- Intel only -RRB- are available through Google Labs .
In 1880 he became ordinary professor in physics at the University of Palermo , where he studied the conduction of heat and electricity in bismuth .
Floudès is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
ISBN 966-00-0590-3 -LRB- 4 -RRB- Pyrohy or pirogi -LRB- plural -RRB- are full-sized pies , while pyrizhky or pirozhki -LRB- , -RRB- are individual-sized buns that can be eaten with one hand .
; Second form His second form is similar to his father King Cold , much larger , both in height and muscle mass , Frieza claiming to have at least doubled his power -LRB- of over 1,000,000 -RRB- in this state .
Subiaco is a town in Logan County , Arkansas , United States .
The line-up included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar , Jeff Ament on bass guitar -LRB- both ex-members of Mother Love Bone -RRB- , Mike McCready on lead guitar , Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder providing lead and backing vocals .
Avatar : The Last Airbender is a 61-episode , Emmy Award-winning American animated television series written and created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko .
His orchestrations of other composers ' works drew frequent criticisms , so when in 1929 he made an orchestral transcription of Bach 's Toccata and Fugue in D minor , he presented it as a transcription by a Russian composer called Paul Klenovsky .
Many lemon-flavored drinks and candies are available , including lemonade and lemonheads .
Although the work is uncritical and probably much interpolated , and the value of the articles is very unequal , it contains much information on ancient history and life .
Book Of Dreams -LRB- # 2 , 1977 -RRB- also included three successes : '' Jet Airliner '' -LRB- # 8 -RRB- , '' Jungle Love '' -LRB- # 23 -RRB- , and '' Swingtown '' -LRB- # 17 -RRB- .
T.S. Eliot Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats
Each of the ten heavenly stems is associated with one of the five elements of Chinese astrology , namely : Wood , Fire , Earth , Metal , and Water .
It tracked steadily northwestward , and attained tropical storm intensity on October 11 .
From February 1990 , he planned and organized the defense of several regions of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh .
The last such sheep and lamb fair was held in 1913 .
Meadowbrook Farm is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
To play duck on a rock most effectively , Naismith soon found out that a soft lobbing shot was far more effective than a straight hard throw , a thought which later proved essential for the invention of basketball .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus -LRB- ; see also List of Greek place names -RRB- is a large peninsula -LRB- technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal -RRB- and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
Wimereux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
date unknown & ndash ; Hosokawa Katsumoto , Japanese warlord
A contemporary and lifelong friend of Beethoven , Reicha is now best remembered for his substantial early contribution to the wind quintet literature and his role as a teacher â '' his pupils included Franz Liszt and Hector Berlioz .
The Travelcard is an inter-modal travel ticket for unlimited use on the London Underground , London Overground , Docklands Light Railway , Tramlink , London Buses and National Rail services in the Greater London area .
At Baccaro Point , 224 mm -LRB- 8.8 in -RRB- of rain was reported , while 145 mm -LRB- 5.8 in -RRB- fell at Sambro , near Halifax .
Thiernu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jethro , Moses ' father-in-law , came to see Moses and brought Moses ' wife and two sons with him .
The primary sources of information regarding Siddh rtha Gautama 's life are the Buddhist texts .
According to the 2007 U.S. Census estimates , the city had a population of 8,705 .
FNMTV -LRB- officially Feedback New MTV ; informally Friday Night MTV -RRB- was a music video program on MTV focused on premiering new music videos and airing viewers ' instantaneous feedback from its website .
Neuilly-Saint-Front
Torchwood is a British science fiction television program created by Russell T Davies .
Formerly owned by Trans World Communications , EMAP and now by Bauer Radio and is part of the company 's Big City Network of stations .
In a rainy season this river flow with lot of water and millions of gallons of water moves down to the Arabian Sea .
On 11 January 1954 , the first in-vision weather forecast was broadcast , presented by George Cowling .
27 -- 29 March 1941 , Battle of Cape Matapan .
A passing loop -LRB- also called a passing siding , crossing loop , crossing place or , colloquially , a hole -RRB- is a place on a single line railway or tramway , often located at a station , where trains or trams in opposing directions can pass each other .
He discovered and developed a broad range of fundamental ideas in many areas , including invariant theory and the axiomatization of geometry .
A coefficient is usually a constant quantity , but the differential coefficient of f is a constant function only if f is a linear function .
A cache is a block of memory for temporary storage of data likely to be used again .
Harvey W. Wiley , the '' father '' of the Food and Drug Administration in the U.S. , challenged the safety of benzoate which was banned in the 1906 Pure Food and Drug Act .
It incorporated three sets of modified Caprotti valve gear , relatively new to British locomotive engineering , and more efficient than Walschaerts or Stephenson valve gear .
At the age of 18 , Strauss , his mother and two sisters sailed for the United States to join his brothers Jonas and Louis , who had begun a wholesale dry goods business in New York City called J. Strauss Brother & Co. .
Each cnidocyte cell contains an organelle called a cnidocyst -LRB- or nematocyst -RRB- , which comprises a bulb-shape capsule containing a coiled hollow thread-like structure attached to it .
Her father , William M. Ryan , Sr. , was a sailor , gold miner , and truck farmer of Irish descent .
Constructed in 1937 , with additions in 1959 , the bridge spans the United States-Canada border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region , from which it derives its name .
In fact , two or more minerals may have the same chemical composition , but differ in crystal structure -LRB- these are known as polymorphs -RRB- .
The county is served by the Carteret County Public School System .
Inchy-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Clearly , they can not execute at the same time , and the second instruction ca n't be executed before the first .
As well as these principal conductors , the orchestra has had several notable guest conductors , including Arturo Toscanini , who made a series of commercial recordings with the orchestra in Queen 's Hall from 1937 to 1939 , which were released by His Master 's Voice in the UK and RCA Victor in the US .
The book was released in multiple versions including hardcover , paperback , and audio editions and has been translated into multiple languages and published all over the world .
October & ndash ; English troops under John Talbot , 1st Earl of Shrewsbury , land in Guyenne , France , and retake most of the province without a fight .
Hybrid Theory is the debut album by American rock band Linkin Park , released on October 24 , 2000 through Warner Bros. .
Wayne Mark Rooney -LRB- born 24 October 1985 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team .
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .
Dinosaurs are a diverse group of animals that were the dominant terrestrial vertebrates for over 160 million years , from the late Triassic period -LRB- about 230 million years ago -RRB- until the end of the Cretaceous -LRB- about 65 million years ago -RRB- .
Watson was cast as Hermione at the age of nine , having previously acted only in school plays . From 2001 to 2010 , she starred in seven Harry Potter films alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint ; she will return for the final installment : the second part of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
In the 2000 's , pop punk outfit Green Day produced two Grammy-winning concept albums 2004 's American Idiot and 2009 's 21st Century Breakdown ' '' 21st Century Breakdown '' follows Green Day 's '' American Idiot , '' the politically charged concept album from 2004 that has sold more than five million copies domestically and an estimated 12 million worldwide/O. , The Morning After ` American Idiot ' , The New York Times .
The next morning , after passing over the state , Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico , reintensified back to hurricane strength , and due to the warm waters of the Loop Current , began undergoing rapid deepening .
The terms graphite-reinforced polymer or graphite fiber reinforced polymer -LRB- GFRP -RRB- are also used but less commonly , since glass - -LRB- fiber -RRB- - reinforced polymer can also be called GFRP .
Helsinki has Finland 's largest fairgrounds .
Statistics of Austrian Football Bundesliga in the 1995/1996 season .
He has won about 30 tournaments in his professional life , including tournaments at Wijk aan Zee -LRB- in 1992 and 1994 -RRB- and first places in Biel -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Dos Hermanas -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Belgrade -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Tilburg -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , MalmÃ -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and Pamplona -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
Mullah Mohammed Omar -LRB- ; born c. 1959 -RRB- , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Today there are thousands of Cayce students and more than 300 books written about Edgar Cayce .
The building of the first Baja Bug is generally credited to Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete , circa 1968 .
Gamarthe is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Harnoncourt and his wife Alice Harnoncourt have raised four children .
-LRB- born February 20 , 1981 -RRB- is an American musician , best known as the mandolinist and a vocalist for the progressive acoustic trio Nickel Creek .
Saint-Jean-le-Vieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
His professors were some of the greatest economists : Nobel prize winners James Tobin and Thomas Schelling , to name a couple .
Eurythmics - previously unreleased bonus track on 2005 remaster of the album Touch -LRB-/O1983/O-RRB-
For instance , common window glass is an amorphous solid , many polymers -LRB- such as polystyrene -RRB- are amorphous , and even foods such as cotton candy are amorphous solids .
Puntland is a region in northeastern Somalia , centered on Garowe in the Nugaal province .
DolnÃ KrupÃ is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia .
Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1934/1935 season .
In the Prose Edda , Njord was introduced as '' the third among the Æsir '' , and among the Asynjur , Freyja is always listed second only to Frigg .
On Sunday morning , while most of the Borough is at church , Ellen talks with John , the apprentice .
A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound , confined spatially , can only take on certain discrete values of energy .
-LRB- This '' soft lock '' has been proposed as a built-in software feature in , and is already a feature of other wiki software . -RRB-
In architecture and building engineering , a floor plan , or floorplan , is a diagram , usually to scale , showing a view from above of the relationships between rooms , spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure .
Schneider decided to live and to work in France , slowly gaining the interest of film directors such as Orson Welles for The Trial -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , based upon Franz Kafka 's The Trial and was introduced by Delon to Luchino Visconti .
reference
The trap contains a fluid of the plant 's own production , which may be watery or syrupy and is used to drown the prey .
Almost immediately , Jenna Morasca and Heidi Strobel offered to take off all of their clothes if they were provided with chocolate and peanut butter .
1147 & ndash ; The Portuguese , under Afonso I , and Crusaders from England and Flanders conquer Lisbon after a four-month siege .
The wing is a classic example of convergent evolution in action .
Nucleobases -LRB- or nucleotide bases\/nitrogenous bases\/aglycones -RRB- are the parts of DNA and RNA that may be involved in pairing -LRB- see also base pairs -RRB- .
Perceval was the seventh son of John Perceval , 2nd Earl of Egmont , the second son of the earl 's second marriage .
Statistics of Football League of Ireland in the 1946/1947 season .
Eschatology covers the death of human beings , their souls after their bodily death , the total destruction of this world , the resurrection of human souls , the final judgments of human deeds by Allah after the resurrection , and the rewards and punishments for the believers and non-believers respectively .
The Foo Fighters are an American hard rock band from Seattle , Washington , formed in 1995 .
Kiribati became independent from the United Kingdom in 1979 .
Ancient toys were often made by the parents and family of the children who used them , or by the children themselves .
The capital city of Alberta is Edmonton , located just south of the centre of the province .
The organization has reported extensively on the anti-war movement and helped to put Cindy Sheehan on the map by publishing many of her writings .
Toulenne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Consadole Sapporo .
When he failed to show up for the pay-per-view , viewers were informed that he was unable to compete due to a '' family emergency '' and he was replaced in the title match by Johnny Nitro .
These further aerobic reactions use pyruvate and NADH + H + from glycolysis .
A rare , hard , blue-gray , lustrous transition metal , tantalum is highly corrosion resistant and occurs naturally in the mineral tantalite , always together with the chemically similar niobium .
Cable modems and VoIP With the advent of Voice over Internet Protocol -LRB- VoIP -RRB- telephony , cable modems have been extended to provide telephone service .
He composed solo piano music , chamber music , oratorio , opera , ballet music , and orchestral music .
Léaupartie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Cabrillo Beach is a popular destination for those interested in water sports , such as windsurfing , kayaking and scuba diving .
He competed in the 1959 world championship in the Netherlands in the individual pursuit and professional road race , finishing fourth in both .
William Jonathan Drayton , Jr. -LRB- born March 16 , 1959 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Flavor Flav , is an American rapper and television personality who rose to prominence as a member of the rap group Public Enemy .
The inhabitants of the three villages were buried in mass graves by a bulldozer .
Dalwal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Choa Saidan Shah TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 32 42 ' 0N 72 52 ' 60ELocation of Dalwal - Falling Rain Genomics
image_skyline = Tulcea .
Economy The economy of San José de Ocoa is based on agriculture ; the main crops are coffee , beans and potato .
5 There is a multitude of dates that could be considered to mark independence -LRB- see Independence of New Zealand -RRB- .6 Number of people who usually live in New Zealand .7 The Chatham Islands have a separate time zone , 45 minutes ahead of the rest of New Zealand .8 The territories of Niue , the Cook Islands and Tokelau have their own cctlds , .
The 1960s was the decade that started on January 1 , 1960 , and ended on December 31 , 1969 .
During this time , Burnham became friends with Baden-Powell , and passed on to him both his outdoor skills and his spirit for what would later become known as Scouting .
Alan Parker directed the film , with Madonna in the title role , Antonio Banderas as Che and Jonathan Pryce as PerÃ n/O. The film was nominated for five Academy Awards , winning one for Best Original Song -LRB- '' You Must Love Me , '' composed especially for the film -RRB- .
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The wingspan measures 4.5 to 6.8 cm .
Monroe consistently refused to take direction from Wilder , or insisted on numerous retakes of simple scenes until she was satisfied .
The islands experienced considerable economic difficulties following the collapse of the fishing industry in the early 1990s , but have since made efforts to diversify the economy .
43 Ariadne is a fairly large and bright main-belt asteroid .
'' No Doubt : Recording New Album Runs Rings Around Saturn '' .
Origin and use of the term Before the rise of the NSDAP , the term Wehrmacht generically described the domestic armed forces , of any nation , being used as the '' home defence '' version of the German Streitmacht or foreign war forces , thus , Britische Wehrmacht denoted '' British defence forces '' .
A three-dimensional object rotates always around an imaginary line called a rotation axis .
Repentance is an act recognized in Judaism , Christianity , Islam , and other religions .
Ralf Sigvard EdstrÃ m -LRB- born 7 October 1952 in Degerfors -RRB- is a former Swedish footballer .
It is the largest such region in terms of area , covering including Bristol , Gloucestershire , Somerset , Dorset , Wiltshire , Devon , Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly .
Theodore '' Ted '' Strickland -LRB- born August 4 , 1941 -RRB- was the 68th Governor of Ohio , serving from 2007 to 2011 .
It is part of the chain of the Lesser Sunda Islands , with the Lombok Strait separating it from Bali to the west and the Alas Strait between it and Sumbawa to the east .
Besides '' cooked '' , other common hints that the clue contains an anagram are words such as '' scrambled '' , '' mixed up '' , '' confused '' , '' baked '' or '' twisted '' .
The Giant Crane Fly -LRB- Holorusia rubiginosa -RRB- of the western United States can reach 38 mm -LRB- 1.5 inches -RRB- .
I really was not preparing myself for the future at all .
This is the last large-scale crusade of the Middle Ages .
Krill occur in all oceans of the world .
Monocytes are usually identified in stained smears by their large kidney shaped or notched nucleus .
See Armenian Highland for the geographical region .
In Western philosophy , language has long been closely associated with reason , which is also a uniquely human way of using symbols .
Real property and personal property are the two main subunits of property in English Common Law .
The Natural Park of Maremma lies in the province http://www.parco-maremma.it .
At the 2006 census , Tibooburra had a population of 161 .
More modern 90 Â V6 engine designs avoid these vibration problems by using crankshafts with offset split crankpins to make the firing intervals even , and often add balancing shafts to eliminate the other vibration problems .
Allen Hill 's pastorate was short lived at approximately 4 months .
His marriage to the African-American dancer caused shock and disapproval in his social circles , but the ostracized couple remained together .
She wrote the books Oboe Technique and the three-volume Oboist 's Companion , and her autobiography Living with Glorious John .
Montcornet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
She died on October 18 , 1982 from congestive heart failure ; a private funeral service was held October 21 , afterwards she was buried beside her husband in the courtyard of the Harry S. Truman Library .
Cressida is an inner satellite of Uranus .
The game is played by facing teams who strike -LRB- not catch -RRB- the ball with either a bare or gloved hand .
It was the first British paper to include a singles chart , which first appeared in the 14 November 1952 edition .
Rau died in Berlin on 27 January 2006 .
Like many eastern spices , pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine .
It has been declared a town only recently , in 2004 , and it contains , beside the main town of Dolhasca , another seven villages .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf lies at the center of the Lower Rhine basin , on a River delta , where the DÃ 1\/4 ssel flows into the Rhine .
Lauscha is a town in the district of Sonneberg , in Thuringia , Germany .
In 1815 , at the start of the Bourbon Restoration , Louis XVIII traded with her the HÃ tel Matignon for the Ã lysÃ e Palace .
Wimbledon station is a National Rail , London Underground , and Tramlink station located in Wimbledon in the London Borough of Merton , and is the only London station that provides an interchange between rail , Underground , and Tramlink services .
During the Civil War a battle took place here in 1648 , resulting in victory for the Parliamentarian forces .
Montenescourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
One kind of scientific skepticism refers to the critical analysis of claims lacking empirical evidence .
He was one of the original three animators -LRB- along with David Silverman and Bill Kopp -RRB- on The Simpsons ' Tracey Ullman shorts and subsequently directed a number of The Simpsons episodes -LRB- many of which had John Swartzwelder as an episode writer -RRB- before becoming supervising director at King of the Hill .
Olympic Flame , eternal flame used as a symbol for the Olympic Games
The Clean Tech Revolution -LRB- PDF -RRB- p. 3 .
Transcription is often confused with transliteration , due to a common journalistic practice of mixing elements of both in rendering foreign names .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali -LRB- Arabic : , Coptic : B - -RRB- -LRB- born 14 November 1922 -RRB- is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- from January 1992 to December 1996 .
In 2000 , she resigned as director of Mary Quant Ltd. , her cosmetics company , after a Japanese buy-out .
Chak Umra is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Along with Truman Capote , Joan Didion , Hunter S. Thompson , John McPhee , and Tom Wolfe , Mailer is considered an innovator of creative nonfiction , a genre sometimes called New Journalism , which superimposes the essay onto the nonfiction novel .
The steam generated by : Biomass The sun as the heat source : solar parabolic troughs and solar power towers concentrate sunlight to heat a heat transfer fluid , which is then used to produce steam .
It was the late 18th century that argument arose on his real existence .
Period = from :0 till :35000
The Redfern Riots on the evening of Saturday 14 February 2004 was an event in the inner Sydney suburb of Redfern sparked by the death of Thomas ` TJ ' Hickey , a 17 year old Indigenous Australian .
Species from different parts of the world easily hybridize , which has given rise to the many types of garden roses .
Sun Quan died in 252 at the age of 70 .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al. .
Jerome Lester '' Jerry '' Horwitz -LRB- October 22 , 1903 â '' January 18 , 1952 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Curly Howard , was an American comedian and vaudevillian .
Qutb ud-Din proclaims the Mameluk dynasty in India , the first dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate .
Flaviac is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Guise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that have been detected by the Cassini -- Huygens space probe , and had been suspected long before .
Cadmium compounds were used to stabilize plastic . With the exception of its use in nickel-cadmium batteries and cadmium telluride solar panels , the use of cadmium is generally decreasing in its other applications .
Colombia also shares maritime borders with Jamaica , Haiti , the Dominican Republic , Honduras , Nicaragua and Costa Rica .
He was arrested in 1897 for demonstrating against the Japanese monarchy , being subsequently released in 1904 and going to the United States .
For example , Hathor was worshipped as a nighttime protector in desert regions -LRB- see Serabit el-Khadim -RRB- .
Huygens probe The Huygens probe , supplied by the European Space Agency -LRB- ESA -RRB- and named after the 17th century Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens , scrutinized the clouds , atmosphere , and surface of Saturn 's moon Titan in its descent on January 15 , 2005 .
Roosevelt was responsible for the eventual establishment , in 1964 , of the 2,800 acre -LRB- 11 km2 -RRB- Roosevelt Campobello International Park on Campobello Island , New Brunswick , Canada .
One of his first acts as an emperor was to publicly order a halt to trials based on treason charges , which had long plagued the principate .
The league played two full season -LRB- 1996-97 and 1997-98 -RRB- and started a third -LRB- 1998-99 -RRB- before it folded on December 22 , 1998 .
That same year , baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team .
Tattingstone is a village in Babergh district in Suffolk , about 6 m south of Ipswich with a population over 500 . It is the location of Tattingstone Place and also of the folly known as the Tattingstone Wonder .
While the Countess and Cherubino are waiting for Susanna 's return , they suddenly hear the Count arriving , so Cherubino hides in the closet .
Rolling Hills is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
The Bobcat hunts by stalking its prey and then ambushing it with a short chase or pounce .
People did not like this idea and many people did not like Freud because he thought it was important .
A special feature is the smart encoding , which allows you to use 2 encodings at the same time ; you can send Unicode and read Unicode and CP-1252 for example .
El Puerto is an excellent place to sample local tapas and seafood , for which it is famous .
CrO2Cl2 is so aggressive that its storage can be problematic as it attacks rubber and most plastics as well as greases .
The Red Kangaroo breeds all year round .
Election results , French Ministry of the Interior On 16 May 2008 , she was made a knight in the French National Order of Merit , proposed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as '' chair of an international foundation '' .
Shawn Crahan -LRB- # 6 -RRB- Active : 1995 -- present Instruments : custom percussion , backing vocals Release contributions : all Slipknot releases Shawn Crahan was a member of the original band formed in 1995 and was initially the sole drummer for a short period of time .
At age 36 , Jindal became the youngest current governor in the United States .
Mohammad Rez Sh h Pahlavi , Shah of Iran , -LRB- Persian : ; 26 October 1919 -- 27 July 1980 -RRB- , was the emperor of Iran from 16 September 1941 , until his overthrow by the Iranian Revolution on 11 February 1979 .
At age twelve , he won the prestigious national mandolin championship at the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield , Kansas .
Jan Schlaudraff -LRB- born 18 July 1983 in Waldbröl -RRB- is a German footballer who currently plays for Hannover 96 , primarily as a striker .
Bishan currently has 3 shopping centres .
Joan Mondale , wife of Walter Mondale .
Teramo is a city and comune in the central Italian region of Abruzzo , the capital of the province of Teramo .
Buxton is within the sphere of influence of Greater Manchester due to its close proximity to the area .
The Kansas-Missouri border area became the first battlefield in the conflict over slavery and southern secession that led to the American Civil War .
These can be placed anywhere on the page , and can incorporate text , graphics and embedded objects .
Cinderella 's Enchanted Castle Activity
Liberal Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- GDR -RRB- -LRB- 1946-52 -RRB-
The most common feature is a cross with a rosette or a solar disc below it .
Accessed 2009.09.18 .
Kagome Higurashi is one of the main protagonists of the series .
Jorge Luis Dely Valdes -LRB- born March 12 , 1967 in Colon , Panama -RRB- is a Panamanian football player , one of the best of his generation .
On the north-side , the mountain borders the Drôme département .
From 1998 to 2007 , Chrysler and its subsidiaries were part of the German based DaimlerChrysler AG -LRB- now Daimler AG -RRB- .
Many artistic developments took place during the Edo Period .
Stratford station is a large multilevel railway station in Stratford , east London .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka .
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27 , 1947 .
-LRB- The cordillera occidental , central , and oriental -RRB- .
Improvisation became an important influence on her initial understanding of what it means to be an actress , as she noted in an interview for The Believer in November 2003 :
It intends to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording , editing , and other forms of media production .
Hirson is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Story of a Trooper ; with much concerning the Campaign on the Peninsula , -LRB- 1861 -- 1862 , -RRB- N. York , 1865 , 12mo .
In 1996 , Serge Vaudenay found a known-plaintext attack requiring 28r + 1 known plaintexts to break , where r is the number of rounds .
A straight-8 can be timed for inherent primary and secondary balance , with no unbalanced primary or secondary forces or moments .
Evening is the period between the late afternoon and night when daylight is decreasing , around dinner time .
The southern mountains form a barrier between the San Fernando Valley and the Los Angeles Basin , separating '' the Valley '' on the north and west-central Los Angeles on the south ; and the northern mountains separate the Conejo Valley from Malibu .
She is also Governor of the London School of Economics and the Open University .
Jamie Cullum - '' Frontin ' '' -LRB- originally by Pharrell -RRB-
Before being taken over by the BBC , the channel was known as The Parliamentary Channel , at first operated by United Artists Cable and funded by a consortium of British cable operators . The Parliamentary Channel launched as a cable-exclusive channel in 1992 .
Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Dabban , Daloa and Naroka .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
Curitiba has a topography of smooth rounded hills , giving a relatively regular shape .
'' Gallery '' , Haji Noor Deen .
Saint-C Ã me is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The thyroid gland is found in the neck , inferior to -LRB- below -RRB- the thyroid cartilage -LRB- also known as the ` Adam 's Apple ' -RRB- and at approximately the same level as the cricoid cartilage .
Sea level on the Great Barrier Reef has not risen significantly in the last 6,000 years .
Cosworth has had a long and distinguished career in Formula One , beginning in 1963 .
Westphalia instituted the legal concept of sovereignty , which essentially meant that rulers , or the legitimate sovereigns , had no internal equals within a defined territory and no external superiors as the ultimate authority within the territory 's sovereign borders .
Ripa played her sister , a soap opera star whose character was killed off , leading her to move in with Hope 's family .
Max Martin
The Core brand comprised two branches : the Duo -LRB- dual-core -RRB- and Solo -LRB- Duo with one disabled core , which replaced the Pentium M brand of single-core mobile processor -RRB- .
Guerrero and Barr 's first break would come when they were noticed in late 1994 by the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling , Paul Heyman , and were approached about wrestling for him in 1995 .
The city of Tizimín is the municipal seat and is located at about 160 km east of Mérida , Yucatán , 200 km west of Cancún , Quintana Roo , and 42 km south of Río Lagartos , the city 's traditional sea port on the Gulf of Mexico .
The Parable of the Faithful Servant -LRB- or Parable of the Door Keeper -RRB- is a parable of Jesus found in three out of the four Canonical gospels in the New Testament .
Thomas Spurgeon -LRB- 20 September 1856 17 October 1917 -RRB- was a British Reformed Baptist preacher of the Metropolitan Tabernacle , one of two non-identical twin sons of the famous Charles Haddon Spurgeon -LRB- 1834-1892 -RRB- .
Further appendages are found on the abdomen , with each segment capable of carrying a pair of biramous pleopods , the last of which form part of the tail fan -LRB- together with the telson -RRB- and are called uropods .
In the second week of March 2009 , Karthikeyan tested for the Kolles Le Mans Team .
Gregory Lenoir Allman -LRB- born December 8 , 1947 in Nashville , Tennessee -RRB- , known as Gregg Allman -LRB- sometimes spelled Greg Allman -RRB- , is a rock and blues singer , keyboardist , guitarist and songwriter , best known as a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band .
During the Immunity Challenge , Kim performed very badly and it seemed that she was throwing the challenge , while Koror 's '' buddy system '' brought them to another Immunity win .
On March 28 , 1794 , the president of the commission which developed the metric system , Joseph Louis Lagrange , proposed in a report to the commission the names dÃ ci-jour and centi-jour -LRB- deciday and centiday in English -RRB- .
The Catholic Church , Eastern Orthodox churches , Oriental Orthodox churches , Lutheran churches and Anglican Communion consider Peter a saint .
Stewardship of Cockatoo Island was handed to the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust in 2001 to plan a new chapter for the island as publicly-owned urban park .
Terrorism After the Cold War : Trends and Challenges by Michael Radu -LRB-/O2002/O-RRB- Latin America by Robert B. Kent -LRB- ISBN 978-1572309098 -RRB- , page 141Organized Crime : From Trafficking to Terrorism by Frank G. Shanty and Patit Paban Mishra -LRB- ISBN 978-1576073377 -RRB- , page 323
In the first stage , light-dependent reactions or light reactions capture the energy of light and use it to make the energy-storage molecules ATP and NADPH . During the second stage , the light-independent reactions use these products to capture and reduce carbon dioxide .
YouTube is a video-sharing website on which users can upload , share , and view videos .
Gesualdo died in isolation , at his castle Gesualdo in Avellino , three weeks after the death of his son Emanuele , his first son by his marriage to Maria . One twentieth-century biographer has suggested Gesualdo may have been murdered by his wife .
Freedom of the City is an honor bestowed by some municipalities in Australia , Canada , Ireland , France , Italy , New Zealand , South Africa , the United Kingdom , and Zimbabwe to esteemed members of its community or to organizations that have given the community heroic service ; the term applies to two separate honors , one civilian and one military .
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months , but on 4 February 1839 Gilbert went to the Swan River settlement .
We then gave three hearty cheers for the flag , the emblem of civil and religious liberty , and may it be a sign to the natives that the dawn of liberty , civilization , and Christianity is about to break upon them .
A religious denomination is a subgroup within a religion that operates under a common name , tradition , and identity .
This list of shipwrecks is a list of those sunken ships whose remains have been located .
Encyclopedia2 .
Reux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
For the role of Simon 's sister , River Tam , Whedon called in Summer Glau for an audition and test the same day .
Prior to 1900 , library facilities at Hiram College consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : Delphic , Hesperian , and Olive Branch .
She was born Evelyn Rothwell , and was known professionally by that name until after she was widowed , when she became known as Evelyn Barbirolli .
Hy-Vee -LRB- -RRB- is an employee-owned chain of supermarkets located in the Midwestern United States .
Its boundaries have changed considerably over time , but nowadays the region is considered to include parts of five Balkan countries : Greece , the Republic of Macedonia , Bulgaria , Albania , Serbia , as well as Kosovo .
While Bruni and Machiavelli used the term to describe the non-monarchial states of Northern Italy , res publica has a set of interrelated meanings in the original Latin .
Karel Svoboda was born in Prague , Czechoslovakia -LRB- now Prague , Czech Republic -RRB- and began his career as a pop composer after abandoning medicine in his third year of university .
He has been credited with the industrialization of the Republic of Korea through export-led growth .
Hyphenation is also routinely used to avoid unsightly spacing in justified texts -LRB- for example , in newspaper columns -RRB- .
Traditionally , resistors were used to limit the initial current .
Genus Heteromys
The battle of Kosovo was an important victory for the Ottomans .
The Möbius strip or Möbius band -LRB- or in English , in German -RRB- -LRB- alternatively written Mobius or Moebius in English -RRB- is a surface with only one side and only one boundary component .
The Rupal Valley is located in the Astore District of Pakistan 's Gilgit-Baltistan region .
It is used in the Gaelic games of hurling , camogie , rounders and shinty .
Smoot was born in Yukon , Florida .
War of the Austrian Succession First battle of Cape Finisterre : The British Navy defeats a French fleet .
'' Aias '' redirects here .
In 2003 , he played a villainous role in the third installment of the Spy Kids trilogy Spy Kids 3-D : Game Over which was a huge box office success -LRB- almost $ 200 million worldwide -RRB- .
This electronic review , currently called Hawk-Eye , is available at a limited number of high-level ATP tournaments .
The earliest solid proof of its existence dates from the 7th century ; a Chinese monk , I-Tsing , wrote that he visited Srivijaya in 671 for 6 months .
Apart from a few countries with an abundance of hydro power , this energy source is normally applied to peak load demand , because it is readily stopped and started .
Nine teams each played 48 games .
The Kia Sorento is a mid-size crossover SUV produced since 2002 by the South Korean automaker Kia Motors .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 29 .
During the 1960s , he was involved in extra-marital affairs with Nichelle NicholsNichelle Nichols , Beyond Uhura : Star Trek and Other Memories , G.P. Putnam & Sons , New York , 1994 .
The valley is highly irrigated , well peopled , and crowded with small fortified villages , orchards and groves , to which a fine background is afforded by the dark pine forests and alpine snows of the Safed Koh .
Starting in 1989 , Swedish medical doctor and scientist Staffan Lindeberg , now associate professor at Lund University , Sweden , led scientific surveys of the non-westernized population on Kitava , one of the Trobriand Islands of Papua New Guinea .
The following are point-and-click adventure games .
Both Anvil of Stars -- a sequel to The Forge of God -- and Moving Mars postulate a physics based on information exchange between particles , capable of being altered at the '' bit level . ''
Some genera -LRB- e.g. Cordyline and Dracaena -RRB- are sometimes separated off into a separate family , Dracaenaceae , though recent research has tended to incorporate these into a larger family Ruscaceae .
Jerry Seinfeld , , Bill Hicks , Sam Kinison , Louis C.K. , Bill Cosby , Lewis Black , Jon Stewart , Stephen Colbert ,
Elected from its members are the Gedeputeerde Staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the Commissaris van de Koningin appointed by the Crown .
The Sint Maarten national football team is the football team of Sint Maarten , the Dutch half of the Saint Martin island which was part of the former Netherlands Antilles -LRB- not to be confused with the team of the French half , the Saint-Martin national football team -RRB- and is controlled by the Sint Maarten Soccer Association .
June January 17 -- Pope Gregory XI moves the Papacy back from Avignon to Rome .
At Ancestry.com Her father , John Stewart , is a stage manager and television producer who has worked for Fox .
The band consists of Ben Kowalewicz -LRB- lead vocals -RRB- , Ian D'Sa -LRB- lead guitar and backing vocals -RRB- , Jon Gallant -LRB- bass guitar and backing vocalist -RRB- and Aaron Solowoniuk -LRB- drums and percussion -RRB- .
Claremore is a city and the county seat of Rogers County , Oklahoma , United States .
His elder brother Sun Ce carved out a warlord state in the region , based on his own followers and a number of local clan allegiances .
Treaty of Nice , a treaty adopted in Nice by the European Council
The ` Nagami ' kumquat requires a hot summer , ranging from 25 Â C to 38 Â C -LRB- 77 Â to 100 Â F -RRB- , but can withstand frost down to about -10 Â without injury .
Initially , there were no stores or traffic lights in Parkland , though this changed in the early 2000s . Parkland is also one of the wealthiest cities in Florida , and is home to many celebrities .
The official language of West Punjab was Urdu but most of the population spoke Punjabi using the Shahmukhi script .
There was considerable resistance on the part of Nupedia 's editors and reviewers to the idea of associating Nupedia with a website in the wiki format , so the new project was given the name '' Wikipedia '' and launched on its own domain , wikipedia.com , on January 15 -LRB- now called '' '' by some users -RRB- .
In Greek mythology , Cratos was a son of Pallas and Styx , and he was the personification of strength and power .
BBC Radio 7 -LRB- known until 4 October 2008 as BBC 7 -RRB- is a British digital radio station broadcasting comedy , drama , and children 's programming nationally 24 hours a day .
Born in New York City , New York , he worked for The Walt Disney Company as a character designer and story artist beginning in 1933 on the Mickey Mouse short , '' Mickey 's Gala Premiere '' .
Rosignano Marittimo is a comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno .
The city has about 115,426 inhabitants and is thus the second largest city of the region .
Croydon Palace was the summer residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury for over 500 years and included regular visitors such as Henry III and Queen Elizabeth I/PERSON. It is thought to have been built around 960 .
Raul has spent most of his career playing for Spanish club Real Madrid until 2010 and is the club 's all-time top goalscorer .
The identical Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 probes were designed with the possibility of a Grand Tour in mind , and their launches were timed to enable the Grand Tour if things went well .
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter located on the north side of Pittsburgh .
The town is one of the fastest growing towns in all of Ireland .
In Italian a tent pole is known as l'antenna centrale , and the pole with a wire alongside it used as an aerial was simply called l'antenna .
Pongidae Elliot , 1913
Kansas is an American rock band that became popular in the 1970s initially on Album-Oriented Rock charts , and later with hit singles such as '' Carry On Wayward Son '' and '' Dust in the Wind '' .
Electrophysiology -LRB- from Greek , Ä '' lektron , '' amber '' -LRB- see the etymology of '' electron '' -RRB- ; , physis , '' nature , origin '' ; and , - logia -RRB- is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues .
Furthermore , half of the opera takes place in a historical setting , and half takes place in the mythological Venusberg .
In the first seven seasons , there were only sixteen contestants .
The Bahrain Grand Prix -LRB- -RRB- is a Formula One Championship race which first took place at the Bahrain International Circuit on 4 April 2004 .
This day is a public holiday for all working within metropolitan Melbourne , but not for country Victoria .
The town was located at the center of a sizable region between the Klokotnitsa , Harmanliyska , and Maritsa rivers .
The word '' Do Aabi '' means '' the land between two rivers '' and this dialects is spoken between the rivers of Beas and Sutlej .
On her way to Heathrow Airport to start her new job with Air Australia , her car suffers a flat tire .
Vaishali or Vesali -LRB- Pali -RRB- was the capital city of the Licchavi , one of world 's first democratic republics , in the Vajjian Confederacy -LRB- Vrijji -RRB- mahajanapada , around the 6th century BC .
Riftia pachyptila lives over a mile deep and up to several miles deep on the floor of the Pacific Ocean near black smokers and can tolerate extremely high temperatures and sulfur levels .
The wolverine is distributed primarily in remote reaches of the Northern boreal forests and subarctic and alpine tundra of the Northern hemisphere , with the greatest numbers in Alaska , Canada , the Nordic countries of Europe and throughout western Russia and Siberia .
Yasuo Manaka -LRB- born 31 January , 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Lacon is a city in , and the county seat of , Marshall County , Illinois , United States .
Although mechanical bulls are still routinely used for rodeo training , they are also utilized as an amusement ride , both as a mobile rental -LRB- i.e. , party entertainment -RRB- and stationary entertainment found in bars , restaurants , and clubs .
Shooto ;
Vasily Jakovlevich Zinger -LRB- February 11 , 1836 â '' March 2 , 1907 -RRB- was a prominent Russian mathematician , botanist and philosopher .
The following year , she became a pupil of Géza Maróczy , considered one of the top chess masters of the early decades of the 20th century .
European exploration in the area began in 1815 and was followed two years later by John Oxley passing through the area on an expedition to explore the inland .
In 2003 , Rolling Stone magazine ranked Allman at # 2 in their list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time ; second only to Jimi Hendrix .
United Paramount Network -LRB- UPN -RRB- was a television network that was broadcast in over 200 markets in the United States from 1995 to 2006 .
Brand New Eyes is the third album by American Alternative rock band Paramore , released September 29 , 2009 through Fueled by Ramen in the United States and Canada .
Such a building may be called an apartment building , especially if it consists of many apartments for rent .
The 2006 Central Pacific cyclone , also called 91C .
It is the only one of the five copies to be privately owned .
In its first season , The West Wing garnered nine Emmys , a record for most won by a series in its first season .
Adaptation to the Arctic Spitz types are well suited to living in harsh northern climates .
The official and vernacular language is Hungarian , which is part of the Finno-Ugric family , thus one of the four official languages of the European Union that are not of Indo-European origin .
On May 19 , 1962 , Monroe made her last significant public appearance , singing '' Happy Birthday , Mr. President '' at a birthday party for President John F. Kennedy at Madison Square Garden .
CeyzÃ rieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
T is the twentieth letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
These mosques have square or rectangular plans with an enclosed courtyard and covered prayer hall .
On 11 November 1869 , Margherita gave birth to Victor Emmanuel , Prince of Naples , afterwards Victor Emmanuel III of Italy .
Infraclass Holostei -LRB- gars and bowfins -RRB-
Class 371 , Class 381 and Class 471 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker family of trains intended to operate services in the south-east of England .
The city is the capital of Mirpur Mathelo Taluka and is administratively subdivided into two union councils .
A triode is an electronic amplification device having three active electrodes .
There are over 142,200 people buried at the cemetery , with over 150 annual internments .
County capitals of Romania A municipality -LRB- municipiu in Romanian , from Latin municipium -RRB- is a level of administrative subdivision in Romania .
The first train carried 20 containers with a capacity of around and will travel from Islamabad , through Tehran , Iran and on to Istanbul in two weeks ' time .
James Douglas '' Jim '' Morrison -LRB- December 8 , 1943 -- July 3 , 1971 -RRB- was the lead singer and lyricist of American band The Doors .
The peat in the world 's peatlands has been forming for 360 million years and contains 550 Gt of carbon .
The county has a major international airport , the Oslo Airport , Gardermoen .
Monteux was so successful in improving the orchestra that NBC began broadcasting some of its concerts and RCA Victor offered the orchestra a new recording contract in 1941 .
Nyssa was created by writer Johnny Byrne for the Fourth Doctor serial The Keeper of Traken , but the production team subsequently decided that she should join the Doctor on his travels .
The Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands -- SPD -RRB- is Germany 's oldest political party .
School Excellence Award -LRB- SEA -RRB- , Ministry of Education , 2006 .
Jane Seymour -LRB- 1508 & ndash ; 24 October 1537 -RRB- was Queen consort of England as the third wife of King Henry VIII .
JÃ nos Bolyai -LRB- pronounced -RRB- -LRB- December 15 , 1802 â '' January 27 , 1860 -RRB- was a Hungarian mathematician , known for his work in non-Euclidean geometry .
Access In some countries , for example the UK , utility poles have sets of brackets arranged in a standard pattern up the pole to act as hand and foot holds so that maintenance and repair workers , known as linemen , can climb the pole to work on the lines .
The New Price Is Right -LRB- 1994-1995 -RRB- : A short-lived daily syndicated nighttime version hosted by Doug Davidson .
At the end of each season , members of the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association vote to determine the player who was the best defenseman during the regular season .
populationof = popofyear =
Pretoria is contained within the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations -LRB- among which also Centurion and Soshanguve -RRB- .
Ethelbert Woodbridge Nevin -LRB- November 25 , 1862 - February 17 , 1901 -RRB- was an American pianist and composer .
Katharine Hope McPhee -LRB- born March 25 , 1984 -RRB- is an American pop singer , songwriter , actress , model , and television personality .
The flowers are tiny , yellow , 5-petalled and are usually in twos and threes in the leaf axils .
Theatre Piper made her stage debut in a touring production of Christopher Hampton 's play Treats , which opened in early 2007 in Windsor .
Melling made his Great Britain debut in the 42-14 victory over the French on June 22 , 2007 , despite carrying an injury .
1928 & ndash ; Marion Ross , American actress
Other well-known Muppets include Sesame Street characters such as Big Bird , Oscar the Grouch , Elmo , Zoe , Bert and Ernie , Cookie Monster , Grover , Abby Cadabby and The Count , as well as the main characters of Fraggle Rock .
Taylor is considered one of the great actresses of Hollywood 's golden age .
It focuses its research on politics , culture , economy , education , environment , science and technology in Wales , with the aim of developing proposals for '' policy innovation and improvement '' and promoting new thinking on Welsh issues .
During the 1970s and 1980s , Schönefeld had its own crossing points through the Berlin Wall and communist fortifications for western citizens .
Silkworm legends In China , there is a legend that the discovery of the silkworm 's silk was by an ancient empress called Xi Ling-Shi .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
The town of Dubai was an important port of call for foreign tradesmen , chiefly those from Iran , many of whom eventually settled in the town .
The 7th century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I/O. The Pallavas were not a recognized political power before the 2nd century .
Vättern is the second largest lake -LRB- by surface area -RRB- in Sweden , after Lake Vänern and the sixth largest lake in Europe .
The term is not always used consistently : some use it to refer to any extramarital sex , some use it to refer to sex in a casual relationship , whereas others reserve its use for one-time encounters , promiscuity , or to refer to sex in the absence of emotional attachment or love .
The Tillamook are a Native American tribe from Oregon of the Salish linguistic group .
The Goonyella railway line which services a number of coal mines in the Bowen Basin was closed for one week and shipments of grain were also delayed .
Lucas Sang -LRB- 12 February 1961 -- 1 January 2008 -RRB- was a Kenyan athlete who participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics , held in Seoul .
On January 1 , 2006 Nazareth had a total population of 10,947 .
Julio Salinas Fernández -LRB- born September 11 , 1962 in Bilbao , Basque Country -RRB- is a former Spanish-Basque footballer , during the 1980s and 1990s .
Another early example of town twinning dates back to 1947 when Bristol Corporation -LRB- later Bristol City Council -RRB- sent five ` leading citizens ' on a goodwill mission to Hanover .
Jill Tracy Jacobs Biden -LRB- born June 5 , 1951 -RRB- is an American educator and , as the wife of Vice President of the United States Joe Biden , is the Second Lady of the United States .
Fully restored in 2000 , its eight 42 f wide arches reach 70 f above the Stoke Rivers valley -- the largest narrow-gauge railway structure in England .
Rubidium -LRB- Latin : , deepest red -RRB- was discovered in 1861 by Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchhoff in the mineral lepidolite through the use of a spectroscope .
In 1918 â '' 19 VÃ zina won 10 games and helped the Canadiens defeat the Ottawa Senators in the NHL playoffs for the right to play for the Stanley Cup against the PCHA champion , the Seattle Metropolitans .
Girls usually complete puberty by ages 15 â '' 17 , while boys usually complete puberty by ages 16 â '' 18 .
A crescent is a shape , form or symbol .
This release is different to the bonus disc found on the original album 's deluxe edition in that it excludes the remixes of '' SOS '' and of the bonus tracks '' Cry '' and '' Haunted '' .
The Aristocats is an animated feature produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 and stars Eva Gabor and Phil Harris , with Roddy Maude-Roxby as Edgar the butler , the villain of the story .
If the animal is preyed upon then the behavior or characteristics of its predator can influence how the camouflage develops .
They work closely with the UN and other organizations .
Some studio films released direct-to-video are films which have been completed but were never released .
Though it produced the hit '' Minority '' and a smaller hit with '' Warning '' , some observers were coming to the conclusion that the band was losing relevance , and a decline in popularity followed .
Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends is an American animated television series created and produced at Cartoon Network Studios and Boulder MediaPowerpuff Girls 10th Anniversary Interview With Creator Craig McCracken Cold Hard Flash : Flash Animation News , Videos and Links by animator Craig McCracken .
In both the Cloverly and Antlers Formation , Deinonychus remains have been found closely associated with those of the ornithopod Tenontosaurus .
The Microsoft Network debuted as an online service and Internet service provider on August 24 , 1995 , to coincide with the release of the Windows 95 operating system.About.com - Microsoft timeline and profile
On September 23 the area of low pressure moved over the YucatÃ n Peninsula and was producing thunderstorms from the southern Gulf of Mexico to the northwestern Caribbean Sea .
June 6 & ndash ; The Ashmolean Museum opens as the world 's first university museum .
Tarot cards are used throughout much of Europe to play card games .
Located on the island 's north-western coast , it is the island 's port , with facilities for unloading goods delivered to the island , and the center of the island 's road and communications network .
It averages 4 feet -LRB- 120 cm -RRB- long but may grow to be 6 feet -LRB- 180 cm -RRB- long .
His specialty was animating Mickey Mouse as he was the only one of the Nine Old Men to work on that character from its origins with Ub Iwerks .
-LRB- At one point '' Mr Preview '' accuses Eric Morecambe of playing the wrong notes ; Eric retorts that he has been playing '' the right notes , but not necessarily in the right order . '' -RRB-
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
The project consists of Red Hat employees , but in theory operates independently .
Albert Jacka VC , MC & Bar -LRB- 10 January 1893 & ndash ; 17 January 1932 -RRB- was an Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest decoration for gallantry '' in the face of the enemy '' that can be awarded to members of the British and Commonwealth armed forces .
From the Middle Ages to the Enlightenment , '' science '' had more-or-less the same sort of very broad meaning in English that '' philosophy '' had at that time .
Eagle automobile , an automotive brand of the Chrysler Corporation from 1988 to 1998
The Advance Wars series on the Game Boy Advance allowed link-play using link cables .
Regions are divided into provinces -LRB- second-level administrative division -RRB- , each headed by a governor -LRB- gobernador -RRB- , appointed by the President .
Paulo Silas do Prado Pereira , best known as Silas -LRB- born August 27 , 1965 in Campinas -RRB- is a former Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
He also took part in Band Aid 20 's re-recording of '' Do They Know It 's Christmas ? ''
The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .
Si-mon-ee -RRB- is the crime of paying for sacraments and consequently for holy offices or positions in the hierarchy of a church , named after Simon Magus , who appears in the Acts of the Apostles 8:18 -24 .
Latest version The latest stable version is Mandriva Linux 2009 Spring -LRB- 2009.1 -RRB- , released on 2009-04-29 .
On June 4 , 2007 , he received his country 's highest decoration , the Gran Cruz de la Orden del Sol del Perú . ''
The National Hurricane Center continually predicted Debby to intensify to hurricane status , though strong vertical shear ultimately prevented the storm from becoming a hurricane .
-LRB- 3943 feet -RRB- Location of Jhangi To the south lies the municipality of Abbottabad
At the 2000 census the population was 546 , making it the second largest city in the North Slope Borough .
Could not find area on this page .
The larva , known as the Salt Marsh Caterpillar , is highly variable in color and ranges from pale yellow to dark brownish-black .
Marcionists believed that the wrathful Hebrew God was a separate and lower entity than the all-forgiving God of the New Testament .
Like most of Massive Attack 's albums , the music often defies categorisation , ranging from R&B -LRB- title track , Sly -RRB- to hip hop\/rap -LRB- Karmacoma , Eurochild -RRB- to reggae-tinged synthpop -LRB- Spying Glass -RRB- to classical-influenced electronica instrumentals -LRB- Weather Storm , Heat Miser -RRB- .
In following decades , Burke continued to maintain his Labor party contacts and parliamentary influence , using them to further his career as a pro-business lobbyist .
Lassicourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
June 27 & ndash ; Louis XII of France -LRB- d. 1515 -RRB-
It is the chief city of the Canton of Calvi , which contains Calvi and one other commune , Lumio .
Scientists anticipate that the craft will reach the heliopause in 2015 .
In addition , it is the terminus of the Stansted Express , a fast link to London Stansted Airport .
East India is a station on Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- in east London .
It came equipped with productivity tools such as OpenOffice.org 1.1.2 , Mozilla Firefox -LRB- version 1.0 -RRB- web browser , Gaim -LRB- version 1.0 -RRB- , etc. .
In 1953 the city was renamed Stalinogród -LRB- '' Stalin City '' -RRB- by the Polish communist government .
Georg-Christof Bertsch -LRB- \* 30 May 1959 in Seeheim-Jugenheim -RRB- is a German Design Consultant and university lecturer .
Note that the corresponding Mac OS X release may have been released on a different date ; refer to the Mac OS X pages for those dates .
A large jetty makes the Arts Centre accessible by boat .
Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres -LRB- ; 29 August 1780 -- 14 January 1867 -RRB- was a French Neoclassical painter .
Municipal council , a subdivision of France
He played for Brazil national team .
Caesar also married again , this time Calpurnia , who was the daughter of another powerful senator .
Appoggiatura Appoggiatura -LRB- , -RRB- comes from the Italian verb appoggiare , '' to lean upon '' .
The gallon is a measure of volume approximately equal to four liters .
He is usually known by those outside the field of mathematics for his essay from 1940 on the aesthetics of mathematics , A Mathematician 's Apology , which is often considered one of the best insights into the mind of a working mathematician written for the layman .
For a right-handed player , this means that a backhand begins on the left side of the body , continues across the body as contact is made with the ball , and ends on the right side of the body , with the racquet over the left shoulder .
The original four-year sponsorship deal has now been extended through to 2013 .
Eucalyptus was first introduced from Australia to the rest of the world by Sir Joseph Banks , botanist , on the Cook expedition in 1770 .
Sofia Gubaidulina used the Royal Theme of the Musical Offering in her violin concerto Offertorium -LRB- 1980 -RRB- .
However , problems with Mrs. Thurber about his salary , together with increasing recognition in Europe â '' he had been made an honorary member of the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Vienna â '' and a remarkable amount of homesickness made him decide to return to Bohemia .
Heat is transferred from the source , through the '' working body '' of the engine , to the sink , and in this process some of the heat is converted into work by exploiting the properties of a working substance -LRB- usually a gas or liquid -RRB- .
Allison is a city in and the county seat of Butler County , Iowa , United States .
A criterium , or crit , is a bike race held on a short course -LRB- usually less than 5 km -RRB- , often run on closed-off city centre streets .
The school is notable for being the first university in North America to create a Faculty of Mathematics , and for having the largest co-operative education program in the world .
These three dynasties were in constant struggle with each other vying for hegemony over the land .
Big Dogs , based in Santa Barbara , California , was a chain of stores in the United States which features clothing and apparel holding the '' Big Dogs '' brand name .
On 15th March 2008 , the former Councils of Noosa Shire , Maroochy Shire and Caloundra City amalgamated to form the Sunshine Coast Regional Council .
It has a total capacity of 6,310 -LRB- 2,590 seated -RRB- so currently has less than 50 per cent of the Scottish Premier League criterion of 6,000 seats .
Switzerland
Geronimo -LRB- Chiricahua : GoyaaÅ Ã , '' one who yawns '' ; often spelled Goyathlay or Goyahkla in English -RRB- -LRB- June 16 , 1829 -- February 17 , 1909 -RRB- was a prominent Native American leader of the Chiricahua Apache who fought against Mexico and the United States for their expansion into Apache tribal lands for several decades during the Apache Wars .
Some frequently occurring examples of these three classes are shown below , with live cells shown in black , and dead cells shown in white .
Normally Egyptian gods were shown in profile , but instead Bes appeared in portrait , ithyphallic , and sometimes in a soldier 's tunic , so as to appear ready to launch an attack on any approaching evil .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
Rouperroux-le-Coquet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
This is the Milner-Barry Gambit , named after Sir Stuart Milner-Barry , considered of marginal soundness by present-day theory , and has never had any proponents at the highest levels of play .
Subcultures have been chronicled by others for a long time , documented , analysed , classified , rationalised , monitored , scrutinised .
Real tennis is still played by enthusiasts on 47 existing courts in the United Kingdom , Australia , the United States , and France .
The Programme for International Student Assessment -LRB- PISA -RRB- is a triennial world-wide test of 15-year-old school children 's scholastic performance , the implementation of which is coordinated by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is a professional wrestling video game released by THQ and developed by YUKE 's Future Media Creators .
'' What does the filler text '' lorem ipsum '' mean ? ''
, named for the setting of the musical play .
He has suffered from Parkinson 's disease for about 15 years , has had hydrocephalus , pneumonia , broken hips , and prostate cancer .
With the onset of the wet season , when the billabongs and swamps start to fill with water , the night air is filled with the sounds of frogs such as the northern bullfrog and the marbled frog .
Milt Gabler eventually became an A&R man for Decca Records , in addition to owning Commodore Records , and he signed Holiday to the label on August 7 , 1944 , when Holiday was 29 .
Throwback uniforms and jerseys are one-time or limited-time variations on a sports team 's uniforms styled to resemble uniforms from that team 's past .
James Benjamin Peake -LRB- born June 18 , 1944 -RRB- is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
It is a parody of '' It 's All about the Benjamins -LRB- Rock Remix -RRB- '' by Sean '' Puff Daddy '' Combs and focuses on the narrator 's obsession with his computer 's hardware .
The film was written and directed by the Wachowski brothers and released simultaneously in sixty countries on November 5 , 2003 .
Oscar Niemeyer was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro in 1907 in Laranjeiras neighborhood , on a street that later would receive the name of his grandfather Ribeiro de Almeida .
A sponsor is the individual or group that provides the support , similar to a benefactor .
Rocks of the Cenozoic era yield very large numbers of gastropod fossils , many of these fossils being closely related to modern living forms .
She was winner of the first cycle of Germany 's Next Top Model .
None of these bells has survived .
RVD grabbed the briefcase and won the match .
The population was 9,435 at the 2000 census .
From 1939 he collaborated with Eugen Fink at the Husserl-Archives in Leuven .
The University of Florida -LRB- Florida or UF -RRB- is a public land-grant , sea-grant , space-grant major research university located on a campus in Gainesville , Florida , in the United States .
It lies in the valley of Araluen creek , that joins the Deua River at roughly the mid point in its course .
The angle began when Vince McMahon 's son , Shane McMahon , announced on Raw that he bought WCW from under his father 's nose .
The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball franchise based in St. Petersburg , Florida , and are the defending American League champions .
Many plants have several common names , and many common names refer to several distinct plants .
The historical setting dates around 520 BCE before the Temple has been rebuilt . 520 BCE falls between the start of the Persian empire in 539 BCE and 520 BCE a period that saw major kings such as Zerubbabel helped lead the Jews in their return to the land .
He is sometimes nicknamed The Philosopher of Football .
This famous phrase signifies the continuity of sovereignty , attached to a personal form of power named Auctoritas .
It is directed by Brett Ratner , who took over when Bryan Singer dropped out to direct Superman Returns .
The city has a population of 52,740 Ayuntamiento de Puertollano - Informe demográfico -LRB- January 2010 -RRB- -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Sicard invited Gallaudet to Paris to study the school 's method of teaching the deaf using manual communication .
Embedded systems control many devices in common use today .
On September 20 , while located 420 miles -LRB- 680 km -RRB- southwest of Cabo San Lucas , Juliette attained a peak strength of 150 mph -LRB- 240 km/h -RRB- , the strongest tropical cyclone of the season .
April 18 -- Boleslaw I Chrobry is crowned as the first king of Poland .
Most larger hospitals are associated with cancer support groups which provide a supportive environment to help patients cope and gain perspective from cancer survivors . Online cancer support groups are also very beneficial to cancer patients , especially in dealing with uncertainty and body-image problems inherent in cancer treatment .
This film is number 100 on Bravo 's 100 funniest movies , and 113 on Empire 's 500 Greatest Movies of All Time .
Fewer people know that he combined his career with that of ordained Anglican clergyman .
Phocidae : -LRB- true seals or earless seals -RRB- comprise around 19 species of highly aquatically adapted , barrel-shaped animals ranging from 45 kg and 1.2 meters in length -LRB- the Ringed Seal -RRB- , to 2,400 kg and 5 meters -LRB- Southern Elephant Seal -RRB- .
Modelled on the British public schools , throughout the first part of its history the College both influenced and was influenced by government and maintained a reputation as a Tory bastion from its founding .
Hybrid Theory is the debut album by American rock band Linkin Park , released on October 24 , 2000 through Warner Bros. .
James was a popular performer in the late 1970s and 1980s , scoring four # 1 hits on the U.S. R&B charts performing in the genres of funk and R&B .
In the fall of 1554 Foxe moved to Frankfurt , where he served as a preacher for the English church ministering to refugees in the city .
11 The Empire-Builder from Calisota 24 D 93288 Uncle Scrooge # 295 The story take place between 1909-1930 .
Stegosaurus -LRB- Diracodon -RRB- laticeps was described by Marsh in 1881 , from some jawbone fragments .
The Chinese inventor Zhang Heng -LRB- 78 â '' 139 -RRB- was the first in history to apply motive power in rotating the astronomical instrument of an armillary sphere , by use of a water wheel .
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People , first published in 1989 , is a self-help book written by Stephen R. Covey .
The Alaska Range is a relatively narrow , 650-km-long -LRB- 400 mi -RRB- mountain range in the southcentral region of the U.S. state of Alaska , from Lake Clark at its southwest end to the White River in Canada 's Yukon Territory in the southeast .
Every year the city hosts a large Remembrance Day memorial service , the largest in the UK outside of London in 2006 .
The village is located above Lago di Vogorno , a reservoir formed by the Verzasca Dam .
Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south , the two monuments are broadly contemporary overall .
Arya is able to give directions to the exact location of the Varden : a city called Tronjheim , which sits in the mountain Farthen DÃ '' r/O. She also adds that they have only four days to reach the Varden or she will die . The group go in search of the Varden , both to save Arya 's life and to escape Galbatorix 's wrath .
Approximately 320km -LRB- 200mi -RRB- in length , the Yaqui flows south and southwest to empty into the Gulf of California .
Selenium monochloride was originally produced by the chlorination of selenium . Currently , it is generated by the reaction of selenium , selenium dioxide , and hydrochloric acid : 3 Se + SeO2 + 4 HCl â ' 2 Se2Cl2 + H2O
Temerin town has a population of 19,143 , and Temerin municipality 28,201 .
This sport and its champions were described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Karl Philipp Moritz , Christian Joseph Jagemann , Richard Colt Hoare , Jacob Burckhardt , William Wetmore Story , Giacomo Leopardi , Edmondo de Amicis , Giuseppe Baretti , Antonio Francesco Grazzini , Ottavio Rinuccini , Gabriello Chiabrera , Tommaso Grossi , Giuseppe Gioachino Belli .
Barbuise is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
A brewery is a dedicated building for the making of beer , though beer can be made at home , and has been for much of beer 's history . A company which makes beer is called either a brewery or a brewing company .
Construction paper -LRB- sugar paper -RRB- is a tough , coarse , colored paper .
On November 3 , 2008 a work by Malevich entitled Suprematist Composition from 1916 set the world record for any Russian work of art and any work sold at auction for that year , selling at Sothebyâ s in New York City for just over $ 60 million U.S. -LRB- far surpassing his previous record of $ 17 million set in 2000 -RRB- .
January 23 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England , then 18 years old , appears incognito in the lists at Richmond , and is applauded for his jousting before he reveals himself .
, and '' Oh , yes it is ! ''
Tristan , overjoyed , asks if her ship is in sight , but only a sorrowful tune from the shepherdâ s pipe is heard .
A nest is a place of refuge to hold an animal 's eggs and/or provide a place to live or raise offspring .
The album was not recorded digitally , but rather on tape .
Arbace comes with news that the people , led by the High Priest of Neptune , are clamoring for Idomeneo .
27 , No. 1 -RRB- and No. 20 -LRB- Op .
In 2001 , the Madison Black Wolf became the Lincoln Saltdogs -LRB- Lincoln , Nebraska -RRB- while in 2003 the Duluth-Superior Dukes became the Kansas City T-Bones -LRB- Kansas City , Kansas -RRB- .
Once they crossed the Colorado River , the party rode upstream for approximately four miles to the gold fields .
The star of the Order consists of a silver St Andrew 's saltire , with clusters of rays between the arms thereof .
Aenictogiton is a genus of ants , comprising seven rarely collected species , and given its own subfamily , Aenictogitoninae .
Gloucestershire -LRB- -RRB- is a county in South West England .
Jien records that Itoku was the second or third son of Emperor Annei , Brown , p. 251 .
In 1899 , Bede was made a Doctor of the Church by Leo XIII , a position of theological significance ; he is the only native of Great Britain to achieve this designation -LRB- Anselm of Canterbury , also a Doctor of the Church , was originally from Italy -RRB- .
They have several common names including ginger ants and tropical fire ants -LRB- English -RRB- , hormigas bravas or hormigas coloradas -LRB- Spanish -RRB- , fourmis de feu -LRB- French -RRB- , Feuerameisen -LRB- German -RRB- , mod-kun-fai -LRB- Thai -RRB- , and aka-hi-ari or aka-kami-ari -LRB- Japanese -RRB- .
Usually credited with the title 's creation is Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli .
During battle , the player may fight , use an item , switch the active PokÃ mon , or flee -LRB- the last not an option in battles against trainers -RRB- .
The town was home to Victoria 's first registered gold discovery made by James Esmond .
Families celebrating Kwanzaa decorate their households with objects of art ; colorful African cloth such as kente , especially the wearing of kaftans by women ; and fresh fruits that represent African idealism .
It also ceded the Liaodong Peninsula -LRB- then known to the Western Press as Liaotung -- the southern portion of , now part of modern Liaoning province -RRB- , the islands of Taiwan -LRB- Formosa -RRB- and Penghu to Japan .
The municipality had , in 2002 , a total population of 77,698 : 38,093 men and 39,605 women .
As one of the four remaining contributing voices to the Backstreet Boys , Dorough is notable for his high falsetto .
Portrayed by American actor David Duchovny , Mulder was a main character for the first seven seasons but was limited to a recurring character for the last two seasons due to the fact that portraying actor Duchovny wanted to move on .
The hurricane , known as the Hurricane of San Marcos or the Straits of Florida Hurricane , caused massive flooding in Cuba and south Florida , resulting in 2000 casualties .
Englesqueville-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 2002 , the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group purchased Pennzoil-Quaker State to form SOPUS -- Shell Oil Products US .
When from agricultural sources , plant matter used as a fuel can be replaced by planting for new growth .
Auxon is a commune in the Aube dÃ partement in north-eastern France .
Rather , the name came about because the Russian word Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ -LRB- krasnaya -RRB- can mean either '' red '' or '' beautiful '' -LRB- the latter being rather archaic -RRB- .
It goes from Interstate 275 in Tampa , Florida -LRB- -RRB- to Interstate 95 at Daytona Beach , Florida -LRB- -RRB- .
Klaus Kreimeier , The Ufa story : a history of Germany 's greatest film company , 1918 -- 1945 -LRB- University of California Press , 1999 -RRB- , p156
Brown 's ten years and two months as Chancellor of the Exchequer made him the longest-serving Chancellor in modern history .
It differs from other Latter Day Saint movement traditions in that it also accepts the Pearl of Great Price as part of its canon , and it has a history of teaching eternal marriage , eternal progression , and plural marriage -LRB- although the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints had abandoned the practice by the early 20th century -RRB- .
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1930 -- 31 -LRB- listed with their first team , asterisk -LRB- \* -RRB- marks debut in playoffs -RRB- :
Kubica qualified ninth , beating his more experienced teammate Nick Heidfeld .
The Tuvalu national soccer team is the international football team of Tuvalu .
He also was Rapid 's captain from 1997 until 2001 .
She discovered that chimps will systematically hunt and eat smaller primates such as colobus monkeys .
is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
The Undertaker and Steve Austin defeated Kane and Mankind to win the WWF Tag Team Championship -LRB- 17:28 -RRB- Undertaker pinned Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
They are able to do this because they rely on hydrogenosomes -LRB- or similar organelles -RRB- instead of on mitochondria for energy .
A magnetic field is a field of force produced by moving electric charges , by electric fields that vary in time , and by the ` intrinsic ' magnetic field of elementary particles associated with the spin of the particle .
Tosh followed with appearances on programs such as The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , Jimmy Kimmel Live !
1910 & ndash ; Frank Loesser , American composer -LRB- d. 1969 -RRB-
Beinwil -LRB- Freiamt -RRB- in the canton of Aargau
David Livingstone -LRB- 19 March 1813 -- 1 May 1873 -RRB- was a Scottish Congregationalist pioneer medical missionary with the London Missionary Society and explorer in Africa .
Epicurus -LRB- , '' ally , comrade '' ; 341 BCE â '' 270 BCE -RRB- was an ancient Greek philosopher and the founder of the school of philosophy called Epicureanism .
The Mafeking Cadet Corps was a group of youths that supported the troops by carrying messages , which freed the men for military duties and kept the boys occupied during the long siege .
History Orne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution , on March 4 , 1790 .
The Godfather received Academy Awards for Best Picture , Best Actor , and Best Adapted Screenplay , and has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry .
Max Alfred '' Maxi '' Priest -LRB- born 10 June 1962 -RRB- is a British reggae vocalist of Jamaican descent .
One traditional scheme for classifying English sentences is by the number and types of finite clauses :
Pressure -LRB- the symbol : P -RRB- is the force per unit area applied in a direction perpendicular to the surface of an object .
No single known cause for all of the different types of leukemia exists .
Greyhound Lines , Inc. , based in Dallas , Texas , is an intercity common carrier of passengers by bus serving over 3,700 destinations in the United States , Canada and Mexico , operating under the well-known logo of a leaping greyhound . It was founded in Hibbing , Minnesota , USA , in 1914 and incorporated as '' Greyhound Corporation '' in 1929 .
Wood also bravely introduced British audiences to many noteworthy European composers , especially Sibelius and composers of the Russian school .
Adventure Parks Group purchased the balance of the property , also subject to the conservation easement .
Hilversum lies some 30 km south-east of Amsterdam and 20 km north of Utrecht .
One species , Rhamphosuchus crassidens of India , is believed to have grown to an enormous 15 metres -LRB- ~ 50 feet -RRB- or more .
The order contains two suborders , Mysticeti -LRB- baleen whales -RRB- and Odontoceti -LRB- toothed whales , which includes dolphins and porpoises -RRB- .
However , the decline of the Scottish Conservatives has not been constantâ '' in the 1992 General Election , the Scottish Conservatives gained a seat in Scotland to become Scotland 's second party , with 11 seats north of the border , and the party is currently second in several Scottish seats that could provide a basis for long-term recovery .
The class is divided into two subclasses : Elasmobranchii -LRB- sharks , rays and skates -RRB- and Holocephali -LRB- chimaeras , sometimes called ghost sharks , which are sometimes separated into their own class -RRB- .
In the central highlands this resulted in unification in a kingdom with the city of Samaria as its capital , possibly by the second half of the 10th century BCE when an inscription of the Egyptian pharaoh Shoshenq I , the biblical Shishak , records a series of campaigns directed at the area .
In October 2006 , Apple added a Starbucks Entertainment area to the iTunes Store , selling music similar to that played in Starbucks stores .
It seems to belong to a group all of its own , with semi-major axis ~ 30 G and inclination ~ 160 Â .
In 1852 , Leenhoff gave birth , out of wedlock , to a son , Leon Koella Leenhoff .
AETN .
Charles Parker , Jr. -LRB- August 29 , 1920 â '' March 12 , 1955 -RRB- , famously called Bird or Yardbird , was an American jazz saxophonist and composer .
Occasionally , they will scavenge if necessary , and may resort to cannibalism in captivity ; however , this has not been observed in the wild .
Anastasia 's supposed survival was one of the celebrated mysteries of the 20th century .
Palau , officially the Republic of Palau -LRB- -RRB- , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles -LRB- 800 km -RRB- east of the Philippines and 2,000 miles -LRB- 3,200 km -RRB- south of Tokyo .
Her relics were transferred on 1 May so that she might be buried beside Willibald , and that day carries her name in the Finnish and Swedish calendars .
Several organizations have stated that difficulties currently experienced by the Armenian minority in Turkey are a result of an anti-Armenian attitude by the Turkish government Armenian Swiss website .
Cobalt -LRB- II , III -RRB- oxide is chemical compound with the formula Co3O4 .
Homo -- humans
Adams has stated repeatedly that he has never been a member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army -LRB- IRA -RRB- .
Quantico is located south of the mouth of Quantico Creek on the Potomac . As of the 2000 census , Quantico had a population of 561 .
He won the presidential elections in 2002 , with a broad coalition of support and was easily re-elected in 2007 .
The glands are enclosed in a capsule of connective tissue and internally divided into lobules .
The University of St. Andrews is chartered by papal bull .
Afterward , the couple began to teach Leah sign language , first with Signing Exact English -LRB- SEE -RRB- , then with American Sign Language -LRB- ASL -RRB- , so that they could learn to communicate .
Typically a Wellerism consists of three parts : a proverb or saying , a speaker , and an often humorously literal explanation .
Paul Ivan Thompson -LRB- November 2 , 1906 -- September 13 , 1991 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey forward who played 13 season in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Bryan Owen '' Pete '' Young -LRB- born March 19 , 1968 in Meadville , Mississippi -RRB- is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in and .
The publication in Ms. magazine of a photo of Gerri Santoro , who died of blood loss following a back-alley abortion , was used extensively to illustrate the dangers of illegal abortions .
Kenneth '' Ken '' Moore Whisenhunt -LRB- born February 28 , 1962 in Augusta , Georgia -RRB- is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team , leading them to the first Super Bowl in franchise history during the 2008 season .
Thousand Foot Krutch -LRB- shortened as TFK -RRB- is a Canadian rock band formed in 1997 .
YES -LRB- Your Extraordinary Saturday -RRB- a learning program from the Minnesota Institute for Talented Youth
At the immunity challenge , Jon and Sandra felt uncomfortable , while Lil felt fine . Sandra fell early .
In ancient Greece , the Acropolis -LRB- literally : '' peak of the city '' -RRB- , placed on a commanding eminence , was important in the life of the people , serving as a refuge and stronghold in peril and containing military and food supplies , the shrine of the god and a royal palace .
Collectively , these RFCs have come to be called Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions -LRB- MIME -RRB- .
As in the 2000 presidential election , voting controversies and concerns of irregularities emerged during and after the vote .
T. longobardicus -LRB- Bassani , 1886 -RRB-
Handel adopted the spelling '' George Frideric Handel '' on his naturalisation as a British subject , and this spelling is generally used in English-speaking countries .
MUNICIPIO DE TIMAUKEL FIRMÓ CONVENIO EDUCATIVO Y CULTURAL CON COMUNA DE LOLOL Urban pop .
The key is said to have a peaceful , serene feel , and was used quite often by Franz Schubert .
Hamilton almost single-handedly worked out the nation 's early financial system , and for several years was a major presence in Washington 's administration as well .
Typically when describing the physical device the term ` engine ' is used .
Knight or Dame of the Order of Australia -LRB- AK or AD , no new appointments -RRB- ; Established 1976 , disestablished 1986 without prejudice to pre-existing appointments .
Jan Polák -LRB- born 14 March 1981 in Brno -RRB- is a Czech international footballer .
Prince of Wales 's feathers - the personal badge of the Prince of Wales derives from the '' shield for peace '' of Edward , the Black Prince .
Engineer 's notes Derbysulzers.com - Retrieved on 2007-11-25 They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order , but differed from their classmates by being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing , as opposed to the standard 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit of the remaining fleet .
A way to express division all on one line is to write the dividend , or numerator then a slash , then the divisor , or denominator like this :
It is also commonly called a worship service .
While part of the circulating cholesterol originates from diet , and restricting cholesterol intake may reduce blood cholesterol levels , there are various other links between the dietary pattern and cholesterol levels .
He has worked with the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority before moving to the Open University where he is Professor of Technology Policy and has developed courses on technological innovation , focusing in particular on renewable energy technology .
It is made of the Cyrillic letter Ð with a breve .
The serotypes that have been confirmed in humans , ordered by the number of known human pandemic deaths , are : H1N1 caused '' Spanish Flu '' in 1918 , '' Swine flu '' in 2009 H2N2 caused '' Asian Flu '' .
The Province of Massa-Carrara -LRB- -RRB- is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
The first use of the Escort name was for a reduced specification version of the Ford Squire , a 1950s estate car version of the Ford Anglia 100E , though this did not sell very well by comparison to the other members of the 100E family .
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates , flowers , and dies in a year or season .
Sylvester J. Pussycat , Jr. , or simply Sylvester Junior -LRB- he is also referred to as '' Spoiled Brat '' -RRB- , is the son of Sylvester the cat . Junior first appeared in the 1949 short Pop ` im Pop , directed by Robert McKimson and eventually appeared in a total of 11 shorts in the Golden age .
The highest temperature ever , recorded on 28 July 1921 , was 40.3 C -LRB- 104.5 F -RRB- , and the lowest was a 20.7 C -LRB- 5.3 F -RRB- reached on 1 January 1985 .
The river also has the second-largest flow in the world , behind the Amazon ; the second-largest drainage basin of any river , again trailing the Amazon ; and is the deepest river in the world , at depths greater than 750 feet .
Caraula is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,560 people . It has the following constituent villages : Caraula .
Just outside the Valley of the Shadow of Death he meets Faithful , also a former resident of the City of Destruction , who accompanies him to Vanity Fair , where both are arrested and detained because of their disdain for the wares and business of the fair .
The performer is known as a stand-up comic , stand-up comedian or simply a stand-up .
It is a soft , low-melting solid that can easily be cut with a knife .
The friction clutch or post and clutch system uses a clutch that moves along a post .
It is used primarily to reduce the pain of intramuscular injection of penicillin , and it was also used in dentistry .
1945 & ndash ; Hong Kong is liberated from Japan by British Armed Forces .
The Filth and The Fury , St. Martin 's Press , 2000 , pg .
A multiplayer demo was released to the public on March 15 , 2007 .
However , Jodi Bearmanâ '' the chaperone who organized the trip , stated , '' the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move '' .
Wine also provides a software library known as Winelib against which developers can compile Windows applications to help port them to Unix-like systems .
Loire-Atlantique is part of the current region of Pays-de-la-Loire and is surrounded by the department of Morbihan , Ille-et-Vilaine , Maine-et-Loire , and Vendée , with the Atlantic on the west .
In North Rhine-Westphalia , there are some cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants which are not urban districts , for example Recklinghausen , Siegen , Paderborn , Bergisch Gladbach , Neuss and Moers .
Named in August 2003 after the giant Siarnaq -LRB- also known as Sedna -RRB- in Inuit mythology , it is the largest member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites .
The Sermon on the Mount may be compared with the similar but more succinct Sermon on the Plain as recounted by the Gospel of Luke -LRB- 6:17 -- 49 -RRB- , which occurs at the same moment in Luke 's narrative , and also features Jesus heading up a mountain .
Since 1969 , the holiday has been observed on the third Monday in April , providing a three-day long weekend .
Inches of mercury , inHg , or Hg is a unit of measurement for pressure .
Viljandi is a town and municipality in southern Estonia with a population of 19,870 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
has been used to refer to more general assignments of natural numbers to mathematical objects .
Malu , the Ghost Witch of the Mountain , arose as a figure of Earth Kingdom legend in the years following the Fire Nation 's first strikes .
Saint-Omer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Religion According to the 2006 census , Christianity is the predominant religion in New Zealand , held by 55.6 % of the population , a decrease from 60.6 % at the 2001 census .
The town was founded on the site of the village of Khangarh in 1847 by General John Jacob , for many years commandant of the Sind Horse , who died here in 1858 .
Hence an error that occurs during the process of writing may leave the redundant copies in different states , and furthermore may leave the copies in neither the old nor the new state .
Because the bars must be at least six inches wide , small representations of the Alabama flag do not meet the legal definition .
Habitats of rough-skinned newts are found throughout the West Coast of the United States and British Columbia .
The Bailiwick of Guernsey -LRB- ; -RRB- is a British Crown Dependency in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy .
Emanuel Feuermann -LRB- November 22 , 1902 , Kolomyia , Galitzia , Austro-Hungarian Empire -- May 25 , 1942 , New York City -RRB- was an internationally celebrated cellist in the first half of the 20th century .
My Gym Partner 's a Monkey is an American animated television series created by Timothy and Julie McNally Cahill and produced by Cartoon Network Studios .
Early life and family background Bonham Carter was born in Golders Green , London .
The system contained an exposed low-level circulation , which intermittently passed beneath a persistent area of convection to its northeast .
The film was released on February 6 , 2007 and rated G by the MPAA .
The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to land on the shores of Tasmania .
True Jackson , VP is an American television sitcom , the series premiered on November 8 , 2008 , though it rarely airs on Nickelodeon , it can usually be seen on The N/O. The series stars Keke Palmer , Ashley Argota , Matt Shively , Danielle Bisutti , Greg Proops , Robbie Amell and Ron Butler .
Jumencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Although the development of television was the result of work by many inventors , Baird was a prominent pioneer and made major advances in the field .
Flórez also appeared on the 2-sol stamp , part of a series of five stamps honoring contemporary Peruvian musicians issued on November 29 , 2004 .
In 1919 it merged with the TonkÃ 1\/4 nstler Orchestra .
The Japan national football team represents Japan in association football and is controlled by the Japan Football Association , the governing body for association football in Japan .
For a distance of some along the river , in the vicinity of Oxford , the Thames is known as The Isis .
It is the seventh game by Mönkkönen , but only the fifth to be released fully in English .
The process chosen was one of two options implemented in the West German constitution -LRB- Grundgesetz ; literally : Basic Law -RRB- of 1949 .
Carcinogenity of radiation depends of the type of radiation , type of exposure and penetration .
1794 & ndash ; U.S. President George Washington invokes the Militia Law of 1792 to suppress the Whiskey Rebellion in western Pennsylvania .
Chéry-Chartreuve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Issey Morgan Nakajima-Farran -LRB- Japaneseï 1\/4 ä å ã ã ã ã ä ç '' -RRB- -LRB- born May 16 , 1984 in Calgary , Alberta -RRB- is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for the Danish Superliga club AC Horsens .
'' Origin of agriculture and domestication of plants and animals linked to early Holocene climate amelioration '' , Anil K. Gupta \* , Current Science , Vol .
A bridesmaid is typically a young woman , and often a close friend or sister .
Kronborg is situated near the town of HelsingÃ r -LRB- immortalized as Elsinore in Shakespeare 's Hamlet -RRB- on the extreme northeastern tip of Zealand at the narrowest point of the Ã resund , the sound between Denmark and Sweden .
Discovered by William Herschel in 1787 , Titania is named after the queen of the fairies in Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
Tanystropheus -LRB- Greek '' long '' + '' vertebra '' -RRB- , was a 6 metre -LRB- 20 ft -RRB- long reptile that dated from the Middle Triassic period .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1929/1930 season .
70 km2 -- Amherst Island , largest island in Lake Ontario
John Arne Semundseth Riise -LRB- born 24 September 1980 in Ã
The batting order , or batting lineup , in baseball is the sequence in which the nine members of the offense take their turns in batting against the pitcher . The batting order is the main component of a team 's offensive strategy .
Discordianism is a religion centered on the idea that chaos is all that there is , and that disorder and order are both illusions that are imposed on chaos .
The word '' ruminant '' comes from the Latin ruminare , which means '' to chew over again '' .
Mystery Science Theater 3000-like moments occur as the characters comment on the original film 's proceedings .
The current standard of 130 at bats , 50 innings pitched or 45 days on the active roster of a Major League club -LRB- excluding time in military service or on the disabled list -RRB- before September 1 was adopted in 1971 .
Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau -LRB- ; 5 July 1889 & ndash ; 11 October 1963 -RRB- was a French poet , novelist , dramatist , designer , boxing manager , playwright , artist and filmmaker .
He subsequently sang at Milan 's La Scala -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , the Glyndebourne Festival -LRB- from 1954 on -RRB- and London 's Royal Opera House , Covent Garden -LRB- 1954 , 1956 and 1958 -RRB- .
Jeffrey '' Jeff '' Lynne -LRB- born 30 December 1947 ; Shard End , Birmingham -RRB- is an English songwriter , composer , arranger , singer , guitarist , and record producer who gained fame as the leader and sole constant member of Electric Light Orchestra and was a co-founder and member of The Traveling Wilburys .
Die große Wundarzney Ulm , 1536 -LRB- Hans Varnier -RRB- ; Augsburg -LRB- Haynrich Stayner -LRB- = Steyner -RRB- -RRB- , 1536 ; Frankfurt \/O/ M. -LRB- Georg Raben \/O/ Weygand Hanen -RRB- , 1536 .
The folklore of Japan is heavily influenced by both Shinto and Buddhism , the two primary religions in the country .
Because the top of the continental crust is above that of the oceanic , water runs off the continents and collects above the oceanic crust . The continental crust and the oceanic crust are sometimes called sial and sima respectively .
The province has an area of 3,125 kmÂ which is divided into eight administrative districts -LRB- arrondissementen -RRB- containing 64 municipalities .
October 29 , 1947 -RRB- , wife of the President of the United States , Grover Cleveland , and First Lady of the United States from 1886 to 1889 , and again from 1893 to 1897 .
Kamviri is a dialect of the Kamkata-viri language spoken by 5,500 -LRB- or up to 10,000 -RRB- of the Kom people of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
In 2002 the '' Passchendale Peace Concert '' in Flanders had June sharing the stage with Coope Boyes and Simpson .
The suburb is said to derive its name from the Old Norse '' Krkor '' which means a nook or corner of land .
Shadow of the Colossus , released in Japan as Wander to KyozÅ , is an action-adventure video game published by Sony Computer Entertainment -LRB- SCEI -RRB- for the PlayStation 2 .
It has seven subspecies , but only T. m. confinis in the southwest is particularly distinctive , with pale gray-brown underparts .
She has won two Academy Awards , eight Grammy Awards , four Emmy Awards , a Special Tony Award , an American Film Institute award , a Peabody Award .
As a result of these events , the relationship between Hamilton and Alonso temporarily collapsed , with the pair not on speaking terms for a short period .
Amettes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Balanced budget provisions have been added to the constitutions of most U.S. states , the Basic Law of Germany and the Swiss Constitution .
The Yamato polity evolved much during the Asuka period , which is named after the Asuka region , about 25 km south to the modern city of Nara .
A brother-in-law -LRB- plural brothers-in-law -RRB- is the brother of one 's spouse , the husband of one 's sister , or the husband of one 's spouse 's sister .
Sargassum is a genus of brown -LRB- class Phaeophyceae -RRB- macroalga -LRB- seaweed -RRB- in the order Fucales .
He is the only man to hold the WWF Junior Heavyweight Championship and the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship simultaneously .
It was released on November 5th , 2007 and features all of McFly 's UK singles .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 1,395 .
Stefan Uro II Milutin of Serbia founds the Banjska monastery .
Passenger travel and mail delivery is by helicopter , weather permitting .
The company 's name is a combination of the last names of the two founders , Charles Hyde , and David Vredenburg -LRB- Take the first two letters of Hyde 's name , the V from Vredenburg , and add a double E to the end , and you have the company name Hy-Vee -RRB- .
Shangri-la is a large , dark region of Saturn 's moon Titan at .
The album featured a variation on Edguy 's style , with a less grandiose , more traditional heavy metal approach being embraced .
The ossuary became a tourist attraction on a small scale from the early 19th century and has been open to the public on a regular basis from 1867 .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 km .
However , biomass also includes plant or animal matter used for production of fibers or chemicals .
It is also advocated to various degrees by many Protestant confessions of faith and catechisms , including those of Lutheranism , Arminianism , and Calvinism .
In the last seven years of his life Busoni worked sporadically on the Klavierübung , a compilation of exercises , transcriptions , and original compositions of his own , with which he hoped to pass on his accumulated knowledge of keyboard technique .
He thought that stronger countries could not bring a socialist revolution to other places .
County Mayo -LRB- -RRB- is one of the twenty-six counties of the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two counties of Ireland .
Valleys of some abandoned rivers can still be seen on satellite and aerial images of the hills of Ohio and West Virginia between Marietta , Ohio , and Huntington , West Virginia .
Carter studied at Yale and at Goddard College .
In his Philosophical Investigations , Wittgenstein demonstrated that the elements of games , such as play , rules , and competition , all fail to adequately define what games are .
It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it .
The war originated from a quarrel between the goddesses Athena , Hera , and Aphrodite , after Eris , the goddess of strife and discord , gave them a golden apple , sometimes known as the Apple of Discord , marked '' for the fairest '' .
This was championed by Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and received airtime on MTV2 .
September 30 & ndash ; The inhabitants of Trieste -LRB- now in northern Italy -RRB- donate their city to Duke Leopold III of Austria .
In physics :
In addition to regular , mostly hourly , news bulletins , the station broadcasts a wide range of longer , more in-depth news and current affairs strands .
The Specials -LRB- sometimes called The Special AKA -RRB- are an English 2 Tone ska revival band formed in 1977 in Coventry , England .
The successful blockade of Germany contributed to its military defeat in 1918 , and , still in effect , enforced the signing of the Versailles Treaty in mid-1919 .
They are known to bark defensively in response to any outside noise .
She arrives with a client , a creepy professor -LRB- played by the same actor as Dr. Goll , Lulu 's first husband -RRB- .
Variations of dress do occur depending on local business culture and climate .
Hercules is acting like a horse and pulling an old style plow at his mom 's house .
CondÃ - sur-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Since 1958 , his major title has been HRH The Prince of Wales .
Alan Meale -LRB- L -RRB-
Athenodoros Cananites , Stoic philosopher -LRB- b. 74 BC -RRB-
SabliÃ res is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The cathedral of Gloucester , the magnificent abbey church of Tewkesbury , and the church of Cirencester with its great Perpendicular porch , are described under their separate headings .
In tandem with the removal of Routemaster buses , Livingstone oversaw the introduction of articulated buses in London , which were swiftly nicknamed '' bendy buses '' .
JPG 2005-2008 Opel Vectra C -LRB- facelift -RRB- station wagon
The change also made it easier to distinguish references to the party from the labor movement in general .
Gay traditionally means ` happy , ' but in English it also means homosexual , and this meaning is more common now .
He continues to retain his position with the SimÃ n BolÃ var National Youth Orchestra .
Interview for SFX magazine His Waterworld script was thrown out , and only two of his lines were kept in the final script of X-Men .
Multiple threads can exist within the same process and share resources such as memory , while different processes do not share these resources .
The city of Victoria de Durango is the state 's capital .
Its climate is Temperate with cold winters and warm , drier summers .
In mathematics , a unit circle is a circle with a radius of one .
The Maccabees are a rock band from London , England .
Billy Kidman then entered the match , pinning and eliminating Noble following a top rope BK-Bomb .
In Japan , the term anime does not specify an animation 's nation of origin or style ; instead , it serves as a blanket term to refer to all forms of animation from around the world . English-language dictionaries define anime as '' a Japanese style of motion-picture animation '' or as '' a style of animation developed in Japan '' .
They grow to 4 -- 30m tall , and some are dry-season deciduous .
From precise astrometric measurements of the movement of the visible star over a sufficiently long period of time , information about the mass of the companion and its orbital period can be determined .
It is the oldest and largest library association in the world , with more than 62,000 members .
Kilmarnock is a large burgh in East Ayrshire , Scotland , with a population of 44,734 .
Though it was initially rejected by thirteen publishers before eventually being accepted by Rex Collings Ltd , Watership Down has never been out of print , and was the recipient of several prestigious awards .
The optimism of 1900 was gone , and those who fought in the war became known as '' the Lost Generation '' because they never fully farted .
The fifth and last single from the album , '' Fool Again '' , also peaked at # 1 .
It is also linked to Sydney by rail .
Merit badges are awards earned by youth members of the Boy Scouts of America -LRB- BSA -RRB- , based on activities within an area of study by completing a list of periodically updated requirements .
Two other major arteries are also sometimes identified as the northern border of '' lower '' or '' downtown Manhattan '' : Canal Street , roughly half a mile north of Chambers Street , and 23rd Street , roughly half a mile north of 14th Street .
This crankshaft and damper together become -LRB- in its torsional response -RRB- a spring-mass-damper system .
In modern Britain , an earl is a member of the peerage , ranking below a marquess and above viscount .
The term is a portmanteau of '' skirt '' and '' shorts '' .
Elliott was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America on August 15 , 2007 . He won the 1988 NASCAR Winston Cup Series Championship and has garnered 44 wins in that series .
In old prehistoric times dragonflies had a wings that were two feet long .
Founded in 1823 as Singapore Institution by Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles , it is consistently ranked as one of the top secondary schools in Singapore in the now-defunct official school rankings released by the Ministry of Education .
From its inception until December 2005 , it was presented by Mark Lamarr -LRB- who also produced the show , from 2004 through to his departure -RRB- .
Iowa recognizes two political parties - the Republican Party and the Democratic Party .
In an unusual move , Prince Edward was made Earl of Wessex and Viscount Severn in honor of his marriage to Sophie Rhys-Jones . The title Earl of Wessex had not been in use for over 900 years .
The US-educated Sulaiman Al-Fahim was the public face of ADUG during the initial phase of the takeover and is often described as the '' Donald Trump of Abu Dhabi '' .
The company formerly made scuba diving rebreathers .
This period spanned the years from 1261 to 1264 .
DVDPs have collectively grossed over $ 3 billion over the last few years , and have matured enough that DVDP divisions of studios now option their own films .
Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK , until his retirement in September 2004 .
The pacing and design of the show was developed by cognitive psychologist Andrew Davenport , who structured the show to fit the attention spans of the target audience .
A circular motion about an external point , e.g. the Earth about the Sun , is called an orbit or more properly an orbital revolution .
The current version , 4.6 , is modular and reusable .
The 1983 Stock proved to be unreliable and troublesome in service , with single-leaf doors making passenger loading and unloading a slower process than on other stock with wider door openings .
José Edmílson Gomes de Moraes -LRB- born 10 July 1976 in Taquaritinga -RRB- , commonly known as just Edmílson , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a centre-back or defensive midfielder for Palmeiras .
La Chapelle-Haute-Grue is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Kanye West : 808s & Heartbreak Accessed November 24 , 2008 .
The underside is almost completely white , making the animal indistinguishable from brighter waters near the surface .
The tongue of the Short-beaked Echidna is the animal 's sole means of catching prey , and can protrude up to 180 m outside the snout .
Martainville is a commune in the département of Calvados , in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Leopold '' Butters '' Stotch is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park .
Such an inhomogeneous lens is necessary in order for the focal length to drop from about 4 times the lens radius , to 2.5 radii .
Climate Temperatures range between and , and the average rainfall is a year .
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority -LRB- GBRMPA -RRB- considers the earliest evidence of complete reef structures to have been 600,000 years ago . According to the GBRMPA , the current , living reef structure is believed to have begun growing on the older platform about 20,000 years ago .
On the April 7 , 2006 edition of SmackDown !
It is theoretically possible to have a non-pipelined superscalar CPU or a pipelined non-superscalar CPU .
It is the largest of the four solar terrestrial planets in size and mass/O. .
Rimini is a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy and capital city of the Province of Rimini .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1921 .
Costner made his film debut at age 19 , in the 1974 film , Sizzle Beach , U.S.A. , although the film was not released until 1986 .
Under the Rapid Transit Systems Act , acts such as smoking , the consumption of food and drink within stations and trains , the misuse of emergency equipment and trespassing on the railway tracks are illegal , with penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment .
A film 's success often depends on the quality of such musical numbers .
A twig is a small thin terminal branch of a woody plant .
AAU
Penance is repentance of sins as well as the proper name of the Roman Catholic , Anglican , and Orthodox Christian Sacrament of Penance and Reconciliation/Confession .
John Ray Grisham , Jr. -LRB- born February 8 , 1955 -RRB- is an American author , best known for his popular legal thrillers .
For more information , see Canonization of the Romanovs In 2000 , Anastasia and her family were canonized as passion bearers by the Russian Orthodox Church .
They are between 8 and 15 mm long .
Finally , Beowulf tears Grendel 's arm from his body at the shoulder and Grendel runs to his home in the marshes to die .
Daisuke Yano is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2 .
After having been defeated in Clwyd South in the 1997 general election , Johnson was elected MP for Henley , succeeding Michael Heseltine , in the 2001 General Election .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- bromide or mercurous bromide is the chemical compound composed of mercury and bromine with the formula Hg2Br2 .
Achilles and Hector meet but do not fight , with Hector outnumbered but allowed to leave .
Thalassa was discovered sometime before mid-September 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
Ricardo de Oliveira -LRB- born May 6 , 1980 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Al-Jazira , as a striker .
This clef -LRB- sometimes called the viola clef -RRB- is currently used for the viola , the viola da gamba , and the alto trombone .
Colorado State confers doctoral degrees in 38 fields of study , in addition to a professional degree in veterinary medicine .
The region 's climate is moderate and continental with about of rainfall per year .
In casting his nine-member crew , Whedon looked first at the actors and considered their chemistry with others .
Each track begins with '' Ride this train to ... '' and tells the story of that city .
It is named for Kent , an English county .
These ties to the Norwegian Parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent .
On his latest productions , however , he has dropped the '' DJ '' label and is now known simply as '' Tiësto '' , an alias which is a twist of his childhood nickname .
Boards such as the VIA EPIA range help to bridge the gap by being PC-compatible but highly integrated , physically smaller or have other attributes making them attractive to embedded engineers .
Momentum is a conserved quantity -LRB- law of conservation of linear momentum -RRB- , meaning that if a closed system is not affected by external forces , its total momentum can not change .
The settlement that became the City of Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark and is named after King Louis XVI of France .
Dr. Gerald Uhlich , of the Berlin zoo 's board of trustees , stated that because of his vast popularity , Knut had become a means of communication and that he had the ability to '' draw attention to the environment in a nice way .
Carlinville is named for Thomas Carlin , once Governor of Illinois , who as a member of the state legislature was instrumental in creating Macoupin County . Carlinville has long been a site of Illinois history , and has played host to many presidential hopefuls via campaign stops at a time in American history when railway routes produced many visits by politicians .
Szczecin Lagoon or Bay of Szczecin -LRB- , -RRB- , also Oder lagoon -LRB- -RRB- , is a lagoon in the Oder estuary , shared by Germany and Poland .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001 , and given the temporary designation ' .
Delegates from many countries attended the Bretton Woods Conference .
Playing the Calgary Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League , VÃ zina and the Canadiens won the best-of-three series two games to none , as VÃ zina recorded a shutout in the second game .
Client Service Request Upon receiving messages E and F from TGS , the client has enough information to authenticate itself to the SS .
The music video for the song has become the basis for the '' Rickrolling '' Internet meme .
After Randy Orton had cheated to obtain Rey Mysterio 's title shot at WrestleMania 22 , Long placed Mysterio back in the match and made it a Triple Threat match , at the same time warning Orton that he could still remove Orton from the match if he disobeyed Long .
43 Ariadne -LRB- -RRB- is a fairly large and bright main belt asteroid .
The swarm size is a major parameter of a swarm .
In professional American football , the Pro Bowl is the all-star game of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Civrac-en-Médoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In recent years Jacmel has been host to a large film festival , the ` Festival Film Jakmèl ' started in 2004 and in 2007 the international music festival ` Festival Mizik Jakmèl ' was successfully launched .
Linderoth played for Stabæk and then an unremarkable spell at Everton marred by injury , where he scored once against Charlton Athletic in the League Cup , before he joined Copenhagen in summer 2004 .
They were eaten by indigenous Australians and the early European settlers of Australia .
Villigen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Jedi Academy is the only game in the Jedi Knight series that does not give the player control of Kyle Katarn at any point in the game .
At the 2006 census , Beechworth had a population of 3,227 .
Kissing under mistletoe at Christmas According to a custom of Christmas cheer , any male and female who meet under a hanging of mistletoe are obliged to kiss .
Her father was a Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court and later became a prominent landowner in southwestern Ohio .
Clapton is almost exclusively served by trains going via the branch instead .
James B. Dudley High School in the town of Greensboro , North Carolina , where the Agricultural and Technical University is located , was named after Dudley in recognition of his work for his community .
The term '' eusocial '' was introduced in 1966 by Suzanne Batra and given a more definitive meaning by E. O. Wilson .
Saint-Paul is the second-largest commune in the French overseas department of RÃ union . It is located on the extreme west side of the island of RÃ union .
An example is the French Fifth Republic -LRB- 1958 -- present -RRB- , where the Président de la République appoints a Prime Minister but must choose someone who can get government business through , and has the support of , the National Assembly .
He stayed at Channel 9 until 1971 when he worked for a travel agent in Beaumaris .
Losses in the nutritional value , caloric value and edibility of crops , by extremes of temperature , humidity or the action of microorganisms ,
While some special software packages exist , to allow customized editing , they are typically not available when traveling to other computers for wiki-editing .
Reconstruction began almost immediately , and President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817 .
Quincy-sous-le-Mont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
1810 & ndash ; Robert Schumann , German composer -LRB- d. 1856 -RRB-
Catholic , Orthodox and Protestant Christians , who make up the vast majority of Christendom , believe that Jesus is God .
Her father is Fields Medal and Abel prize winning mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre .
Mohamed Abdullaziz Al-Deayea -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born August 2 , 1972 in Tabuk -RRB- is a Saudi Arabian football goalkeeper .
In 1949 , Partisan Review awarded Orwell # 357 for the year 's most significant contribution to literature , Nineteen Eighty-Four .
Alcohol intoxication -LRB- also known as drunkenness or being drunk or inebriated -RRB- is a physiological state occurring when an organism has a high level of ethanol in its bloodstream , or when ethanol otherwise causes the physiological effect known as drunkenness .
The actual site of KÅ shÅ 's grave is not known .
July starts on the same day of the week as April every year , and January in leap years .
Once they have identified an invader , the cells generate specific responses that are tailored to maximally eliminate specific pathogens or pathogen infected cells .
In 1780 , at age twenty-eight , Morris 's left leg was shattered and replaced with a wooden pegleg .
Radix Linux A distribution that is targeted at being compatible with Red Hat Enterprise Linux Rocks Cluster Distribution A distribution for building a High-Performance Computing computer cluster , with a recent release supporting Cloud computing .
This breed of terrier is also called the German Hunt Terrier .
Marie of Boulogne -LRB- 1136 & ndash ; 1182 in St Austrebert , Montreuil , France -RRB- was the Countess of Boulogne from 1159 to 1170 .
Deposed Queen Lady Yun or Waste Queen Lady Yun -LRB- korea : í ë ì ì '' , hanja : å '' cents å å æ , ?
The municipality of Curitiba has an average altitude of above sea level , where the highest point is to the north , and with lower altitude to the south .
Various interpretations of '' rain dances '' can be found in many agricultural or gardening cultures , from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes .
FeedDemon is a free RSS Feed reader for Windows .
If relativistic effects are important , the speed of sound may be calculated from the relativistic Euler equations .
An academic and former Foreign Minister of Egypt , Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several world crises , including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan Genocide .
After assorted work on posters for London and British Transport and animated films , he began his writing career in 1963 with the book Borka : The Adventures of a Goose With No Feathers which won the 1963 Kate Greenaway Medal .
1857 & ndash ; Thorstein Veblen , American economist -LRB- d. 1929 -RRB-
Quinsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Chattahoochee is located at .
History The station opened on 1 August 1887 as part of the Glasgow , Yoker and Clydebank Railway .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters - Dr. Weird , Steve
Aside from its symbolic significance as the largest eucalypt of all , Eucalyptus regnans has value to conservationists in provides essential habitat to important birds and mammals -LRB- notably the Wedge tailed eagle , the Lyrebird and the endangered Victorian state animal emblem Leadbeater 's Possum -RRB- .
In 1815 at the Congress of Vienna the Final Act only recognized 39 sovereign states in the European diplomatic system , and as a result it was firmly established that in future new states would have to be recognized by other states , and that meant in practice recognition by one or more of the great powers .
Moore took her professional name from her first husband Freddy Moore and is the mother of three daughters from her marriage to Bruce Willis .
Sabu assaulted Cena in which he performed a leg drop on Cena , diving onto him and putting Cena through the Raw announcers ' table .
Counsel in Sykes v. Director of Public Prosecutions -LRB- 1962 -RRB- AC 528 described the offence as '' obsolete '' , and section 13 -LRB- 1 -RRB- -LRB- a -RRB- of the Criminal Law Act 1967 eventually abolished it .
Laversine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
2005 was the fourth time that Davenport ended the year ranked No. 1 , joining Steffi Graf , Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert as the only female players to end a year ranked first at least four times .
In this view , the tendency of the philosophes in particular to apply rationality to every problem is considered the essential change .
The French cheesemaking company Rouzaire also produces an older Brillat Savarin under the name Pierre Robert .
History Saint-Florent was created by the Genoese in the 16th century as a base to carry out repressive operations against the Corsican patriots in the surrounding villages .
Lavrentiy Beria , the head of the secret police organization NKVD -LRB- the predecessor of the KGB -RRB- , used the Buran device to spy on the U.S. , British , and French embassies in Moscow .
Jaquino asks Marzelline when she will agree to marry him , but she says that she will never marry him now that she has fallen in love with Fidelio , who is Leonore in disguise .
With a population of over 500,000 inhabitants and an economy based mainly on industry , Joinville has become the largest city in State of Santa Catarina .
Press conference held in Chile February 2008 Way wrote the song '' Skylines and Turnstiles '' to express his feelings about September 11 and shortly thereafter , Ray Toro was recruited because at the time Way could n't sing and play the guitar at the same time .
While dry , goz may also support rich pasture and arable land .
He had then planned to make the war film provisionally titled Inglourious Bastards , but postponed it to write and direct Kill Bill -LRB- released as two films , Vol .
As a result , for the 1995 race , the Tamburello and Villeneuve corners were altered from flat-out sweeping bends into slower chicanes , and the Variante Bassa was straightened .
The first sign is trismus , or lockjaw , and the facial spasms called risus sardonicus , followed by stiffness of the neck , difficulty in swallowing , and rigidity of pectoral and calf muscles .
Sean Martin , The Knights Templar , p. 13 He has been an editor for The Journal of Medieval History and written many articles on the Templars , the Cathars , various elements of the Crusades , and the reign of Philip IV of France .
It has been managed by the Ministry of Defense since 1963 .
Fernando Manuel Silva Couto , OIH -LRB- or ; born 2 August 1969 -RRB- is a former Portuguese professional football player , who works currently as the sporting director of S.C. Braga .
People have argued that the evidences of sympatric speciation are in fact examples of micro-allopatric , or heteropatric speciation .
In 2004 , breast cancer caused 519,000 deaths worldwide -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 1 % of all deaths -RRB- .
When down to five players , Rob , Amber , Rupert , Jenna L. , and Big Tom , Rob incited an argument between Rupert and Big Tom , ultimately leading to Big Tom being voted off at the next Tribal Council followed by Rupert .
By convention , in still photography , the normal lens for a particular format has a focal length approximately equal to the length of the diagonal of the image frame or digital photosensor .
Rogny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise conceived by George Lucas .
Polyphemus -LRB- -RRB- is the gigantic one-eyed son of Poseidon and Thoosa in Greek mythology , one of the Cyclopes .
Government of Sindh -LRB- -RRB- is based in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
From Science Friday , December 12 , 1997 Bob 's Virtual Transistor Museum & History .
Michael Foust of the Baptist Press said : '' I walked into the theater without any expectations , but walked out after the closing credits believing I had just seen perhaps the most convicting and inspiring film I had ever viewed .
On smaller harps -LRB- folk harps , for example -RRB- the core string material will generally be the same for all strings on a given harp . Larger instruments like the modern Concert Harp mix string materials to attain their extended ranges .
Karl Marginson
In any right triangle , the area of the square whose side is the hypotenuse -LRB- the side opposite the right angle -RRB- is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two legs -LRB- the two sides that meet at a right angle -RRB- .
Winter weather made air support impossible .
Mixed Bean Salad -LRB- information and recipe -RRB- from The Mayo Clinic Healthy Recipes .
However , Brighton and Hove is not part of the non-metropolitan county of East Sussex , but it is still part of the ceremonial county of East Sussex .
Hugo Hernán Maradona -LRB- born May 9 , 1969 -RRB- , also known as El Turco , is an Argentine Association football coach and former player .
In 1919 it merged with the Tonkünstler Orchestra .
Tom Felton 's portrayal of Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince won him the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in 2010 .
It concerns the establishment of the first human colony on Avalon , fourth planet of Tau Ceti .
The expression reflects a theatrical superstition in which wishing a person '' good luck '' is considered bad luck .
It has more than 6,000 students and one campus , 35 different fields of studies and 5 faculties .
Freshwater mussel species inhabit lakes , ponds , rivers , creeks , canals , grouped in a different subclass , despite some very superficial similarities in appearance .
In philosophy , he is mostly remembered for optimism , i.e. his conclusion that our universe is , in a restricted sense , the best possible one God could have made .
In 1912 , after a number of years of failed attempts to join the official league , they merged with the gymnastic club Schalker Turnverein 1877 in order to facilitate their entry .
It is the second largest intergovernmental organization after the United Nations .
The 1960 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1960 , United Press International .
Mainly active in the 1980s and early 1990s , the band achieved double platinum status with their # 8 hit '' Wait '' and # 3 hit '' When the Children Cry '' from their second album Pride .
There is also evidence of a cut and folded paper box from 1440 .
Afterwards it was decided that she needed to move to a nursing home .
Alan Graham Johnston -LRB- born 17 May 1962 -RRB- is a British journalist working for the BBC .
Christian Panucci -LRB- born 12 April 1973 in Savona , Italy -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer .
This one-minute preview is a viral video that became a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards for the reactions its graphic content elicited from viewers who have not seen such films before .
The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and spawned the singles '' Pretty Noose '' , '' Burden in My Hand '' , '' Blow Up the Outside World '' , and '' Ty Cobb '' .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
Maure is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The Vectrex was also released in Japan under the name Bandai Vectrex Kousokusen .
After joining them in 1942 , his younger son Péter Bartók enlisted in the United States Navy .
Downstream as far as Mastuj it is known as the Yarkhun River .
Charizard is featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character , Ash Ketchum .
She attended private girls schools in Virginia and Martha Washington College -LRB- a precursor of Emory and Henry College -RRB- to study music .
The term '' Emperor of India '' is also sometimes used to refer to Indian emperors such as Ashoka the Great of the Maurya Dynasty and Emperor Akbar of the Mughal empire .
Dennis John Kucinich -LRB- ; born October 8 , 1946 -RRB- is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 1997 , and a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2004 and 2008 elections .
Charles and Frank served in the navy , both rising to the rank of admiral .
1\/100 of the Qatari riyal
The college was founded by Henry VIII in 1546 , from the merger of two existing colleges : Michaelhouse -LRB- founded by Hervey de Stanton in 1324 -RRB- , and King 's Hall -LRB- established by Edward II in 1317 and refounded by Edward III in 1337 -RRB- .
writer = Mike MyersBonnie TurnerTerry Turner
The team with the most runs at the end of the game wins .
In 1979 funding was received to preserve the site as a tourist destination , due to its historical significance .
Due to its place in the airway , swelling of this structure can interfere with breathing and constitutes a medical emergency .
After the World exposed an illegal payment of $ 40 million by the United States to the French Panama Canal Company in 1909 , Pulitzer was indicted for libeling Theodore Roosevelt and J. P. Morgan .
This is a list of countries ordered according to population .
The Volkswagen Jetta is a family mid range automobile car produced by German automaker Volkswagen Group for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars marque since 1979 .
The Boys -LRB- UK band -RRB- , a punk rock band
For a list of entities that wish to be universally recognized as sovereign states , but do not have complete worldwide diplomatic recognition , see the list of states with limited recognition .
The university was founded in 1817 in Detroit as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , about 20 years before the Michigan Territory officially became a state .
Thomas Heatherwick -LRB- born 17 February 1970 -RRB- is an English designer and artist known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
At the time of his birth , he was third in the line of succession to the thrones of ten independent states ; however , after additions to the Royal Family , and an evolution of the Commonwealth , Edward is now seventh in line to the thrones of 16 countries .
Although the benefits of preventing suffering and death from serious infectious diseases greatly outweigh the risks of rare adverse effects following immunization , disputes have arisen over the morality , ethics , effectiveness , and safety of vaccination . Some vaccination critics say that vaccines are ineffective against disease or that vaccine safety studies are inadequate .
The Sistine Chapel is a papal chapel in the Vatican Palace .
Secretaries of the Treasury Note : Robert Morris was the first person appointed Secretary of the Treasury by George Washington , but Morris declined this office ; thus the first Secretary of the Treasury was Alexander Hamilton , who was appointed at Morris 's suggestion .
The Wicker Man is a classic cult 1973 British film filmed in Scotland , combining thriller , existential horror and musical genres , directed by Robin Hardy and written by Anthony Shaffer .
It was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Helium burning soon forms an inert core of carbon and oxygen , with both a helium-burning shell and a hydrogen-burning shell surrounding it .
County Mayo -LRB- -RRB- is one of the twenty-six counties of the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two counties of Ireland .
However , the river is no longer actively used for navigation , because its estuary is located at the borders of the two Koreas , barred for entrance by any civilian .
Francisco de Goya later memorializes this event in his painting The Second of May 1808 .
The bridge spans 549 f long across the creek .
He enters a third room that is occupied by sampler Craig Jones .
In 2006 , the Miss Earth pageant started to cohost the United Nations Environment Programme 's Champions of the Earth , an annual international environment awards established in 2005 by the United Nations to recognize outstanding environmental achievers and leaders at a policy level .
Bell began taking violin lessons at the age of four after his mother discovered her son had taken rubber bands from around the house and stretched them across the handles of his dresser drawer to pluck out music he had heard her play on the piano .
In Western countries , the average retail price is $ 1,000 \/O/ Â # 500 \/O/ â 700 per pound -LRB- US$ 2,200 \/O/ Â # 1,100 \/O/ â 1,550 per kilogram -RRB- .
1584 -LRB- MDLXXXIV -RRB- was a leap year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a leap year starting on Wednesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
There are two ways that an internal combustion piston engine can transform combustion into motive power : the two-stroke cycle and the four-stroke cycle .
Skype is a secure communication ; encryption can not be disabled , and is invisible to the user . Skype reportedly uses non-proprietary , widely trusted encryption techniques : RSA for key negotiation and the Advanced Encryption Standard to encrypt conversations .
It is located in Pathum Thani , Thailand .
Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released November 9 , 2009 on Interscope Records in the United States .
Alexander Stepanovich Popov -LRB- ; â '' -RRB- was a Russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic -LRB- radio -RRB- waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .
La BoissiÃ re-des-Landes is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
For other uses , see Cat -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- or Cats -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Some breeds show a flavor intermediate between oregano and marjoram .
` Kikuyu ' is the Swahilized form of the proper name and pronunciation of G k y although they refer to themselves as the Ag k y people .
The generic term is employed in a variety of specific contexts .
Badfinger enjoyed more major successes in the early 1970s with singles such as '' No Matter What , '' '' Day After Day , '' and '' Baby Blue '' .
Capron is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
Satisfied with the training environment in Toronto , Kim made Toronto her training home .
The Hail Mary or Ave Maria in Latin has been set to music numerous times .
The peace and prosperity created under leadership of Guptas enabled the pursuit of scientific and artistic endeavors in India .
The Helmholtz free energy is often denoted by the symbol F , but the use of A is preferred by IUPAC .
History Formation Founded in 1998 by Jared Leto 's brother Shannon Leto , 30 Seconds to Mars began as a small family project .
Pepsi is a carbonated soft drink that is produced and manufactured by PepsiCo .
In turn , the Dagpo Kagyu consists of four major sub-sects : the Karma Kagyu , headed by a Karmapa , the Tsalpa Kagyu , the Barom Kagyu , and Pagtru Kagyu .
BNet Retrieved on January 28 , 2008 born on 29 September 2002 , with Dazed & Confused editor Jefferson Hack .
Copyright law is different from country to country , and a copyright notice is required in about 20 countries for a work to be protected under copyright .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , working on its Raw brand .
August 5 & ndash ; Anti-Jewish riots spread to Toledo , Spain and Barcelona .
Tuesday 15 November 2005 215 71 Saint-Chamond , Bourges -LSB- -RSB- -LSB- -RSB- 20 .
Jeremy Morin -LRB- born April 16 , 1991 -RRB- is an ice hockey left winger currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Additionally , Hebrew has other words for '' kill , '' including '' ' -LRB- harag -RRB- and '' -LRB- heimit -RRB- , while -- -LRB- ratzach -RRB- , which is found in the Ten Commandments -- -LRB- lo tirtzach -RRB- , was more specific . Joel M. Hoffman concludes that '' kill '' is too broad but '' murder '' is too narrow to reflect tirtsah .
However , this effort was short lived , since covering Led Zeppelin , Cream and the like limited their ability to get higher-paying jobs at local dance halls .
Im m Reza shrine -LRB- in Mashhad , Iran is a complex which contains the mausoleum of Im m Ridh , the eighth Im m of Twelver Shi'ites .
Bismarck or Bismark may refer to :
With a mass of 1.0243 kg , Neptune is an intermediate body between Earth and the larger gas giants : its mass is seventeen times that of the Earth but just 1\/19th that of Jupiter .
Following the deaths of Senna and fellow Grand Prix driver Roland Ratzenberger at Imola in 1994 , many Grand Prix circuits were modifed in order to reduce speed and increase driver safety .
1908 & ndash ; The Tunguska event occurs in remote Siberia .
Genetic algorithms belong to the larger class of evolutionary algorithms -LRB- EA -RRB- , which generate solutions to optimization problems using techniques inspired by natural evolution , such as inheritance , mutation , selection , and crossover .
They praised Percy 's '' brave leadership '' and said that '' the final clash would keep a Hollywood special effects team busy for years '' .
It is the principal radio station covering sport in the United Kingdom , broadcasting virtually all major sports events staged in the UK or involving British competitors .
Biography Habermas was born in Düsseldorf , North Rhine-Westphalia .
Clara Josephine Wieck was born in Leipzig on 13 September 1819 to Friedrich and Marianne Wieck -LRB- née Tromlitz -RRB- .
Family Onagraceae -LRB- evening primrose family -RRB-
Maia Bang Violin Method , Part 1 , Page 8 The shoulder alone can also hinder the instrument 's tone if it is pressing against the back of the instrument .
On August 18 , 1972 at 13 years of age Balukas won the women 's division of the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship , along the way defeating five time champion Dorothy Wise and taking home a prize of $ 1,500 .
Another noted 18th century librettist was Lorenzo da Ponte , who wrote the libretti for three of Mozart 's greatest operas , as well as for many other composers .
U.S. News & World Report 's widely read rankings of undergraduate colleges in America currently places Ohio State as the 18th best public university and 53rd overall ranked university in America , as well as the highest ranked public university in Ohio .
Other works include Chopin 's Nocturnes No. 7 -LRB- Op .
Arizona Diamondbacks -LRB- -- -RRB-
1996 Cricket World Cup ; Pepsi ran a series of advertisements titled '' nothing official about it '' targeting the official sponsor Coca Cola .
Because the Sutra of Golden Light promised protection of the state , in Japan she became a protector-deity , at first of the state and then of people .
Year 1853 -LRB- MDCCCLIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian Calendar -LRB- or a common year starting on Thursday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
He also has to battle his own demonic nature .
A Nigerian study has found that more than 800,000 people are enslaved , almost 8 % of the population .
Her parents are Geoff -LRB- Howard Attfield -RRB- and Sylvia Noble -LRB- Jacqueline King -RRB- .
The group collaborated with Sly & Robbie , who produced '' Underneath It All '' and '' Hey Baby '' and brought in dancehall toasters Lady Saw and Bounty Killer , and Steely & Clevie , who produced '' Start the Fire '' .
The 1979 season was an average but destructive season with 27 depressions , but only 9 became storms .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- â ' 23 Â , 20 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty , which gives Kalliope an axial tilt of 103 Â .
Fire was used to heat treat silcrete stones to increase their workability before they were knapped into tools by Stillbay culture .
Tron has a distinctive visual style , as it was one of the first films from a major studio to use computer graphics extensively .
A witness who has seen the event firsthand is known as an '' eye-witness '' .
-LRB- New York : Columbia University Press , 1952 -RRB- p. 1364
Chivy-lès-Étouvelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The most popular MEPIS distribution is SimplyMEPIS , which is based primarily on Debian stable .
In many Christian traditions , regular public worship is complemented by other forms of worship , such as individual meditation , prayer and study , small group prayer -LRB- often linked with Bible study -RRB- , and formal ceremonies on special occasions , including weddings , funerals , baptisms and events of Church or state .
Not all of the ammonium dichromate decomposes in this reaction .
One million -LRB-/O1,000,000/O-RRB- or one thousand thousand , is the natural number following 999,999 and preceding 1,000,001 .
Though some sources claim that colonial American houses often lacked closets because of a '' closet tax '' imposed by the British crown , others argue that closets were absent in most houses simply because their residents had few possessions .
Trading posts were also very common in the early settlements of Canada and the United States for the trade of such things as fur .
The DNA is transcribed to mRNA by an enzyme , RNA polymerase II , with the help of many other proteins .
After leaving SNL in 2006 , she created the television series 30 Rock , a situation comedy loosely based on her experiences at SNL .
All are set in the world of Earthsea , as are -LRB- to date -RRB- seven short stories by Le Guin , two of which are not collected in any of these books .
Madill is a city in Marshall County , Oklahoma , United States .
The island quickly recovered and towns of Long Beach and Yaupon Beach were incorporated in 1955 .
The above sample text would appear in Extended Basic Roman -LRB- non-rhotic version -RRB- as follows : Wans apon a taym , dha byutiful doota av a greyt majishan wontid moo paalz tu put amang haa trezhaz .
Spacecraft and space travel are common themes in works of science fiction .
Danizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hilary Ann Swank was born July 30 , 1974 and she is a two-time Academy Award-winning American actress .
However now , we calculation because of tug and bulge , sun will pull Earth in the sun 's layer , and swallow it up before sun gets bigger .
When she brought it to Seattle in May 1914 , it attracted more than 6,000 people per day , culminating with an audience of 40,000 on May 31 .
1898 & ndash ; Shirley Booth , American actress -LRB- d. 1992 -RRB-
Box Car Racer was an American post hardcore band from San Diego , California , formed in 2001 .
Kharan -LRB- -RRB- is a town in Kharan District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
The band 's line-up has remained mostly static during their history , the only exception being the departure of Alec John Such in 1994 , who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald .
By this time the methods of Impressionist painting , in a diluted form , had become commonplace in Salon art .
The official proof of a prime is through it primality certificate .
Today , it finds its expression mainly in a humorous form -LRB- especially during the Rhineland Karneval -RRB- and in sports .
Jennie Kwan -LRB- born Jennifer Trinidad Fernando ; September 9 , 1973 -RRB- is a Filipino-American actress and singer from Los Angeles , California .
Its discoverers claim that , on the basis of 268 characters sampled from all major Mesozoic mammal clades and principal eutherian families of the Cretaceous , Eomaia is placed at the root of the eutherian '' family tree '' along with Murtoilestes and Prokennalestes .
V. Michel , '' Le complexe ecclésiastique d'Emma üs - Nicopolis '' , Paris , Sorbonne ,1996 -- 1997 , pro manuscripto .
Introduced to India by the Portuguese , the chili/paprika from South America is today an integral part of Indian cuisine .
One cubic centimetre corresponds to a volume of of a cubic metre , or of a litre , or one millilitre ; thus , 1 cm3 â 1 mL .
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
An architectural model is a type of a scale model , tangible -LRB- also called sometimes physical -RRB- representation of a structure built to study aspects of an architectural design or to communicate design ideas to clients , committees , and the general public .
Despite the negative response , the game sold enough copies to receive Greatest Hits -LRB- Platinum Edition in Europe -RRB- status on the Sony PlayStation 2 and Player 's Choice status on the Nintendo GameCube .
Cláudio Roberto da Silva , commonly known as Cláudio Caçapa or simply Caçapa -LRB- Pronounced Kassapa -RRB- -LRB- born 29 May 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Grand Ayatollah Ali Hoseyni Kh mene'i -LRB- , , ; born 17 July 1939 -RRB- is a politician as the figurehead of the Muslim conservative establishment in Iran and Twelver shi'a marja .
On July 10 , 2007 , Merriam-Webster announced it would induct the word smackdown into Webster 's Dictionary .
The 2018 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XXIII Olympic Winter Games , is a winter multi-sport event scheduled to take place between 9 and 24 February 2018 .
They walked along the coast of India to reach Australia .
, Dorchester , Massachusetts , United States
History Keelung was first inhabited by the Ketagalan , a tribe of Taiwanese aborigine .
From the moment the early European explorers sighted them , cacti have aroused much interest : Christopher Columbus brought the first melocactus to Europe .
Before making changes , please ensure that they will work within the context of that template
The majority of crustaceans are aquatic , living in either marine or fresh water environments , but a few groups have adapted to life on land , such as terrestrial crabs , terrestrial hermit crabs , and woodlice .
Terence Ian '' Terry '' Butcher is a former professional football player where he made his name as an uncompromising defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s .
It concerns the establishment of the first human colony on Avalon , fourth planet of Tau Ceti .
is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth .
CNR had over 38,000 different software packages , ranging from simple applications to major commercial works such as Win4Lin and StarOffice .
Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ginkgophyta - Ginkgo
The koala -LRB- Phascolarctos cinereus -RRB- is an arboreal herbivorous marsupial native to Australia , and the only extant representative of the family Phascolarctidae .
-LRB- http://www.amphibiaweb.org -RRB- In November 2001 , the Canadian Species at Risk Act listed the Great Lakes population of the Tiger Salamander as being extirpated , and the Southern Mountain population in British Columbia 's Okanagan as endangered in Canada .
The name of the band was suggested by bass guitarist Mikey Way , younger brother of Gerard , who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book named '' Ecstacy : Three Tales of Chemical Romance '' .
Specialized English operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .
Only the size of a guinea pig , he spent the first 44 days of his life in an incubator before zookeeper Thomas DÃ rflein began raising the cub .
He earned 103 caps , scoring 26 goalsAppearances for Austrian National Team - RSSSF , which makes him Austria 's most capped player of all-time .
Miscellany The axilla is one of the four sites -LRB- the other three being the mouth , rectum , and ear canal -RRB- in which a medical thermometer may be inserted in order to measure body temperature .
Aside from their eye-catching appearance , which make neon lights an attractive choice for business signs and building decoration , neon bulbs have also proven to be very sturdy and weather-resistant .
Its county seat is Morganton .
It is most commonly measured in forestry ; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
Siena 's republic , struggling internally between nobles and the popular party , usually worked in political opposition to its great rival , Florence , and was in the 13th century predominantly Ghibelline in opposition to Florence 's Guelph position -LRB- this conflict formed the backdrop for some of Dante 's Commedia -RRB- .
Verne Troyer as Coach Punch Cherkov
This is a list of colleges and universities in Alaska .
The 1967 Stock is the deep-level tube stock currently in operation on the Victoria Line .
Viktor OrbÃ n -LRB- OrbÃ n Viktor , ; born 31 May 1963 -RRB- is a Hungarian politician and current Prime Minister of Hungary .
official_name = Tulcea
Dunkirk has a ferry connection with Dover , England .
Each daily devotion includes scripture , a statement of principle , the day 's '' dare , '' and a journaling area and check box to chart progress .
After his return from the Mysore War to Kongu , Chinnamalai built a palace in a village called Odanilai .
The Nobel Foundation , the organization awarding the prestigious Nobel Prize , presents each winner '' an assignment for the amount of the prize , a diploma , and a gold medal ... '' This example of a medal would be displayed on a table or in a cabinet , rather than worn by the winner .
In the city , crowds gather in search of the nose .
They avoid weaknesses identified in those of Euclid , whose works at the time were still used textbook-fashion .
Part of the Lesser Antilles , it is located north/northeast of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , northwest of Barbados and south of Martinique .
490 Veritas is a large asteroid , which may have been involved in one of the more massive asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years .
Avoiding those users also means avoiding some significant articles where they obsess and dwell .
Enguinegatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The game originated in the UK and has been played there since Tudor times , with the earliest reference being in 1745 in A Little Pretty Pocket-Book where it is called '' baseball '' .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- bromide is prepared by the oxidation of elemental mercury with elemental bromine or by adding sodium bromide to a solution of mercury -LRB- I -RRB- nitrate .
It is best known for being where the Promenade Concerts were founded by Robert Newman , with -LRB- Sir -RRB- Henry J. Wood , in 1895 .
.2
Lemé is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Manatees -LRB- family Trichechidae , genus Trichechus -RRB- are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows .
The Football League Cup , commonly known as the League Cup or , from current sponsorship , the Carling Cup , is an English football competition .
Segments have been spun off of his emails , including '' Teen Girl Squad '' , a comic drawn by Strong Bad about four teenage friends .
TouÃ '' t-sur-Var is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
January 7 & ndash ; Catharine of Aragon , first consort queen from Henry VIII , dies .
National University of Benin - is the principal university in Benin .
Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton MBE -LRB- born 7 January 1985 -RRB- is a British Formula One racing driver from England , currently racing for the McLaren team , and was the Formula One World Champion . Hamilton was born in Stevenage , Hertfordshire .
Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
On April 29 , 2007 , the band performed at the Australian MTV Australia Video Music Awards , where they were nominated for three awards , winning '' Best Rock Video '' and '' Video of the Year '' for '' The Kill '' .
Grand Prince Andrey of Gorodets -LRB- approximate date ; d. 1304 -RRB-
American Journal of Botany 91:1582 -- 1598 -LRB- online abstract here -RRB- .
Therefore , the spiny mouse should never be picked up by its tail and should be handled with care to avoid a degloving injury .
They are found in tropical , subtropical and temperate regions , including the Indo-Pacific and the Atlantic coast of Africa .
The term '' time machine '' , coined by Wells , is now universally used to refer to such a vehicle .
Photography uses foremost radiation in the UV , visible and near-IR spectrum .
The lion in the bottom left derives from the county of Meissen -LRB- see Saxony -RRB- , to which the southern area of the district belonged historically .
Instead , the consumption of plants would be limited to parts that were made of simpler sugars and carbohydrates such as seeds , flowers , and fleshy fruits .
In the Baroque period , music in F minor was usually written with a three-flat key signature , and some modern editions of that repertoire retain that convention .
The album was released on 14 June 2010 , the album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009 .
All of these issues have collectively influenced Tiger Salamander populations .
There is often a strong religious element to these studies and beliefs , and many occultists profess adherence to religions such as Gnosticism , Hermeticism , Luciferianism , Satanism , Thelema , Neopaganism etc. .
Gergiev conducted this production in Cardiff in 2006 at the Wales Millennium Centre , and in Costa Mesa , California in October 2006 at the Orange County Performing Arts Center .
Carrot cake is a cake which consists of grated carrot mixed with batter .
He also served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990 .
Lassy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Their production company -LRB- 581 Entertainment -RRB- which handled the group fell through , and all the members of Anjel went on to pursue solo projects .
This agreement has been criticised , most notably by the Groklaw website for being disingenuously short-lived and limited , and against the spirit of the GNU General Public License .
Soon , the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed , under the leadership of Alexander Miasnikyan .
Nontheism includes a variety of belief systems : '' Strong atheism '' is the positive belief that a god does not exist .
The name Euroa comes from an Aboriginal word in the old local dialect meaning '' joyful '' .
Barracks , military housing
At Ancestry.com -LRB- born January 30 , 1930 -RRB- is an American actor .
The 1960s and 1970s were a major boom period for the Olympic , as major wrestling events were held at the arena every other Friday night , as well as being the home to the roller-derby 's Los Angeles T-Birds .
Though it does not actually measure the percentage of body fat , it is used to estimate a healthy body weight based on a person 's height .
He is regarded as one of the greatest British poets and remains widely read and influential , both in the English-speaking world and beyond .
Lemon juice is about 5 % to 6 % -LRB- approximately 0.3 M -RRB- citric acid , which gives lemons a sour taste , and a pH of 2-3 . This makes lemon juice an inexpensive , readily available acid for use in educational science experiments .
Today In 1985 , a life-size bronze statue of Wadlow by Ned Giberson was erected at the Southern Illinois University Edwardsville School of Dental Medicine .
2009 .
Incorporating the full range of animal diversity into the Ark story was becoming increasingly difficult , and by the middle of the 18th century few natural historians could justify a literal interpretation of the Noah 's Ark narrative .
Among products produced in Chojnów are : paper products , agricultural machinery , chains , metal furniture for hospitals , equipment for the meat industry , beer , wine , leather clothing , and clothing for infants , children and adults .
These proved unreliable , and were removed during midlife refubishment , but the '' Hoover '' nickname stuck although younger rail enthusiasts started applying alternative names ; such as '' Dub-Dubs '' because of the new engine sound .
Among Christian churches which have a liturgical tradition , several different types of veils are used . These veils are often symbolically tied to the veils in the Tabernacle in the wilderness and in Solomon 's Temple .
In 1367 , Henry IV was born at Bolingbroke .
In the Southeast of the State , the National Park of Serra da Capivara is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
For the as weapon of Ganesha in various forms , see : Nagar , Appendix I. as an attribute of Ganesha , see : Nagar , Appendix I.
Naoshi Nakamura -LRB- , born January 27 , 1979 in Chiba -RRB- is a Japanese football player who currently plays for J. League division 1 side Nagoya Grampus .
Moreover , the city is home to the Institut International de Lancy -LRB- founded in 1903 -RRB- and to the International University in Geneva , an accredited International University .
Corsica is an island in the Mediterranean Sea .
MacFarlane also has a character on Family Guy named after Hartman : named Dr. Elmer Hartman .
Kimi RÃ ikkÃ nen won the inaugural race of the 2007 season at Albert Park , becoming the first Ferrari driver to win on his dÃ but since Nigel Mansell . Scuderia Ferrari went on to win the 2007 Constructors championship , and Kimi RÃ ikkÃ nen took the driver 's championship .
It is now listed as part of the Stonehenge , Avebury and Associated Sites World Heritage Site .
The first book to recognize the scientific potential of lucid dreams was Celia Green 's 1968 study Lucid Dreams .
The film had a strong second place domestic opening over the Presidents ' Day weekend , grossing '' a higher-than-expected '' $ 28,536,717 from 2,284 screens , earning an average of $ 9,885 per screen .
Anchorage is a city in eastern Jefferson County .
Body Jewellery Shop - common body piercing problems Ear piercings are the most commonly stretched piercings , with nasal septum piercings , tongue piercings and lip piercings\/lip plates following close behind .
Predicted events February - NASA 's Dawn spacecraft is expected to arrive at the dwarf planet Ceres .
2012 -LRB- MMXII -RRB- will be a leap year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
The only mammalian examples are the naked mole rat and the Damaraland mole rat .
For 250 years Christians suffered from sporadic persecutions for their refusal to worship the Roman emperor , considered treasonous and punishable by execution .
In January 1964 , Morrison moved to Los Angeles , California to attend UCLA .
Afterward , Finlay intimidated Cole and told him that Postl 's name was Hornswoggle .
The U.S. Army 36th Infantry Division , in Italy , attempts to cross the Rapido River .
Gravity causes material in the disc to spiral inward towards the central body .
The music video for '' Come as You Are '' was directed by Kevin Kerslake , who drew inspiration for it from the cover artwork of Nevermind .
The temperature of the crust increases with depth , reaching values typically in the range from about 200 C -LRB- 392 F -RRB- to 400 C -LRB- 752 F -RRB- at the boundary with the underlying mantle .
Both music and lyrics articulated a sense of pride in the power of the northwest 's peasantry .
With little disturbance on both water flows and vegetation cover throughout entire catchments , Cape York Peninsula has been identified as one of the few places where tropical water cycles remain essentially intact .
Katherine was always the newcomer and never fit in very well , perhaps in part due to her British accent and secondhand clothing .
in Mexico -RRB- was a Spanish novelist and writer .
For the first hour -LRB- UTC 10:00 â '' 10:59 -RRB- , this is true for inhabited territories , whereas during the second hour -LRB- UTC 11:00 â '' 11:59 -RRB- it is only true if one counts an uninhabited maritime time zone twelve hours behind UTC .
Mercury compounds are those that contain mercury -LRB- Hg -RRB- .
The treasures of the church are a crucifix from the 10th century and a Gospel book from the 11th century
Various interpretations of '' rain dances '' can be found in many agricultural or gardening cultures , from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes .
The second part is three letters , which is the British Standard BS 6879 three-letter code of the subdivision .
The 2005 Mexican census population was 4,293,459 people .
Dendermonde -LRB- French : Termonde -RRB- is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
Reviews and quotes about Plan B 4.0 Klaus Schwab of the World Economic Forum describes it as '' a great book which should wake up humankind . ''
The memories also reveal that Snape did not murder Dumbledore , but carried out Dumbledore 's prearranged plan .
Hermetschwil-Staffeln is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A goal of compiler and processor designers is to identify and take advantage of as much ILP as possible .
Andrea Fortunato -LRB- July 26 , 1971 -- April 25 , 1995 -RRB- was an Italian football player who played as a left-back for Juventus and the Italian national team .
Kakul is a town situated in the Kakul Valley at an elevation of 1300 metres , 5 km northeast of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills , in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
However , considerable volcanic activity has taken place in the geologically recent past , most notably the explosive eruption that occurred at Mount Meager 2,350 years ago .
These enhancements allowed him to exceed the limits of power imposed by his fully organic form , and it is stated that he was more powerful than ever -LRB- however even with this increase in power , he was still no match against the power of a well trained Super Saiyan -RRB- .
The vocabulary of the text consists of just fifty different words , of which 49 are monosyllabic -LRB- the one exception being '' anywhere '' -RRB- .
The parish church , unused since the 1970s , is on the site of an early Christian monastery founded by St AdomnÃ n , Abbot of Iona -LRB- died 704 -RRB- .
Vaux-en-Bugey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The automated system is used throughout the entire subway and RT system .
Mafic lava , before cooling , has a low viscosity , in comparison to felsic lava , due to the lower silica content in mafic magma .
Catherine McCoid and LeRoy McDermott theorize that the figurines were done as self portraits by the women themselves .
official_name = Gura Humorului
Nord -LRB- , -RRB- is one of the ten departments -LRB- French : départements -RRB- of Haiti .
It lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne opposite Newcastle upon Tyne and together they form the urban core of Tyneside .
This legend first appeared in the Belur inscription of Vishnuvardhana -LRB-/O1117/O-RRB- , but owing to several inconsistencies in the Sala story it remains in the realm of folklore .
It resembles a triangle in shape , and is bordered by Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal down to the state of Tamil Nadu , India and Sri Lanka to the west and Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the east .
Another example was the terrestrial globe introduced to Beijing by the Persian astronomer , Jamal ad-Din , in 1267 .
The police are waiting outside , and Killer Kane is taken back to prison and has to serve his original time plus ten years .
The pig nevertheless became one of the enduring symbols of Pink Floyd , and inflatable pigs were a staple of Pink Floyd live performances from then on .
The number of betting rounds in a game influences how well the game plays with different betting structures .
His mother was an actress who worked in the theatre of Vsevolod Meyerhold .
The show ran for three seasons , from August 12 , 1995 to February 7 , 1997 , and spawned its own short-run comic book series , Adventures of The Mask .
Prudius has won numerous achievements , becoming the 2005 USA Open Heavyweight Sambo Champion
The Agnatha are ectothermic or cold blooded , with a cartilaginous skeleton , and the heart contains 2 chambers .
On the North it is bounded by the Barents Sea , on the West by the Norwegian Sea and on the East by the White Sea .
Many great artists including Sviatoslav Richter , Vladimir Ashkenazy , Elisabeth Schwarzkopf , Victoria de los Ã ngeles , Sergey Prokofiev , Shura Cherkassky , Paul Hindemith , AndrÃ s Segovia , Benjamin Britten and Francis Poulenc have performed there .
In December , 1997 Ignacio Ramonet , editor of Le Monde Diplomatique , renewed the debate around the Tobin tax with an editorial titled '' Disarming the markets '' .
Its population , as of 2010 , is 197,426 , making it the fourth largest city in the country after Copenhagen , Århus , and Odense .
1900 saw the commission The Dream of Gerontius from Edward Elgar .
Kevin Bacon himself has a Bacon number of 0 .
His motives soon changed however , as he decided to use his talents to fight the criminal element that plagued South Texas .
In 1933 Hoffmann -- La Roche became the first pharmaceutical company to mass-produce synthetic vitamin C , under the brand name of Redoxon .
Ticino borders the Canton of Uri to the north , Valais to the west -LRB- through the Novena Pass -RRB- , Graubünden to the northeast , Italy 's regions of Piedmont and Lombardy to the south and it surrounds the small Italian exclave of Campione d'Italia .
Donnay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
for this ` Helen of the West ' ,
The 2010 WTA Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments -LRB- supervised by the International Tennis Federation -LRB- ITF -RRB- -RRB- , the WTA Premier tournaments -LRB- Premier Mandatory , Premier 5 and regular Premier -RRB- , the WTA International tournaments , the Fed Cup -LRB- organized by the ITF -RRB- , and the year-end championships -LRB- the Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions and the WTA Tour Championships -RRB- .
findarticles.com '' Disney buys Muppets as bid prospect fades '' 2/18/04 Exceptions include characters appearing on Sesame Street -LRB- as they were previously sold to Sesame Workshop , although they have always had creative rights , only paying The Jim Henson Company to create and provide their Muppet characters for their use -RRB- and the Fraggles of Fraggle Rock -LRB- which are still owned by The Jim Henson Company -RRB- .
Michael -LRB- '' Mick '' -RRB- Collins -LRB- ; 16 October 1890 22 August 1922 -RRB- was an Irish revolutionary leader , Minister for Finance and MP for Cork South in the First Dáil of 1919 , Director of Intelligence for the IRA , and member of the Irish delegation during the Anglo-Irish Treaty negotiations .
Timber expands and contracts in response to humidity , usually much less so longitudinally than in the radial and tangential directions .
Laurent Clerc -LRB- 26 December 1785 â '' 18 July 1869 -RRB- , born Louis Laurent Marie Clerc , was called '' The Apostle of the deaf in America '' by generations of American deaf people .
Wizzart had planned to attend the University of Manchester to study law .
This period of civil war has become emblematic of the cyclic political disturbances in the history of the Roman Empire .
Roussel 's orchestration is rather heavy compared to the subtle and nuanced style of other French composers like Gabriel FaurÃ or Claude Debussy .
For gases , pressure is sometimes measured not as an absolute pressure , but relative to atmospheric pressure ; such measurements are called gauge pressure -LRB- also sometimes spelled gage pressure -RRB- .
Nocera Inferiore , formerly Nocera dei Pagani , is a town and comune in Campania , Italy , in the province of Salerno , at the foot of Monte Albino , 20 km east-south-east of Naples by rail .
The Number of the Beast is the third studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
Meurchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Paving the Way for ESL - extended shelf-life milk products | Dairy Foods | Find Articles at BNET.com Milk simply labeled '' pasteurized '' is usually treated with the HTST method , whereas milk labeled '' ultra-pasteurized '' or simply '' UHT '' has been treated with the UHT method .
Ghazan II replaces Anusirvan as ruler of the Il-Khanate in Persia .
Due to Raw 's taping schedule on several occasions , WCW Vice President Eric Bischoff , who was also an on-air personality , would frequently give away the results of WWF 's taped Raw shows on the live WCW show .
It was for Francis that Leonardo was commissioned to make a mechanical lion which could walk forward , then open its chest to reveal a cluster of lilies .
The London Borough of Harrow is a London borough of north-west London .
Demi Moore Kutcher , professionally known as Demi Moore -LRB- born November 11 , 1962 -RRB- is an American actress .
He was the President of Zambia from January 2002 until his death in August 2008 .
Ned Kelly The outlaw Ned Kelly had many links to Beechworth - he spent time in HM Prison Beechworth and fought a famous boxing bout with Isaiah ` Wild '' Wright in the back of a local hotel -LSB- -RSB- .
Isabella Mary Beeton -LRB- née Mayson -RRB- -LRB- 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 -RRB- , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
Macon is a city located in central Georgia , US .
The album was released on July 9 , 2002 on Warner Bros. .
There is also one of three Kimball Farms , an ice cream store fairly well known in the state of Massachusetts .
Nuclear power provides about 6 % of the world 's energy and 13 â '' 14 % of the world 's electricity , with the U.S. , France , and Japan together accounting for about 50 % of nuclear generated electricity .
Lorenz popularized FAPs as instinctive responses that would occur reliably in the presence of identifiable stimuli -LRB- called sign stimuli or releasing stimuli -RRB- .
An unsafe abortion is the termination of an unintended pregnancy by persons lacking the necessary skills , or in an environment lacking the minimal medical standards , or both .
During World War II it was called RAF Ringway , and from 1975 until 1986 the title was Manchester International Airport .
Although there are sections exclusively for women and children , the Grand Mosque in Mecca is desegregated .
Approximately 80 species of plants bear Banks 's name .
At the time she was singing purely traditional unaccompanied material but in 1976 she collaborated with Maddy Prior on the Silly Sisters album and tour , with a full band that included Nic Jones .
Illinois has 59 legislative districts , with two representatives and one senator from each correspondent district .
At a dinner party attended by the Dearly couple , Cruella de Vil expresses her dislike for animals ; subsequently , the couple 's new Dalmatian puppies disappear .
Condition ,
Tamworth is nationally famous as the '' Country Music Capital of Australia '' , annually hosting the Tamworth Country Music Festival in late January ; the second biggest country music festival in the world .
Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada in Division No. 1 .
Camillo Berneri -LRB- also known as Camillo da Lodi ; May 28 1897 , Lodi -- May 5 1937 , Barcelona -RRB- was an Italian professor of philosophy , anarchist militant , propagandist and theorist .
Düsseldorf -LRB- -RRB- is the capital city of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia and center of the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region .
Actias luna , commonly known as the Luna Moth , is a lime-green , Nearctic Saturniid moth in the subfamily Saturniinae .
In Norse mythology , Fenris or Fenrir -LRB- Old Norse '' fen-dweller '' Orchard -LRB-/O1997:42/O-RRB- . -RRB-
He is the author of 57 books , the best known of which is Night , a memoir that describes his experiences during the Holocaust and his imprisonment in several concentration camps .
'' Sveccha means one 's own wish or free will .
The majority of then-existing oblasts were located on the periphery of the country -LRB- e.g. Kars Oblast or Transcaspian Oblast -RRB- or covered the areas where Cossacks lived .
Modern developmental biology studies the genetic control of cell growth , differentiation and '' morphogenesis '' , which is the process that gives rise to tissues , organs and anatomy .
Richmond -LRB- -RRB- is a city in western Contra Costa County , California , United States .
In 1819 & ndash ; 1820 , at least two chemists reported a white solid with a pungent odor derived from the distillation of coal tar .
Þrúðr is also the name of one of the valkyries who serve ale to the einherjar in Valhalla -LRB- Grímnismál , stanza 36 -RRB- .
A new constitution was adopted in 2007 -LRB- the Virgin Islands Constitution Order , 2007 -RRB- Virgin Islands Constitution Order 2007 and came into force when the Legislative Council was dissolved for the 2007 general election .
Essars is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Domptin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford -LRB- born April 8 , 1918 -RRB- , better known as Betty Ford is the widow of former United States President Gerald R. Ford and served as the First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 .
He is best known for his first novel , The Tin Drum , a key text in European magic realism and the first part of his Danzig Trilogy .
In the fall semester of 1973 , Carver was a teacher in the Iowa Writers ' Workshop with John Cheever , but Carver stated that they did less teaching than drinking and almost no writing .
Currently for Brazil , ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 federal district and 26 states .
Alexander Gottfried Friedrich Gode-von-Aesch or simply Alexander Gode -LRB- October 30 , 1906 in Bremen - August 10 , 1970 in Mount Kisco , New York -RRB- was a German-American linguist , translator and the driving force behind the creation of the auxiliary language Interlingua .
Mazan is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Saint-Martin-d ` Ardèche is situated at the southern entrance of the Ardèche Canyon , the Gorges de l'Ard èche .
The city is located on an ancient ford on the river Main , the German word for which is '' Furt '' .
Beuchat International , known as Beuchat , was established in 1934 in Marseille , France and is now a worldwide leader in the design , manufacture and marketing of underwater equipment .
The number of Pidgin users was estimated to be over 3 million in 2007 .
The International Energy Agency -LRB- IEA ; -RRB- is a Paris-based autonomous intergovernmental organization established in the framework of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- in 1974 in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis .
Edward Joseph Derwinski -LRB- born September 15 , 1926 -RRB- is an American politician who served as the first Cabinet-level United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving under President George H. W. Bush from March 15 , 1989 to September 26 , 1992 .
The base is a converted German Army Air Field , which is reflected in some of the buildings , including the housing area .
The theoretical possibility of the British Parliament enacting laws to override the Australian Constitution was also removed .
The Edsel was a brand of car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company during the 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 model years .
Antioch on the Orontes -LRB- ; ; ; Arabic : , Antakya ; also Great Antioch or Syrian Antioch -RRB- was an ancient city on the eastern side of the Orontes River .
MeshName =
Its central rite , which is public , is called Liber XV , or the Gnostic Mass. .
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited -LRB- , -RRB- is the flag carrier of Hong Kong , with its headquarters and main hub at Hong Kong International Airport .
Trinidad & Tobago 11 - 1 Antigua & Barbuda -LRB- Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago ; November 10 , 1972 -RRB-
Yes may refer to :
According to German food laws , only products called '' Bavarian Leberkäse '' are allowed not to contain liver ; otherwise , there must be a minimum liver content of 4 % .
Features of Djibouti City include beaches along its eastern shore and the large Central Market , the national stadium Stade du Ville , the Presidential Palace and Hamoudi Mosque .
The speech by Winston Churchill announcing victory to the British people is evidence of a de facto recognition of the Flensburg Government 's authority , since Churchill mentioned that the surrender was authorized by '' Grand Admiral Dönitz , the designated Head of the German State '' .
March 4 & ndash ; Grand Duchess Anna Petrovna of Russia , eldest daughter of Peter the Great -LRB- b. 1708 -RRB-
It has been tried to be recreated a number of times in recent years , but the original Woodstock festival of 1969 has proven to be legendary .
Immediately , Weiland and DeLeo formed a band with two of Scott 's friends from Edison High School , Corey Hicock -LRB- guitar -RRB- and David Allin -LRB- drums -RRB- .
La Salvia-Los Quemados
The song is influenced by 1970s funk and contains limited elements of 1980s go-go , with sound that closely resembles live music .
USB cables and small USB devices are held in place by the gripping force from the receptacle -LRB- without need of the screws , clips , or thumbturns other connectors have required -RRB- .
It may also be defined as the science and art of selecting and interconnecting hardware components to create computers that meet functional , performance and cost goals .
It is subordinated to the 36th Division and is one of the most highly decorated infantry units in the Israel Defense Forces .
The municipality was formed on January 1 , 1977 through the unification of the previously separate municipalities of Seeheim and Jugenheim .
The entire recovery process is usually completed within four hours .
A prolific actor , some of Sutherland 's better-known roles in the 1980s and 1990s were in the South African apartheid drama A Dry White Season -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- , alongside Marlon Brando and Susan Sarandon ; as an incarcerated pyromaniac in the firefighter thriller Backdraft -LRB-/O1991/O-RRB- , alongside Kurt Russell and Robert De Niro ; and as the snobbish NYC art dealer in Six Degrees of Separation -LRB-/O1993/O-RRB- , with Stockard Channing and Will Smith .
1814 & ndash ; Jean-Fran çois Millet , French painter -LRB- d. 1875 -RRB-
The township of '' Coura Rocks '' had its beginnings in 1844 .
Langueux is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
This process copies a piece of DNA .
In 1805 , Lucca was taken over by Napoleon , who put his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi in charge as '' Queen of Etruria '' .
In 1979 , Sogyal Rinpoche chose the name Rigpa -- the innermost , essential nature of mind -- for his work .
The Turkic languages constitute a language family of at least thirty five languages , spoken by Turkic peoples across a vast area from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western China , and are considered to be part of the proposed Altaic language family .
Abilene , Texas , United States
Chromium -LRB- III -RRB- oxide is the inorganic compound of the formula Cr2O3 .
The next year he was awarded with the Nobel Prize in Literature .
Acton Town , opened July 1 , 1879 by the Metropolitan District Railway , later District line ; first served by the Piccadilly line July 4 , 1932 .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
The Movie , which served as the pilot to a TV series titled Lilo & Stitch : The Series .
Most of the subscribers of this newspaper are located in San Felipe , La Paz and Cabo San Lucas San Felipe .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport is the major international airport in Istanbul , Turkey .
It divides the Mediterranean coastal region of southern Turkey from the central Anatolian Plateau .
Alan Arthur Johnson -LRB- born 17 May 1950 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician who served as Home Secretary from June 2009 to May 2010 .
However , his writings record the use of a wide variety of stimuli , including electric shocks , whistles , metronomes , tuning forks , and a range of visual stimuli , in addition to ringing a bell .
Wilson , who was Sutton 's teacher , called this the Sutton -- Boveri hypothesis .
Jhangochi -LRB- Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ú Ù Ú Û -RRB- is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language .
As a result , the passengers decided to mount an assault against the hijackers and gain control of the aircraft .
1893 & ndash ; Lizzie Borden is acquitted for the murders of her father and stepmother .
The sound attributes that determine the meter may vary from language to language , and sometimes between poetic traditions .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae -LRB- tribe Periophthalmini -RRB- , within the family Gobiidae -LRB- Gobies -RRB- .
It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the rivers Piave and Livenza and between two famous tourist towns : Caorle and Jesolo .
When Spider-Man first appeared in the early 1960s , teenagers in superhero comic books were usually relegated to the role of sidekick to the protagonist .
Dario JosÃ dos Santos -LRB- born 4 March 1943 in Rio de Janeiro -RRB- , nicknamed Dario , or DadÃ Maravilha -LRB- Wonder DadÃ -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer .
Ze -LRB- , -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the consonant .
By the 1750s , the suite had come to be seen as old-fashioned , superseded by the symphony and concerto , and few composers were still writing suites during that time .
The optimal habitat of P. terribilis is the rainforest with high rain rates -LRB- 5 m or more -RRB- , altitude between 100 â '' 200 m , temperature of at least 26 Â C , and relative humidity of 80 â '' 90 % .
The pre-Roman Britons used mostly unpaved trackways for their communications , including very ancient ones running along elevated ridges of hills , such as the South Downs Way , now a public long-distance footpath .
He is particularly well known for his papers on mechanism design\/implementation theory and dynamic games .
The name of the band was suggested by bass guitarist Mikey Way , younger brother of Gerard , who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book named '' Ecstacy : Three Tales of Chemical Romance '' .
Figure skaters compete at various levels from beginner up to the Olympic level -LRB- senior -RRB- , and at local , national , and international competitions .
In soil science , humus -LRB- Origin : 1790 â '' 1800 ; -LRB- Latin : earth , ground -RRB- refers to any organic matter that has reached a point of stability , where it will break down no further and might , if conditions do not change , remain as it is for centuries , if not millennia .
1970 & ndash ; Tonga gains independence from the United Kingdom .
In 1988 , Roraima became a state by decision of the National Congress .
More dinosaurs have been discovered in Asia than any other continent so far .
Tropical storms arrive every 3 or 4 years .
He plays for the J. League Division 1 team Omiya Ardija .
Flame is burning gas or vapor , the visible part of fire .
In 1938 , under the First Vienna Award of that year , KomÃ rno -LRB- now again as KomÃ rom -RRB- was returned to Hungary .
There are several unrelated rainbow flags in use today .
A county is a land area of local government within a country .
The names of all four satellites of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel 's son John in 1852 , at the request of William Lassell , who had discovered the other two moons , Ariel and Umbriel , the year before .
It is named for one of the oceanographic research vessels involved in its discovery in 1993 .
The village was founded in 972 .
These range from youth sports through professional level athletics .
She earned her accolade as Europe 's first professional woman writer .
The river 's source is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor , approximately 1.5 m north of Bacup , in the parish of Cliviger , Lancashire .
In criminal law , rape is an assault by a person involving sexual intercourse with another person without that person 's consent .
These tell of school-holiday adventures of children , mostly in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads .
Clara By-Pass Road Tindalo St. Yakal St. / Luwasan References External links Official Website of Barangay Sta .
He was elected MP for Derbyshire in 1741 and 1747 .
Air traffic controllers heard Atta announce , '' We have some planes , just stay quiet and you 'll be okay .
Possession Island is a small island in the Torres Strait Islands group off the coast of far northern Queensland , Australia .
Agriculture : A considerable part of the area is irrigated .
He was seen by Bonapartists as the rightful Emperor of the French after the death of Napoleon 's own son Napoleon II in 1832 , although he did little to advance his claim .
Its divine wind will sweep through -LSB- the galaxy -RSB- , propelling all who are worthy along the path of salvation .
Its first pastor was William Rider , and many notable others have filled the position since , including Benjamin Keach , Dr. John Gill , Dr. John Rippon , and C. H. Spurgeon .
Prior to the 2005 Australian Open , Safin had caught fire towards the end of the 2004 season , thanks in part to his hiring of Peter Lundgren , and was seen as among the favorites for the title .
His increasingly nationalistic views and the effectiveness with which he articulated them led Webster to become one of the most famous orators and influential Whig leaders of the Second Party System .
Goudelancourt-l Ã s-Berrieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Two major tributaries enter from the east during this last phase : the Yarmouk River and Jabbok River .
This is sometimes referred to as the '' flux density ' '' .
Ardengus becomes bishop of Florence .
Ö 3 Austria Top 40 is the name of the official Austrian singles chart , as well as the radio show which presents it , aired Fridays on Hitradio Ö 3 .
Isle-Aubigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Gours is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Chuang Yi Publishing Pte Ltd. , September 2004 .
1863 & ndash ; American Civil War : Battle of Arkansas Post & ndash ; General John McClernand and Admiral David Dixon Porter capture the Arkansas River for the Union .
Her third album , ' -LRB-/O1996/O-RRB- , was nominated for a Grammy and continued for 70 weeks in the Billboard jazz charts .
Neoprene or polychloroprene is a family of synthetic rubbers that are produced by polymerization of chloroprene .
Richard de la Pole , last Yorkist claimant to the English throne
At a minimum , HDTV has twice the linear resolution of standard-definition television -LRB- SDTV -RRB- , thus showing greater detail than either analog television or regular DVD .
Add the text ' to your talk page and type your question below it , and someone will come and help you out as soon as possible .
He was also a collector of English folk music and song which influenced his editorial approach to the English Hymnal , beginning in 1904 , containing many folk song arrangements set as hymn tunes , in addition to several original compositions .
Bahá ` u 'll áh was born on November 12 , 1817 , in Tehran , the capital city of Persia , in present-day Iran .
Renewables Global Status Report : 2009 Update p. 12 .
Some of the songs were written during Wicked Lester 's brief existence , while '' Firehouse '' was written by Paul Stanley while he was attending Music and Art High School in NYC .
Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket 's name describes this , as it means -LRB- she who -RRB- tightens the throat , however , Serket 's name also can be read as meaning -LRB- she who -RRB- causes the throat to breathe , and so , as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous , Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snake bites .
In Germany , Punch is called Kasperle or Kaspar while Judy is '' Grete '' .
John of Gaunt died in 1399 , and without explanation , Richard cancelled the legal documents that would have allowed Henry to inherit Gaunt 's land automatically ; instead , Henry would be required to ask for the lands from Richard .
In general , the incident wave is partially refracted and partially reflected ; the details of this behavior are described by the Fresnel equations .
He was voiced by Jeremy Irons in the English version of The Lion King and his supervising animator was Andreas Deja .
Cynicism -LRB- -RRB- , in its original form , refers to the beliefs of an ancient school of Greek philosophers known as the Cynics -LRB- , -RRB- .
Sanctuaries in Israel face towards Jerusalem .
T-square The receiving partner lies on their back with knees up and legs apart .
It was a pro-Ming Dynasty kingdom , and was founded by Koxinga -LRB- -RRB- , literally Lord with the Imperial Surname , because he was given the Ming Emperor 's Surname -RRB- , after the destruction of Ming power by the Manchu .
April 22 & ndash ; The first of the Statutes of Westminster are passed by the English Parliament , establishing a series of laws in its 51 clauses , including equal treatment of rich and poor , free and fair elections , and definition of bailable and non-bailable offenses .
The modern camera evolved from the camera obscura .
Richard Feynman begins his Lectures with the atomic hypothesis , as his most compact statement of all scientific knowledge : '' If , in some cataclysm , all of scientific knowledge were to be destroyed , and only one sentence passed on to the next generations ... , what statement would contain the most information in the fewest words ?
Rickardsville is a city in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
They combine elements of black metal , death metal , and folk metal with a type of Finnish folk music called humppa .
Due to the legal issues , version 2.0 of the software was frozen in beta stages .
98 , pages 333-370 .
Weatherford is a city in Custer County , Oklahoma , United States .
India sent it 's army in and fought the Pakistanis with the Bengalis until Pakistan was totally defeated and driven out of Bangladesh in December 16 , 1971 .
Melodifestivalen -LRB- , '' The Melody Festival '' -RRB- is an annual music competition organised by Swedish public broadcasters Sveriges Television -LRB- SVT -RRB- and Sveriges Radio -LRB- SR -RRB- .
Generally , criminal theft involves taking possession of property illegally .
Bürgermeister , in German : in Germany , Austria , and formerly in Switzerland .
Her father , Benjamin Mayson , died when she was young and her mother , Elizabeth Jerram later married again Henry Dorling , who was a widower and had four children of his own .
The excavated temple can still be seen in Pompeii today .
Visitors can take the '' Tower Tour '' where the interior of the hollow spire , with its ancient wood scaffolding , can be viewed .
In accordance with his pre-election pledge , bus fares were frozen for four years , but then the cash fares on buses more than doubled while Oyster -LRB- see below -RRB- fares stayed the same .
UCI Road World Championships Junior Men 's Road Race 1980 Member , United States Olympic Cycling Team 1981 Renault-Elf-Gitane First year as a professional .
Baking powder works by releasing carbon dioxide gas into a batter or dough through an acid-base reaction , causing bubbles in the wet mixture to expand and thus leavening the mixture .
His jersey number 33 has been retired by the Colorado Avalanche and the Montreal Canadiens .
The song became the group 's first number one in the UK on October 15 , 2006 , staying there for two weeks , and later rose to number one on the Modern Rock charts on October 26 , 2006 , where it would stay for seven weeks .
Irish clubs withdrew from the competition after 1971-72 due to political pressure , Withdrawal of Irish clubs and in 1973-74 and 1974-75 competed in a separate Texaco -LRB- All-Ireland -RRB- Cup.All-Ireland Cross-Border Cup Competitions , -LRB- C -RRB- Copyright Sean DeLoughry , Julian Canny and RSSSF 2003\/08 The tournament was sponsored by American petroleum giant Texaco to the tune of # 100,000 , and was instituted to help promote their recent purchase of the Regent filling station chain .
The olive tree is native to the Mediterranean region and Western Asia , and spread to nearby countries from there .
A smoothing plane , up to long , is used to begin preparing the surface for finishing .
Cecil Adams , The Straight Dope , February 2001 , webpage :
In 1992 the imprint achieved its first # 1 record in The Cure 's album Wish , which reached the top of the charts in the United Kingdom .
The chemical signal binds to the outer portion of the receptor , changing its shape and conveying another signal inside the cell .
1965 & ndash ; Vietnam War : Just miles from Da Nang , United States Marines repel an intense attack by wave after wave of Viet Cong forces , killing 56 guerrillas .
Gunnedah railway station is situated on the Mungindi -LRB- or North West -RRB- railway line , 475 k from Sydney .
The metropolitan area has a population of 1,240,000 , and the city proper 1,090,000 -LRB- 2005 census -RRB- .
The figures below are for the Taunton Deane area .
Anantnag district comprises these tehsils :
The Civil Aviation Authority -LRB- CAA -RRB- , is the publically-owned organiation in charge of aviation -LRB- flying -RRB- in the United Kingdom -LRB- UK -RRB- .
Even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : '' the inmates are running the asylum '' .
Working Group III : MitigationWorking Group 3 , IPCC .
Kite shields were commonly used by cavalry as well .
George B. McClellan
Marin Mersenne , Marin Mersennus or le PÃ re Mersenne -LRB- September 8 , 1588 -- September 1 , 1648 -RRB- was a French theologian , philosopher , mathematician and music theorist , often referred to as the '' father of acoustics '' .
Gelder 2007 Identifying subcultures Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age , ethnicity , class , location , and/or gender of the members .
Given the small size of a boot sector , Stage 1 does little more than load the next stage of GRUB -LRB- which may reside physically elsewhere on the disk -RRB- .
Ecuador -LRB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Ecuador -LRB- , -RRB- , literally , '' Republic of the equator '' -RRB- is a representative democratic republic in South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and by the Pacific Ocean to the west .
Johnny Reid '' John '' Edwards -LRB- born June 10 , 1953 -RRB- is an American politician who served one term as U.S. Senator from North Carolina .
The City of Delta Junction sits on the Delta River at the intersection of the Richardson Highway and the famed Alaska Highway -LRB- actually , the end of the Alaska Highway -RRB- . The city and Delta community lie within the fertile Tanana River valley .
William Moseley , Anna Popplewell , Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter , Susan , Lucy and Edmund , four British children evacuated during the Blitz to the countryside , who find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia .
Tropical waves in the Atlantic basin develop from disturbances which develop as far east as Sudan in east Africa and drift over the continent into the Atlantic ocean .
The map lichen is a species of lichen , Rhizocarpon geographicum , which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution .
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium , which opened in 1978 and holds 10,300 fans .
It emerged that the letters were forgeries written by journalist Richard Pigott , and Parnell was personally vindicated by the Parnell Commission in 1888-89 .
The largest horse show in Norway , the Arctic Equestrian Games , is held at the Brunstad Conference Center .
It connects via the high speed parallel port at the bottom of the GameCube and requires use of a boot disc to access the hardware .
Chuck Norris facts are satirical factoids about martial artist and actor Chuck Norris that have become an Internet phenomenon and as a result have become widespread in popular culture .
Saxe-Coburg -LRB- -RRB- was a duchy held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in today 's Bavaria , Germany .
Sputnikmusic link
He has played as goalkeeper for Urawa Red Diamonds.Com ment from Goal Keeper Coach Hisashi Tsuchida '' I have been with the Reds for such a long time .
The Pigeon Detectives are an English band from Rothwell , West Yorkshire , who formed in 2002 .
The Buddha , on his death bed , had resolved five things , one being that the branch which should be taken to Ceylon should detach itself .
Candidates are required to pass Grade 5 Theory or Grade 5 Practical Musicianship or Grade 5 Jazz in order to progress to practical exams at Grades 6 , 7 and 8 .
They are found worldwide , mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves , and are carnivores , mostly eating fish and squid .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party -LRB- SDHP -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
Courier Forschungsinstitut Senckenberg no 255 : pp 7 -- 75 .
The treaty was created with an armed attack by the Soviet Union against Western Europe in mind , but the mutual self-defense clause was never invoked during the Cold War .
She runs home to find Rhett packing to leave her , she begs him not to leave , telling him she realizes now that she had loved him all along , that she never really loved Ashley .
Nevada is a city in and the county seat of Story County , Iowa , United States .
Kanawha is a city in Hancock County , Iowa , United States .
Christine Jane Baranski -LRB- born May 2 , 1952 -RRB- is an American stage and screen actress .
Erinaceomorpha
The Stampede 's roots are traced to 1886 when the Calgary and District Agricultural Society held its first fair .
The time signature -LRB- also known as meter signature -RRB- is a notational convention used in Western musical notation to specify how many beats are in each measure and which note value constitutes one beat .
Many are plants of hot humid lowland areas , but the majority are tropical montane plants , receiving warm days but cool to cold humid nights year round .
London , UK
Patrick Joseph '' Pat '' Quinn III -LRB- born December 16 , 1948 -RRB- is the 41st and current Governor of Illinois . He is a member of the Democratic Party .
Make human translation easier , faster and more cost effective
She originated the role of Wendla in the musical Spring Awakening and currently plays Rachel Berry in the Fox television series Glee .
Digital media is a form of electronic media where data is stored in digital -LRB- as opposed to analog -RRB- form .
In 1956 , upon formal establishment , the armed forces of the Communist , east German Democratic Republic -LRB- GDR -RRB- were named the Nationale Volksarmee -LRB- National People 's Army -RRB- , some of whom , with matériel , were incorporated to the Bundeswehr when the German reunification consolidated the Germanies in 1990 .
They are divided into a smaller northern group with six islets , and a larger southern group , separated by a passage wide .
See the resistance training article for information about elastic\/hydraulic training , but note that the terms '' strength training '' and '' resistance training '' are often used interchangeably .
Henry John Heinz III -LRB- October 23 , 1938 â '' April 4 , 1991 -RRB- was an American politician from Pennsylvania , a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives -LRB- 1971 â '' 1977 -RRB- and the United States Senate -LRB- 1977 â '' 1991 -RRB- .
The twin-cam , 16 valve , aluminium cylinder head design was assisted by Cosworth , but Chevrolet did the development work .
Except for the lines U5 and U6 , all lines operate completely below ground .
The only Pacific hurricanes to strike Mexico at a greater intensity were Hurricane Madeline of 1976 and an unnamed storm in 1959 .
Though already cooked and '' ready to eat '' it is sometimes served warm , similar to the usage in France .
Daniel Dwight Tosh -LRB- born May 29 , 1975 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian and television presenter .
About 150 fishermen survived the storm by waiting on islands , sandbars , or disabled fishing boats .
Long became the manager of Doom -LRB- Ron Simmons and Butch Reed -RRB- and led them to the World Tag Team Titles .
Shelties are very good with children .
For a short time , Snow White was the highest-grossing film in American cinema history ; it was ousted from that spot by Gone with the Wind in 1939 .
Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
Pichilemu -LRB- , -RRB- , previously known as Pichilemo , is a beach resort city in central Chile .
A chaplain is typically a priest , pastor , ordained deacon , rabbi , imam , other member of the clergy , or another representative of a faith or belief , serving a group of people who are not organized as a mission or church , or who are unable to attend religious services for various reasons , such as health , confinement , or military or civil duties .
Most large cities today pipe solid wastes to treatment plants in order to separate and partly purify the water before emptying into streams or other bodies of water .
He is famous for his articulation of the theory of separation of powers , taken for granted in modern discussions of government and implemented in many constitutions throughout the world .
Both GQ and In Style had Alba on their June 2008 covers , and in May , after eight million votes , FHM -LRB- UK and USA editions -RRB- named Alba the winner as '' 2007 â s Sexiest Woman in the World '' .
The remaining convection continued to diminish , and by late on October 25 Wilma transitioned into an extratropical cyclone while located about southeast of Halifax , Nova Scotia , and still at Category 1 intensity .
On 26 February 2007 , Stefanie Sun returned from Cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters .
It is valued for its unique flavor compared to other limes , with the key lime usually having a more tart and bitter flavor .
The rank was also used , prior to 1968 , by the Royal Canadian Navy , but upon the creation of the Canadian Forces the rank of midshipman was replaced with the rank of naval cadet .
Mark has two sisters who are twins : Charlotte is a fashion designer and Samantha is a DJ and singer .
The watt -LRB- ; symbol : W -RRB- is a derived unit of power in the International System of Units -LRB- SI -RRB- , named after the Scottish engineer James Watt -LRB- 1736 -- 1819 -RRB- .
The colors were standardized in 1843 , although other combinations have been seen and are occasionally still used .
Slobodan DubajiÄ -LRB- born February 19 , 1963 -RRB- is a former Serbian football player .
Helmet design : White background , with a black '' BC '' and a profile of a mountain lion 's head -LRB- orange -RRB- .
March 10 & ndash ; King Ferdinand II of Aragon -LRB- d. 1516 -RRB-
Due to the writers ' strike , the fourth season featured 14 episodes , and season 5 had 17 episodes .
Before becoming an area protected by the Peruvian government , the ManÃ National Park was conserved thanks to its inaccessibility .
In a mixed government , some issues -LRB- often defined in a constitution -RRB- are decided by the majority of the people , some other issues by few , and some other issues by a single person -LRB- also often defined in a constitution -RRB- .
Bird was voted to the NBA 's 50th Anniversary All-Time TeamLarry Bird summary NBA.com .
Sartre lies buried in Cimetière de Montparnasse in Paris .
The List of subcamps of Sachsenhausen identifies forced labor facilities of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp .
Piero Gobetti -LRB- ; Turin , June 19 , 1901 â '' Paris , February 15 , 1926 -RRB- was an Italian journalist , intellectual and radical liberal and anti-fascist .
-LRB- -RRB- was a political movement within the Communist Party of Soviet Union widely associated with the Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev .
After finishing the tractor beam early he demands more money , but instead is dumped into a pit of sharks with lasers on their heads by Scott and Doctor Evil .
However , his father intended him to be a solicitor , and he attended Eton College , from there continuing on to Trinity College , Oxford .
Tabriz is the site for 14 of Iran 's most prominent universities , the main university of the city is University of Tabriz established in 1947 . University of Tabriz is the most prestigious university in north-western Iran and it is considered one of five mother universities in the country .
Argences is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
By the 1960s , more than 200 lakes had been created , the most in the nation .
This field covers all chemical compounds except the myriad organic compounds -LRB- carbon based compounds , usually containing C-H bonds -RRB- , which are the subjects of organic chemistry .
He is widely recognized as the last great master of Ukiyo-e , a type of Japanese woodblock printing .
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography .
Dippoldiswalde is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , capital of the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district .
Bourgeois Influences on Anarchism -LRB- in English -RRB-
id : sfondo value : rgb -LRB-/O1,1,1/O-RRB-
The West Slavs are Slavic peoples speaking West Slavic languages .
On 21 August 2010 , Walcott scored the first hat-trick of his club career after he netted three against newly promoted Blackpool in a 6 -- 0 home win , coming in just the second game of the new season .
The Holocaust Research Unit of Justus Liebig University of Gießen has established the Kellner Project
Subject to the limits imposed by the Constitution of Ireland , it has power to pass any law it wishes , and to nominate and remove the Taoiseach -LRB- head of government -RRB- .
She is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where she appears on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Tiffany .
Aesthetics -LRB- also spelled æsthetics or esthetics -RRB- is a branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of beauty , art , and taste , and with the creation and appreciation of beauty .
The city of Ithaca , named for the Greek island of Ithaca , sits on the southern shore of Cayuga Lake , in Central New York , USA .
Saint-Mars-du-D Ã sert is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Dáil electorate consists of Irish and United Kingdom citizens over 18 years of age who are registered to vote in the Republic of Ireland .
It handles over 54 million people a year .
It has largest railway network in the country ; with a total length of 8,546 km -LRB- as on 2006 -RRB- and the sixth largest railway density .
Hastings , East Sussex , East Sussex , England
It claims to be the world 's largest ice cream franchise,Baskin-Robbins About Us with more than 5,800 locations , 2,800 of which are located in the United States .
The airline 's main hub is Auckland Airport -LRB- formerly Auckland International Airport -RRB- .
Since June 2007 , the party is headed by Pauline Marois .
The Godfather is a 1972 American thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay by Puzo , Coppola , and Robert Towne , who was not credited .
SAS depends on a point-to-point serial protocol that replaces the parallel SCSI bus technology that first appeared in the mid 1980s in data centers and workstations , and it uses the standard SCSI command set .
The density varies considerably throughout the county with the lowest being in the region of Derbyshire Dales at 0.88 , and highest outside of the main cities in the region of Erewash which has 10.04 people per hectare .
From Calvin 's point of view Hobbes is an anthropomorphic tiger , much larger than Calvin and full of independent attitudes and ideas .
The creation of the new port moved the Port of Liverpool 's boundary to the west .
Tourette-du-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Moreau was born in Paris , the daughter of Katherine -LRB- Buckley -RRB- , a dancer who performed at the Folies BergÃ re , and Anatole-D Ã sirÃ Moreau , a restaurateur . Moreau 's father was French and her mother was English , a native of Lancashire in England and of part-Irish descent .
The clitoral glans -LRB- glans clitoridis -RRB- is an external portion of the clitoris .
Locke 's father , who was also named John Locke , was a country lawyer and clerk to the Justices of the Peace in Chew Magna , who had served as a captain of cavalry for the Parliamentarian forces during the early part of the English Civil War .
The Scottish Parliament -LRB- ; Scots : Scottish Pairlament -RRB- The Scots for Scottish is in fact Scots .
Dámaso Bances
According to the court records , Reverend Praetorius was so upset about the torture of the accused woman that he pressed for a stop in the trial against the last surviving woman .
Both colonial and solitary species also reproduce by cloning â '' solitary species grow clones in the space between the tentacles and then release them when developed , while colonial ones produce new members from the stalks or from corridor-like stolons .
1 .
The genus is generally adapted to acidic soils , and most species do not grow well on chalky or other calcium-rich soils .
But the essential part is the face , because the human face takes part in communication .
In dry years , the Lachlan can have periods of zero flow of over a year -LRB- for example from April 1944 to April 1945 -RRB- , which is a complete contrast to the Murray and Murrumbidgee which have not been known to cease to flow since European settlement .
As early as the 1950s , meteorologists were unclear whether they should be characterized as tropical or extratropical cyclones .
He released his debut album , Beware of Dog , at age 13 , then under the stage name Lil Bow Wow , which was given to him by one of his idols , Snoop Dogg .
The Spanish government is committed to achieving a target of 12 percent of primary energy from renewable energy by 2010 with an installed solar generating capacity of 3000 megawatts -LRB- MW -RRB- .
Its orbit is slightly more eccentric that that of Hygiea -LRB- 15 % versus 12 % -RRB- but differs from Hygiea 's in its much greater inclination and slightly shorter period .
Whilst there , they were coached by the Chilingirian Quartet .
It is a moveable feast , falling on a different date each year because it is dependent on the date of Easter .
Lostprophets -LRB- -RRB- are a Welsh alternative rock band originating from Pontypridd , Wales , UK .
1945 & ndash ; Puyi , the last Chinese emperor and ruler of Manchukuo , is captured by Soviet troops .
September & ndash ; The Battle of the North Inch takes place in Perth , Scotland .
Michelle Leigh McCool -LRB- born January 25 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- on the SmackDown brand .
January 31 & ndash ; The Washington Monument is established .
Thus the degree of intrinsic parallelism in the code stream forms a second limitation .
The city is home to two Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- teams : the Chicago Cubs of the National League -LRB- NL -RRB- , who play in Wrigley Field on the city 's North Side , and the Chicago White Sox of the American League -LRB- AL -RRB- , who play in U.S. Cellular Field on the city 's South Side .
The city of Pierre -LRB- , -RRB- is the capital of the U.S. state of South Dakota and the county seat of Hughes County .
Early life and career Hewitt was born in Waco , Texas , the daughter of Patricia Mae -LRB- née Shipp -RRB- , a speech-language pathologist , and Herbert Daniel Hewitt , a medical technician .
Corbehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1856 , he married Marie-Nelly Monchablon and subsequently had five children .
The news sent the fans into despair but Giuseppe Coccimiglio took over the reins of the club and gave confidence to the new club which assumed the team 's historic name , Unione Sportiva Foggia , and was able to keep their place in the league .
Economic factors , such as regulations and standards for quality and appearance , also cause food waste ; farmers often harvest selectively , preferring to leave crops not to standard in the field -LRB- where they can be used as fertilizer or animal feed -RRB- , since they would otherwise be discarded later .
The university -LRB- the third in Italy -RRB- was founded in 1222 , and it flourished in the 1200s .
Both sets feature the original Japanese monaural dialogue track as well as the English-dubbed version produced by United Artists for North American syndication .
1607 & ndash ; Eighty Years ' War : The Dutch fleet destroys the anchored Spanish fleet at Gibraltar .
Many places in Brazil called São Luís in Portuguese are named after the French Saint Louis .
The following week on Raw , General Manager Eric Bischoff awarded a newly instated World Heavyweight Championship to Raw 's designated # 1 contender , Triple H. Because since the WWE Undisputed Championship was now SmackDown !
Murdoch House has since been fully restored and is now regularly used by the Redruth Old Cornwall Society , as well as the Cornish-American Connection and the Redruth Story Group .
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya -LRB- Arabic : al-Ib iyyah -RRB- is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
Full House is an American television sitcom that ran from September 22 , 1987 to May 23 , 1995 on ABC .
Thus he presented himself as the fountainhead of the Empire and Roman life and religion .
The tax raised , called stamp duty , was first devised in the Netherlands in 1624 after a public competition to find a new form of tax .
Speed is an Okinawan female vocal/dance group comprising of Hiroko Shimabukuro , Eriko Imai , Takako Uehara and Hitoe Arakaki .
The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse located on the Outer Banks in Corolla , North Carolina .
Roman Giertych comes from a prominent family of Polish politicians , being a son of Maciej Giertych and a grandson of J drzej Giertych .
LINE -LRB- combat system -RRB- , a martial arts system
The ten-day event , which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth , attracts over one million visitors per year and features the world 's largest rodeo , a parade , midway , stage shows , concerts , agricultural competitions , chuckwagon racing and First Nations exhibitions .
After several near misses , Anand won the FIDE World Chess Championship in 2000 for the first time after defeating Alexei Shirov 3 Â 1\/2 â '' 0 Â 1\/2 in the final match held at Tehran , thereby becoming the first Indian to win that title .
These are a pair of thick folds of mucous membrane that protect and sit slightly superior to the more delicate true folds .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 44,668 .
The Apache License is a free software license authored by the Apache Software Foundation -LRB- ASF -RRB- .
The FCW Florida Tag Team Championship was also introduced in February , with the Puerto Rican Nightmares -LRB- Eddie ColÃ n and Eric PÃ rez -RRB- beating Steven Lewington and Heath Miller to win it in the finals of a one night tournament .
State Road A1A is a Florida State Road that runs mostly along the Atlantic Ocean , with sections from Key West at the southern tip of Florida , to Callahan , just south of Georgia .
The following artists have all had recordings on Kingdom Records :
Corte has become a major University town in Corsica since the Pasquale Paoli University opened up again in 1980s .
Pure manganese used for the production of non-iron alloys is produced by leaching manganese ore with sulfuric acid and a subsequent electrowinning process .
Soon Miss Bianca and Bernard attract the attention of Medusa 's pet alligators , Brutus and Nero .
Example given by both Scholes -LRB-/O1977/O-RRB- and Lloyd -LRB-/O1969/O-RRB- The International Folk Music Council definition allows that the term '' can also be applied to music which has originated with an individual composer and has subsequently been absorbed into the unwritten , living tradition of a community .
On 29 November 1947 , the plan was put to a vote in the United Nations General Assembly .
This process slows microbial growth in food .
The winner , Vecepia Towery , was revealed on May 19 , 2002 , where she defeated Neleh Dennis by a vote of 4-3 .
The system was named Tropical Depression Six on August 5 , and the system slowly moved over Mexico and dissipated on August 6 , never reaching tropical storm strength .
In 1967 Steve Fossen formed The Army along with Roger Fisher on guitar , Don Wilhelm on guitar , keyboards and lead vocals , Ray Schaefer on drums .
As gas expands to drive out the payload , only some propellant evaporates inside the can to maintain an even pressure .
In the ancient Egyptian language , the Nile is called á ` pÄ '' or iteru , meaning '' great river '' , represented by the hieroglyphs shown on the left -LRB- literally itrw , and ` waters ' determinative -RRB- In Coptic , the words piaro -LRB- Sahidic -RRB- or phiaro -LRB- Bohairic -RRB- meaning '' the river '' -LRB- lit .
Upon relinquishing in 2006 the title of Patriarch of the West , Pope Benedict XVI renamed these basilicas from '' Patriarchal Basilicas '' to '' Papal Basilicas '' .
-- CODATA report
The '' E '' prefix is omitted in Australia and New Zealand .
The play was staged at London 's Theatre Royal Haymarket and concerned the court trial of an alleged murderer from beginning to end .
The legislature of 1919 decided that the design of the seal should no longer vary , and the design is still used today .
During his early years , Wesley had enjoyed a deep religious experience .
Thus towns formed communes , a legal basis for turning the cities into self-governing corporations . Although in most cases the development of communes was connected with that of the cities , there were rural communes , notably in France and England , that were formed to protect the common interests of villagers .
1900 & ndash ; Wolfgang Ernst Pauli , Austrian-born physicist , Nobel Prize laureate -LRB- d. 1958 -RRB-
In 1994 she published her second album '' Ben Böyle A k Görmedim '' -LRB- I Did n't See Love like This -RRB- and album included a 1994 hit with its video , '' Geceler Kara Tren '' -LRB- '' The Nights are Dark Train '' -RRB- .
The Montreal Canadiens upset the heavily favored Boston Bruins two games to none for the Stanley Cup .
Charleval is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France .
However , an extension to USB standard specification called USB On-The-Go -LRB- the capitalization oddity is deliberate -RRB- allows a single port to act as either a host or a device -- chosen by which end of the cable plugs into the receptacle on the unit .
Eisenach is a city in Thuringia , Germany .
benches , bollards , post boxes , phone boxes , streetlamps , traffic lights , traffic signs , bus stops , grit bins , tram stops , taxi stands , public lavatories , fountains , watering troughs and memorials , and waste receptacles .
.
Many of his novels , including The Count of Monte Cristo , The Three Musketeers , Twenty Years After , and The Vicomte de Bragelonne were originally serialized .
The Cathedral contains the world 's oldest working clock -LRB- from AD 1386 -RRB- and has one of the four surviving original copies of the Magna Carta -LRB- all four original copies are in England -RRB- .
He was a member of a Stanley Cupâ '' winning team three times , all with the Canadiens .
They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies , both in the same year . Despite competing in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup finals , both in 2000 , they have not won any silverware since 1995 .
Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Scale model
On June 3 at One Night Stand , Lashley defeated Vince McMahon in a street fight to win the ECW World Championship for a second reign despite interference by Shane McMahon and Umaga in the match , making Lashley the first man to win the ECW World Championship twice since WWE reactivated the title .
At about 10 pm , well after Hitler had signed and issued the order for the invasion , Göring and Hitler gave up on waiting and published a forged telegram containing a request by the Austrian Government for German troops to enter Austria .
Evolutionary Biology of Parasites .
Span is the width of a human hand , from the tip of the thumb to the tip of the pinky finger .
In 2007 , the municipality of Llivia had a total population of 1,388 .
A battalion is a military unit of around 300 â '' 1,300 soldiers usually consisting of between two and seven companies and typically commanded by either a Lieutenant Colonel or a Colonel .
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is an additional digital radio service provided by the BBC via DAB Digital Radio and the digital satellite , digital terrestrial , IPTV and digital cable television services in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland .
In the study of transport phenomena -LRB- heat transfer , mass transfer and fluid dynamics -RRB- , flux is defined as the amount that flows through a unit area per unit time Flux in this definition is a vector .
Rapid intensification continued that afternoon and Bertha strengthened into a major hurricane with 125 mph -LRB- 205 km\/h -RRB- winds and a well-defined eye .
Soon , thanks apparently to Elizabeth 's uncle , Lydia and Wickham are found and married .
A bass-baritone is a high-lying bass or low-lying '' classical '' baritone voice which shares certain qualities with the true baritone voice type .
See also Wikipedia : Manual of Style -LRB- lists of works -RRB- .
The politically active social movement of the Christian right includes individuals from a wide variety of conservative theological beliefs , ranging from traditional movements within Baptist , Mormon , and Calvinist organizations to groups within Lutheranism , Calvinism and Catholicism that are more theologically conservative than the denominations as a whole .
Keyshia Miesha Cole -LRB- born October 15 , 1981 -RRB- better known as her stage name , Keyshia Cole is an American recording artist and producer .
It became extratropical on September 14 .
Pisano is sometimes considered to be the founder of modern sculpture .
It borders to the municipalities of Ellezelles -LRB- to the west -RRB- and Lessines -LRB- to the east -RRB- in the same province and to Brakel in the province of East Flanders , on the other side of the language border .
Eni S.p.A. is an Italian multinational oil and gas company , present in 70 countries , and currently Italy 's largest industrial company with a market capitalization of â 87.7 billion euros -LRB- US$ 138 billion -RRB- , as of July 24 , 2008 .
The great amiability and childlike simplicity of his character are well brought out in his Journal et correspondence -LRB- Paris , 1872 -RRB- .
Customs such as the Yule log , Yule goat , Yule boar , Yule singing , and others stem from Yule .
Characters Mowgli -- Main character , the young jungle boy .
Hans Luther -LRB- 10 March 1879 -- 11 May 1962 -RRB- was a German politician and Chancellor of Germany .
Yenisei -LRB- -RRB- is the greatest river system flowing to the Arctic Ocean , and at 5,539 km -LRB- 3,445 mi -RRB- is the fifth longest river in the world .
An insulin pump is an alternative to multiple daily injections of insulin by insulin syringe or an insulin pen and allows for intensive insulin therapy when used in conjunction with blood glucose monitoring and carb counting .
The island was referred to as B nláng Yù -LRB- , -RRB- in the navigational drawings used by Admiral Zheng He of Ming-dynasty China in his expeditions to the South Seas in the 15th century .
The population was 510 at the 2000 census .
Lopholistriodon
Institut d'histoire du livre , 2004 .
The historical city of al-Mansura is situated about 19 km south-east of Shahdadpur .
Usually each character in the keystream is either added , subtracted or XORed with a character in the plaintext to produce the ciphertext , using modular arithmetic .
The monarchy was the most powerful during the 17th century and the reign of Louis XIV of France .
Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart are among the central figures of the Classical period .
The absence of New South Wales , the largest colony , also diminished its representative value .
In particular , Hungarian leaders demanded and received the Emperor 's coronation as King of Hungary , and the re-establishment of a separate parliament at Budapest with the powers to enact laws for the lands of the Hungarian crown .
It is located at 34 ° 11 ' 40N 73 ° 21 ' 50E and has an average elevation of 2176 metres -LRB- 7142 feet -RRB- above sea-level .
Dissé-sous-Ballon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Eons are divided into eras , which are in turn divided into periods , epochs and ages .
The video depicts a couple -LRB- portrayed by actors Dominic Monaghan and Megan Fox -RRB- in a love-hate relationship .
The Flaming Gorge Dam is 502 f high above the Green River .
On 1 November 1755 , Lisbon , the largest city and capital of the Portuguese Empire , was strongly shaken by an earthquake which killed thousands and destroyed a large portion of the city .
The sources of most GRBs are billions of light years away from Earth , implying that the explosions are both extremely energetic -LRB- a typical burst releases as much energy in a few seconds as the Sun will in its entire 10 billion year lifetime -RRB- and extremely rare -LRB- a few per galaxy per million years -RRB- .
The killer whale -LRB- Orcinus orca -RRB- , commonly referred to as the orca , and less commonly as the blackfish , is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family .
Programming languages define the syntax and sematics of computer programs .
Track listing Personnel Hybrid Theory Chester Bennington -- Vocals Rob Bourdon -- drums Kyle Christener - bass guitar Brad Delson -- lead guitar Joe Hahn -- turntablist , samples Mike Shinoda -- Vocals , MC , keyboard , rhythm guitarist Production Produced by Mike Shinoda .
The slang name ` garden huckleberry ' -LRB- Solanum melanocerasum -RRB- is not considered to be a true huckleberry but a member of the nightshade family .
To make a row optional use a parameter that defaults to an empty string , like so :
Baden-Powell wrote the principles of Scouting in Scouting for Boys -LRB- London , 1908 -RRB- , based on his earlier military books , with influence and support of Frederick Russell Burnham -LRB- Chief of Scouts in British Africa -RRB- , Ernest Thompson Seton of the Woodcraft Indians , William Alexander Smith of the Boys ' Brigade , and his publisher Pearson .
He was the eldest son of Afanasiy Bulgakov , an assistant professor at the Kiev Theological Academy .
It also features the voice work of Sinbad , Carla Gugino , Tisha Campbell-Martin , Adam Goldberg , Al Michaels , Tommy Lasorda , and Bob Uecker .
Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British horror comedy film directed by Edgar Wright , starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , and written by Pegg and Wright .
In addition , some color blind people find it easier to distinguish problem colors on artificial materials , such as plastic or in acrylic paints , than on natural materials , such as paper or wood .
Slovak and Irons still considered the Red Hot Chili Peppers as only a side project and so they quit to focus on What Is This ?
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens , but their carcinogenic activity is attributed to the radiation , for example gamma rays and alpha particles , which they emit .
' is the provisional designation of an object seen orbiting Saturn just beyond the outer strand of the F ring on June 21 , 2004 .
1967 & ndash ; More than sixty nations sign the Outer Space Treaty banning nuclear weapons in space .
Chériennes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The rainfall caused flooding along the Yaque del Norte River , and initially there appeared to be a threat that the Tavera Dam along the river would fail , potentially killing thousands in Santiago Province .
Residents of Gwangju resisted by means of arms , arming themselves with stolen guns and military jeeps .
Traditionally , neuroscience has been seen as a branch of the biological sciences .
Myxobolus cerebralis is a myxosporean parasite of salmonids -LRB- salmon , trout , and their allies -RRB- that causes whirling disease in farmed salmon and trout and also in wild fish populations .
C17 , replaced Latin as a long-lasting standard Authorized King James Version For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish , but have everlasting life .
The Equator is the only line of latitude which is also a great circle .
In 1946 he settled in Milnerton , Cape Town , South Africa , with his wife Vera de Villiers .
Despite his brief stint at Tiffin , Ivory 's performance and speed attracted attention from NFL scouts , and he was thought to have a chance of becoming the first Tiffin player to be drafted by the NFL The Saints became interested in Ivory , despite his injuries , after one of their scouts was impressed by Walkosky 's enthusiastic recommendations .
The Center has two book series called '' Danish Urban Studies '' and '' Writings on Danish Urban History '' with books and articles about Danish urban history from medieval ages until today .
Barlin is a commune and seat of a canton in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The collections contain over 150 million specimens , of which only a small fraction can be displayed at any given time .
It is usually considered a superorder , with Isoptera , Blattaria and Mantodea being its three orders .
The cut stones of the fortress were used in the construction of the Pont de la Concorde .
Touët - de-l ` Escarène is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
This is no minor inconvenience , as security checkpoints -LRB- manned by '' pols '' and '' nats '' , the police and National Guard -RRB- are set up throughout the city to stop and arrest anyone without valid ID .
Prion diseases are extremely rare .
Diatomyidae is a family of hystricomorphous , sciurognathous rodents found in Asia .
Balnot-sur-Laignes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Muslims believe that many prophets existed , including many not mentioned in the Qur ` an . The Qur ` an itself refers to at least four other prophets but does not name them .
Gabrielle also fights against warriors with notable skill ; she defeats the warrior Mavican and stands against Ares and Hades -LRB- two gods -RRB- in battle for a period of time , before they defeat her .
A fall is obtained by gaining a decision in any manner , normally consisting of a pinfall , submission , count-out , or disqualification .
Concept and creation Background The Lord of the Rings started as a sequel to J. R. R. Tolkien 's earlier work , The Hobbit , published in 1937 .
They are mostly composed of Ca-poor pyroxene , pigeonite , and Ca-rich plagioclase -LRB- anorthite -RRB- .
The England cricket team -LRB- -RRB- is the cricket team which represents England and Wales .
This family contains more than 35,000 described species of plant-eating beetles .
Dudu Cearense , whose real name is Alexandro Silva de Sousa , -LRB- born April 15 , 1983 in Fortaleza , CearÃ -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Olympiakos .
The two were content for a time , but Susano'o , the Storm God , became restless and went on a rampage destroying his sister 's rice fields , hurled a flayed pony at her loom , and killed one of her attendants in a fit of rage .
Its name in Ossetic transliterates -LRB- in the ISO 9-system -RRB- as Respublikæ Cægat Iryston - Alani .
On Michelle 's MySpace page she says that her favourite musicians are Stevie Nicks , Peaches , and Eminem , but she does n't like Keane and James Blunt .
The term Watts Riots of 1965 refers to a large-scale riot which lasted 6 days in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , in August 1965 .
Chouy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Previously she had served as Second Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Côte - Nord -LRB- French for '' North Shore '' , area 247,627.06 km , or 95,609.34 sq mi -RRB- is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec , Canada , after Nord-du-Qu ébec .
The third edition of the Textus Receptus of the Bible is published .
The May Queen or Queen of May is a term which has two distinct but related meanings , as a mythical figure and as a holiday personification .
After many complaints about widespread cheating , the top four finishers were disqualified by the French cycling union .
This more powerful force is mediated by particles called gluons .
The film is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name , and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures in the US .
Cope introduced his colleague to the marl pit owner Albert Vorhees when the two visited the site .
Cabidos is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians in his generation .
Gammer -LRB- real name Matt Lee -RRB- is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
Odilon Redon -LRB- pronounced o dee lawn r ` dawn -RRB- was born in Bordeaux , Aquitaine to a prosperous family .
Energy becomes available to increase the thermal energy -LRB- temperature -RRB- only after enough hydrogen bonds are broken that the ice can be considered liquid water .
Jones , B. et al. , Politics UK , -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- They were created in 1974 and are each divided into several metropolitan districts .
Government approvals were granted for construction of the Island Line in December 1980 .
Archeologists have also found gold from Panama in the Sacred Cenote of Chichen Itza .
Much of the theology of the Seventh-day Adventist Church corresponds to evangelical teachings such as the Trinity and the infallibility of Scripture .
Festieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Flux definition and theorems Flux is surface bombardment rate .
The following is a partial list of characters from the radio program Adventures in Odyssey .
After suffering many defeats and the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , the Empire of Japan surrendered to the Allies on 2 September 1945 .
The period saw extensive achievements in architecture , Tamil literature , sculpture and bronze working , quasi-democratic reforms , maritime conquests and trade .
The stones were erected at some stage during the Neolithic period , probably around 3300 BC , but some may date to as old as 4500 BC .
In a philosophical context , it may refer to the Universe , everything that constitutes reality .
The koda Superb is a large family car primarily built by the Czech car manufacturer koda Auto as its flagship car .
However , there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism ; instead , non-genetic factors cause the organism 's genes to behave -LRB- or '' express themselves '' -RRB- differently .
Georges Auric -LRB- 15 February 1899 -- 23 July 1983 -RRB- was a French composer , born in LodÃ ve , HÃ rault .
Richard Kieckhefer -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- .
Pretty Little Devils is a 2008 direct-to-video American black comedy film directed by Irving Rothberg .
Singaporeans are especially encouraged to do this during occasions of national celebration or national significance .
La Bazoge-Montpinçon is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
In 2001 , he followed in his father 's footsteps and joined Rennes .
The construction of the Bahrain circuit was a national objective for Bahrain , initiated by the Crown Prince , Shaikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa .
The electric eel or temblador -LRB- Electrophorus electricus -RRB- , is an electrical fish , and the only species of the genus Electrophorus .
Nojima partially or completely wrote the stories for Final Fantasy VII , Final Fantasy VIII , Final Fantasy X , and Final Fantasy X-2 .
The name Runnymede is used commonly now to refer to land in National Trust ownership in the Thames flood plain south-west of the river between Old Windsor and Egham .
A gas syringe also known as glass collecting bottle , is a piece of laboratory glassware used to insert or withdraw a volume of a gas from a closed system , or to measure the volume of gas evolved from a chemical reaction .
Short appearances by celebrities , film directors , politicians , athletes , musicians or even characters from other fictional works are common .
For a large part of the 1990s , with the SPD languishing in the opinion polls , Fischer was referred to by his admirers as the '' real '' Leader of the Opposition .
For the '' general public '' ; this book has well over 200 color prints with commentary on each site where the photos were taken ; the organization begins with the earliest art and goes to modern times .
The novel begins with Lord Henry Wotton observing the artist Basil Hallward painting the portrait of a handsome young man named Dorian Gray .
In 1992 , another world tour followed with former Dio and Whitesnake guitarist Vivian Campbell joining the band , but the band 's fortunes began to be affected by the rise of alternative rock , including grunge .
The aim of the service is to provide medical care , primary and emergency , to people who can not reach hospitals or general practitioners .
Ogden 's rules of grammar for Basic English help people use the 850 words to talk about things and events in a normal way .
Its capital and the largest city is Vilnius .
Today , the most visible evidence of the Nasrids is the Alhambra palace complex built under their rule .
They range in size from the Pygmy Cormorant -LRB- Phalacrocorax pygmaeus -RRB- , at as little as 45 cm -LRB- 18 in -RRB- and 340 g -LRB- 12 oz -RRB- , to the Flightless Cormorant -LRB- Phalacrocorax harrisi -RRB- , at a maximum size 100 cm -LRB- 40 in -RRB- and 5 kg -LRB- 11 lb -RRB- .
Kathleen Babineaux Blanco -LRB- born December 15 , 1942 -RRB- was the 54th Governor of Louisiana , having served from January 2004 until January 2008 .
5 × Galloping Gobbler Award
Pandora 's box is an artifact in Greek mythology , taken from the myth of Pandora 's creation around line 60 of Hesiod 's Works and Days . The '' box '' was actually a large jar -LRB- Ï Î Î Î Ï pithos -RRB- given to Pandora -LRB- Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Î -RRB- -LRB- '' all-gifted '' -RRB- , which contained all the evils of the world .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 9.1 km2 -LRB- 3.5 mi2 -RRB- .
These units are part of Alstom 's Juniper family of units , which also includes Classes 334 and 460 .
James dropped the title back to Melina , giving her the shortest Women 's Championship reign in WWE history .
Opera has a built in IRC client .
Ingo Rechenberg -LRB- born January 20 1934 in Berlin -RRB- is a German computer scientist and professor .
Williams was drafted 3rd overall in the 2005 draft by the Utah Jazz , for whom he played before being traded in the middle of his sixth season to the Nets .
Instead , he was more interested in his physical education career , receiving an honorary PE Masters degree in 1910 , patrolled the Mexican border for four months in 1916 during World War I , traveled to France , published two books -LRB- '' A Modern College '' in 1911 and '' Essence of a Healthy Life '' in 1918 -RRB- and took on American citizenship in 1925 .
Vampires Suck was released on August 18 , 2010 in the United States and Russia , August 26 in Australia and will be released on October 15 in the United Kingdom .
The population at 2008 was of 1.71 million people and it is the eighth most populous city of Brazil according to data from Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics , the IBGE .
The film is a midquel , the story taking place in the middle of Disney 's original Bambi , with the Great Prince of the Forest dealing with the now motherless Bambi .
The smaller west part of the municipality includes Rue du Bailli\/Baljuwstraat and extends roughly from Avenue Louise to Avenue Brugmann\/Brugmannlaan .
He established the teaching method '' Lernen durch Lehren '' -LRB- learning by teaching -RRB- , a method for students to learn by teaching their peers .
Grindelwald is a municipality in the district of Interlaken in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Cicero was assassinated on the Appian Way outside the town in 43 BC , and his tomb remains a minor tourist destination .
Its adherents , the Mandaeans , revere Adam , Abel , Seth , Enosh , Noah , Shem , Aram and especially John the Baptist .
The Doctrines and Practice of Nichiren Shoshu The previous era ended and a new one commenced in Sh ka 3 .
Despite its short run , the series had two weekly installments for most of its tenure , giving the show a total of 120 episodes -LRB- the equivalent of roughly five regular seasons -RRB- .
Ricky Martin -LRB- born Enrique Martín Morales on December 24 , 1971 -RRB- is a Puerto Rican pop singer and actor who achieved prominence , first as a member of the Latin boyband Menudo , then as a solo artist since 1991 .
Eight municipalities -LRB- Atter , Pye , Hellern , Nahne , Voxtrup , Darum , Gretesch and Lüstringen -RRB- were merged with the city of Osnabrück in the same year .
In an effort to avoid the sentimental image of the '' Aunt Jane '' tradition and approach Austen 's fiction from a fresh perspective , in 1917 British intellectual and travel writer Reginald Farrer published a lengthy essay in the Quarterly Review which Austen scholar A. Walton Litz calls the best single introduction to her fiction .
Hartman was born in Highland Park , Michigan to Elmer Earl Hartman III and Carol Davis .
It is used , alongside the Gregorian calendar , by the Gazette of India , news broadcasts by All India Radio , and calendars and communications issued by the Government of India .
Oxygen was independently discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele , in Uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and Joseph Priestley in Wiltshire , in 1774 , but Priestley is often given priority because his publication came out in print first .
Gaye began working on his final duet album , this time with Diana Ross for the Diana & Marvin project , an album of duets that began recording in 1972 , while Ross was pregnant with her second child , Tracee Ellis Ross .
The southern range begins in the southwestern most Dominican Republic as the Sierra de Bahoruco , and extends west into Haiti as the Massif de la Selle and the Massif de la Hotte , which form the mountainous spine of Haiti 's southern peninsula .
A pinhole camera is a simple camera without a lens and with a single small aperture -- effectively a light-proof box with a small hole in one side .
Fayetteville -LRB- formerly Washington -RRB- is a city in and the county seat of Washington County , Arkansas , United States , and is home to the University of Arkansas .
Its headquarters is in Paris , in the Rue du Commandant Mouchotte .
The Berwickshire News is still published weekly , and numerous organizations and groups have retained Berwickshire in their titles -LRB- i.e. : the Berwickshire Housing Association , Berwickshire Sports Council -RRB- .
Néstor Pipo Gorosito began his playing career at River Plate , he had 3 spells at San Lorenzo where he scored 72 goals in 241 appearances .
A modern infield road course was constructed between 1998 and 2000 , incorporating the western and southern portions of the oval -LRB- including the southwest turn -RRB- to create a 2.605 m track .
Plant stem , the above ground structures that have vascular tissue and that support leaves and flowers Also see similar :
Beerangali Union Council Ethnically , the two main tribes are the Karlal or ` Kiraal ' and the Quraishi .
The notion that art should examine its own nature was already a potent aspect of -LRB- the influential art critic -RRB- Clement Greenberg 's vision of Modern art during the 1950s .
Hera then sent a gadfly -LRB- Greek oistros , compare oestrus -RRB- -RRB- to sting Io as she wandered the earth .
-LRB- , -RRB- is a savory and pungent fermented Korean condiment .
Franck Durix -LRB- born 20 October 1965 in Belleville , Rhône -RRB- is a retired French professional footballer .
13th Planet Records is a record label founded by Ministry frontman Al Jourgensen and his wife , Angelina Jourgensen in 2004 .
In many countries the most common energy sources for heating water are fossil fuels : natural gas , liquefied petroleum gas , oil , or sometimes solid fuels .
However , different recipes , even in the Bolognese tradition , make use of chopped pork or pork sausage , while chicken , rabbit , or goose liver may be added along with the beef or veal for special occasions , and today many use both butter and olive oil for cooking the soffritto of small amounts of celery , carrot and onion .
Republican Party candidate and incumbent President George W. Bush defeated Democratic Party candidate John Kerry , the then-junior U.S. Senator from Massachusetts .
Khan 's first notable leading role came in 1988 in the film Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak which was directed by his cousin and Nasir Hussain 's son Mansoor Khan .
He was born in Campos dos Goytacazes , Rio de Janeiro State .
The smell of the pouch is reportedly '' suffocating '' , and may assist in calming bees when raiding beehives .
Doctors can detect damage to the olfactory system by presenting the patient with odors via a scratch and sniff card or by having the patient close their eyes and try to identify commonly available odors like coffee or peppermint candy .
Kijiji websites are currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany .
Didí Torrico Camacho -LRB- born 18 May 1988 in Cochabamba -RRB- is a Bolivian football midfielder who currently plays for Wilsterman and the Bolivian national team .
BenoÃ t Pedretti -LRB- born 12 November 1980 in Audincourt , Doubs -RRB- is a French football midfielder playing for AJ Auxerre .
Nicomachus writes extensively on numbers , especially on the significance of prime numbers and perfect numbers and argues that arithmetic is ontologically prior to the other mathematical sciences -LRB- geometry , music , and astronomy -RRB- , and is their cause .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson -LRB- born April 24 , 1982 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
If the used grounds remain in the drink after brewing , French pressed coffee left to stand can become bitter , though this is an effect that many users of French press consider beneficial .
Manfred Kaltz -LRB- born 6 January 1953 -RRB- is a former German football player and manager .
This includes landscape-level spatial simulation modeling ; analysis of energy and material flows through economic and ecological systems ; valuation of ecosystem services , biodiversity , carrying capacity , and natural capital ; and analysis and correction of dysfunctional incentive systems .
Azuli Records was an independent record label , focusing mainly on house music and other forms of electronic dance music .
In October 2007 , the orchestra named the Latvian conductor Andris Nelsons as the CBSO 's 12th music director , effective with the 2008 -- 2009 season .
Ishmaelites are the descendants of Ishmael , the elder son of Abraham .
Remioromen was formed in December 2000 with their current three person line up .
Gadzhi Gadzhiev -LRB- born 28 October 1945 -RRB- is a Russian football manager , currently coaching Anzhi Makhachkala .
Example Let & zeta ; be a primitive p-th root of unity and consider the following tower of number fields : where Kn is the field generated by a primitive pn-th root of unity and .
Thus , '' Pomona State University '' and '' California State University , Pomona '' are seldom used and not in the university 's graphic standard 's manual .
Vesuvius has a long historic and literary tradition .
Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Physical characteristics Herculina is one of the twenty or so largest members of the main asteroid belt .20 Largest Asteroids It has often been noted for its complex lightcurves , which made determination of its shape and rotation somewhat difficult .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics -LRB- ABS -RRB- is Australia 's national statistical agency .
The core martial art from which aikido derives is DaitÅ - ryÅ '' aiki-j Å '' jutsu , which Ueshiba studied directly with Takeda Sokaku , the reviver of that art .
In its extreme form , it '' attributes to the Jews an exceptional position among all other civilizations , defames them as an inferior group and denies their being part of the nation s '' in which they reside .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from the Peranakan culture , which is a merger of Chinese and Malay elements found in Malaysia and Singapore , and to a lesser extent Indonesia .
Lure is a commune in the Haute-Sa ône department in the region of Franche-Comt é in eastern France .
He was a Teachta DÃ la -LRB- TD -RRB- from 1938 until 1973 .
The Indian subcontinent , also Indian Subcontinent and other terms , is a region of the Asian -LRB- and , in turn , the Eurasian -RRB- continent on the Indian tectonic plate south of the Himalayas , forming a land mass which extends southward into the Indian Ocean .
collapsed on Frenchwith France
Originally a Finnish god , he was described as an old and wise man , and he possessed a potent , magical voice .
Alma 's remnants contributed to the formation of Tropical Storm Arthur in the Atlantic ; although not strictly speaking the same cyclone due to the circulation of Alma dissipating , Alma is the most recent former eastern Pacific tropical cyclone to in any sense cross into the Atlantic ; the last time that happened was in 1989 , when the remnants of Hurricane Cosme later became Tropical Storm Allison in June .
Wario was designed as another antagonist to Mario -LRB- besides Bowser -RRB- , and first appeared in the 1992 Game Boy title ' as the main antagonist and final boss .
The eruption destroyed two-thirds of the island of Krakatoa .
After escaping from slavery , into which she was born , she made thirteen missions to rescue more than 70 slaves using the network of antislavery activists and safe houses known as the Underground Railroad .
Brumby was born in Melbourne and educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and then later , Melbourne Grammar School and the University of Melbourne , where he graduated in Commerce -LRB- BCom -RRB- in 1974 , and at the State College of Victoria at Rusden , where he completed a Diploma of Education -LRB- DipEd -RRB- in 1975 .
R d u i is situated in Bukovina , northern Moldavia , on a plain between the Suceava and Sucevi a rivers , 37 km -LRB- 23 miles -RRB- north from Suceava , at 375 m -LRB- 410 yards -RRB- altitude .
The flag has a complex origin since it is an ancient design , and uses the same symbols of the late flag of the Ottoman Empire which were adopted in 1844 with the Tanzimat reforms ; though the shape , placement and shade of the color vary .
Saint-Pierre-des-Nids is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Marilyn Manson , Twiggy Ramirez and John 5 celebrated the album 's launch , on November 14 , 2000 , by taking a short break from the tour to play a brief invitation-only acoustic set , that evening , at the Saci nightclub in New York City .
Along with Matsumoto Castle and Kumamoto Castle , it is considered one of Japan 's three premier castles .
December 15 -- The Battle of Tricamarum begins , and Belisarius defeats a new Vandal force under Gelimer and Tzazo .
James Douglas '' Jim '' Morrison -LRB- December 8 , 1943 -- July 3 , 1971 -RRB- was an American singer , lyricist , poet , and amateur filmmaker .
Matthew David Cameron -LRB- born November 28 , 1962 in San Diego , California -RRB- is an American musician who serves as the drummer for the American rock bands Pearl Jam and Soundgarden .
He is , however , chiefly remembered for his operas .
Manufacture include bells , mathematical instruments , electrical goods , cotton textiles , chemicals , shoes , and other products .
Tropical Storm Delta , like most late-season storms , developed out of an extratropical low .
Abitur -LRB- from Latin abire = leave , go off -RRB- is a designation used in Germany and Finland for final exams that pupils take at the end of their secondary education , usually after 12 or 13 years of schooling -LRB- see also for Germany : Abitur after twelve years -RRB- .
Strontium -LRB- , , or -RRB- is a chemical element with the symbol Sr and the atomic number 38 .
WWE Hell in a Cell is a professional wrestling event produced annually by World Wrestling Entertainment , a Connecticutâ '' based promotion , and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- . The event was established in 2009 , replacing No Mercy in the early October slot of WWE 's pay-per-view calendar .
Rana Lakha succeeds Rana Kshetra Singh as ruler of Mewar -LRB- now part of western India -RRB- .
Manatees -LRB- family Trichechidae , genus Trichechus -RRB- are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows .
The Man in the High Castle -LRB- 1962 -RRB- occurs in an alternate universe United States ruled by the victorious Axis powers .
A few churches make no use of a liturgical calendar .
She is best known for playing Stella Malone on the Disney Channel sitcom Jonas -LRB- now titled Jonas L.A. -RRB- .
After Operation Polo , Razvi was placed under house arrest and tried under Indian laws on seditious activities and inciting communal violence .
Pakistani -- British relations are the relations between Pakistan and the United Kingdom .
He adopted Australian citizenship in 1989 and was named Australian of the Year in 1990 .
Paul Maurice Kelly -LRB- born 13 January 1955 -RRB- is an Australian rock music singer-songwriter , guitarist and harmonica player from Adelaide .
There were also territorial adjustments :
Controls and gameplay Due to streamlined controls , Crypto can shoot humans , use the jet pack , and activate Psychokinesis simultaneously .
enable-all : true min-version :0.9.11 version :2.1.8
The primary purpose of a pacemaker is to maintain an adequate heart rate , either because the heart 's native pacemaker is not fast enough , or there is a block in the heart 's electrical conduction system .
Then the story of Odysseus is told . He has spent seven years in captivity on Calypso 's island , Ogygia .
They are most often awarded with sporting events .
Young Hearts -- Complete Greatest Hits -LRB-/O2003/O-RRB-
It has been estimated that ichthyosaurs could swim at speeds up to 40 km/h -LRB- 25 mph -RRB- .
20 km north-east of Rheine and 25 km north-west of Osnabrück .
Méry-Corbon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Robert Christgau link
The Northern Isles are usually separated for political purposes , but they come under the Orkney and Shetland constituency in Westminster .
1867 & ndash ; Frank Lloyd Wright , American architect -LRB- d. 1959 -RRB-
He died at Montpelier on June 28 , the last Founding Father to die .
Take Me Along -- Book by Joseph Stein and Robert Russell , lyrics and music by Bob Merrill .
In 2000 , the Medal of Cultural Merit was attributed to Pereira da Silva for the City Council of Vila Nova de Gaia .
The Charterhouse London is closed , as part of Henry VIII 's Dissolution of the Monasteries .
Sheldon High School also hosts the Sheldon High School Summer Theatre program . Sheldon is the home of Northwest Iowa Community College and Village Northwest Unlimited .
Uranus 's atmosphere , while similar to Jupiter 's and Saturn 's in being composed primarily of hydrogen and helium , contains a higher proportion of '' ices '' such as water , ammonia and methane , along with traces of hydrocarbons .
In 2001 , Sum 41 released their major label debut All Killer No Filler , which went multi-platinum and included the hit singles '' Fat Lip '' , '' In Too Deep '' and '' Motivation '' , all of which were featured prominently on TRL and modern rock charts .
Frontenac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Education : The town has a Higher Secondary School and Three High Schools , Several Primary Schools , a Mono Technique School and number of Vocational Schools -LRB- such as Typing , Commercial , Computer etc -RRB- .
Love 's Philosophy is a poem by Percy Bysshe Shelley , written in 1820 .
The seasons run from spring to fall .
Family Fiennes was born in Salisbury , Wiltshire , England , the son of novelist Jennifer Lash and photographer Mark Fiennes .
-- -RRB-
30 2 -- -- colspan = '' 2 '' -- -- 30 2
The WWF informed cable companies that if they chose to carry Starrcade , they would not be allowed to carry future WWF events .
Family Suidae : pigs -LRB- 19 species -RRB-
The peso is subdivided into 100 centavos , represented by '' Â cents '' .
Thelemites -- and other people -- have interpreted and applied Crowley 's work in widely different ways , Wilson , R. A. with Miriam Joan Hill , Everything is Under Control : Conspiracies , cults and cover-ups , HarperPerennial 1998 .
Graduates of the University of London often use the post-nominal letters ` Lond . '
At the 2004 FIDE Championship , he reached the final , narrowly losing out to Rustam Kasimdzhanov in the tie-break games .
Justin Lee Collins , often known as JLC , -LRB- born 28 July 1974 -RRB- is a British comedian , television and radio presenter from Bristol .
Provincia di Novara -RRB- is a province in the Piedmont region of Italy .
, trademarked Sonic The Hedgehog , is a video game character and the main protagonist of the Sonic video game series released by Sega , as well as in numerous spin-off comics , cartoons , and a feature film .
The storm can be considered a historical precedent for Hurricane Vince of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
A referendum , which took place on 2006 in Las Condes , over the construction of a mall was noteworthy for being the first instance in Chilean history where electronic voting machines were used .
ISBN 1-57230-672-6 External links EMDR International Association -LRB- EMDRIA -RRB- EMDR European Association , Inc. .
LeToya Nicole Luckett -LRB- born March 11 , 1981 in Houston , Texas -RRB- , known professionally as LeToya , is an American R&B singer-songwriter and actress .
Life No other natural lake environment on Earth is as rich in oxygen and it is speculated that any organisms inhabiting the lake would have needed to evolve special adaptations to survive .
Rounders is a 1998 film about the underground world of high-stakes poker .
The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 bioregions , of which 30 are reef bioregions .
The area was already cleaning up after Hurricane Dean , which struck during late August .
__ NOTOC __
The clade is not defined in the standard taxonomic hierarchy , but it is between superfamily and family .
The Tripura-rahasya -LRB- The Secret of -LSB- the goddess -RSB- Tripura -RRB- is believed to be an abbreviated version of the original Datta Samhita or Dakshinamurti Samhita traditionally ascribed to Dattatreya .
The first ten Roman numerals are
He was the founder of the Seville school .
Nietzsche recognizes the crisis which the death of God represents for existing moral considerations , because '' When one gives up the Christian faith , one pulls the right to Christian morality out from under one 's feet .
Franconian Jura , the part of the Jura mountains in southeastern Germany
University of Fribourg , Switzerland , June 2004 .
This is an area where an increasing amount of private firms are taking business away from the trusts .
Investiture , from the Latin -LRB- preposition in and verb vestire , ` dress ' from vestis ` robe ' -RRB- is a rather general term for the formal installation of an incumbent -LRB- heir , elect of nominee -RRB- in public office , especially by taking possession of its insignia .
SoucÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is used in chemistry and biology laboratories and consists of a tee fitting which is attached to a faucet and has a hose barb at one side .
In electrical engineering and computer science , image processing is any form of signal processing for which the input is an image , such as photographs or frames of video ; the output of image processing can be either an image or a set of characteristics or parameters related to the image .
This has resulted in a widespread , ongoing extinction of other species during the present geological epoch , now known as the Holocene extinction .
Additionally , vomit and menstrual waste are sometimes disposed of in toilets in some societies .
Bessemer is a city outside of Birmingham in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States eight miles -LRB- 13 km -RRB- west of Hoover .
The letter instructs the Count to return the pin which fastens the letter .
A single named '' Guren '' was released on February 13 , 2008 , which landed a # 1 spot on the Oricon Charts .
Unlike the TEM , where electrons of the high voltage beam carry the image of the specimen , the electron beam of the Scanning Electron Microscope -LRB- SEM -RRB- does not at any time carry a complete image of the specimen .
In 1964 , Havel married proletarian Olga Å plÃ chalovÃ , much to the displeasure of his mother .
Werner Krämer -LRB- born January 23 , 1940 in Duisburg , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player , who is a household name to the West German football audience under his nickname Eia Krämer .
Cyril James Thomas -LRB- August 5 , 1926 -- January 2 , 2009 -RRB- was a professional ice hockey player who played 14 games in the National Hockey League . Born in Dowlais , Wales , he played with the Toronto Maple Leafs and Chicago Black Hawks .
The government of each province consists of three major parts : the Provinciale Staten which is the provincial parliament elected every four years .
is a district-free city in Bavaria , Germany .
While officially known as the '' U.S. Postal Service , '' despite the passage of nearly 40 years the public still colloquially refer to it as the '' Post Office '' or '' U.S. Mail ''
The Thomas Alva Edison Memorial Tower and Museum is in the town of Edison , New Jersey .
At some point in the early 700s the famous illuminated manuscript known as the Lindisfarne Gospels , an illustrated Latin copy of the Gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John , was made probably at Lindisfarne and the artist was possibly Eadfrith , who later became Bishop of Lindisfarne .
Retrieved on 15 July 2009 Having taken up the piano and violin aged five he won a scholarship at the age of 16 to the University of Birmingham where he studied English literature and music , and began playing the cor anglais .
Thurberiphaga diffusa is a North American moth in the family Noctuidae .
Simone later claimed that during this performance her parents , who had taken seats in the front row , were forced to move to the back of the hall to make way for white people .
The storm made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength , thus making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida twelve years before , in 1992 .
Sagrestia Vecchia , or Old Sacristy of S. Lorenzo , -LRB- 1421 -- 1440 -RRB-
Avicenna also '' described diabetes insipidus very precisely for the first time '' , though it was later Johann Peter Frank -LRB- 1745 â '' 1821 -RRB- who first differentiated between diabetes mellitus and diabetes insipidus .
Vallauris is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Abu-Nuwas al-Hasan ben Hani Al-Hakami -LRB- 756 â '' 814 -RRB- , a known as AbÅ '' - NuwÄ s -LRB- ; , Abu Novas -RRB- , was one of the greatest of classical Arabic poets , who also composed in Persian on occasion .
The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , completed by the end of March 1949 and published by Geoffrey Bles in London on 16 October 1950 , tells the story of four ordinary children : Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy Pevensie .
An Cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge , and they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label .
Sometimes , in towns geographically isolated -LRB- such as island towns -RRB- the entire student population attends one school grades PKâ '' 12 .
The single proved to be less popular than its B-side , a cover version of Pink Floyd 's '' Comfortably Numb '' .
As of 2008 , Double Nickels on the Dime remains Minutemen 's best-selling record .
Efficiency slows down energy demand growth so that rising clean energy supplies can make deep cuts in fossil fuel use .
It uses to create the navigation box .
The Battle of Baghdad in 1258 was a key event in world history in which the Mongols under Hulagu Khan , a grandson of Genghis Khan , destroyed Baghdad , the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate and at the time the greatest center of Muslim power .
Image : Benetice 1 .
Le Fresne-Camilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Bob White , administrator of NOAA at that time , ordered Simpson to cease use of the term and it fell into disuse .
Fogolin played his first pro season -LRB- 1974 â '' 75 -RRB- in Buffalo , but split the next season between the Sabres and the AHL Hershey Bears .
The term double star may be used synonymously with binary star , but more generally , a double star may be either a binary star or an optical double star which consists of two stars with no physical connection but which appear close together in the sky as seen from the Earth .
Potrzebie : Shirley Jackson 's '' The Lottery ''
He carried the stage name with him until his 2003 album , Unleashed , under simply Bow Wow -LRB- dropping the '' Lil '' from the name -RRB- .
concept , presented in his book The Extended Phenotype , that the phenotypic effects of a gene are not necessarily limited to an organism 's body , but can stretch far into the environment , including the bodies of other organisms .
After transferring , she graduated from Takabari Elementary School and Takabaridai Junior High .
Michael '' Mike '' Sweeney -LRB- born July 22 , 1973 in Orange , California -RRB- is a Major League baseball player , currently a member of the Seattle Mariners .
In botany , an evergreen plant is a plant that has leaves in all seasons .
The touring band features a revolving lineup that often rearranges songs to fit a live setting .
Martin JirÃ nek -LRB- born 25 May 1979 in Prague -RRB- is a Czech footballer who plays for Birmingham City as a defender .
The current club was formed only very recently out of the 1 July 1996 merger of traditional side Spielvereinigung Fürth and the senior football side of newcomer Turn - und Sportverein Vestenbergsgreuth .
Valverde is rare in combining different specialities in road bicycle racing , being a strong climber , time trialist and sprinter .
Ilsinho originally started his career as a right back , but during his time at Shakhtar Donetsk he was used as a winger , where he showed off his skill and speed .
Reduced instruction set computing , or RISC -LRB- -RRB- , is a CPU design strategy based on the insight that simplified -LRB- as opposed to complex -RRB- instructions can provide higher performance if this simplicity enables much faster execution of each instruction .
Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
ParignÃ - sur-Braye is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Dr John Milford Rutter CBE -LRB- born -RRB- is a British composer , conductor , editor , arranger and record producer , mainly of choral music .
Noemí Rial , Argentine Secretary of Labor
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya -LRB- Arabic : al-Ib iyyah -RRB- is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
Due to his health problems , Jordan did not work at full force on the final installment A Memory of Light -LRB- later split into three volumes beginning with The Gathering Storm -RRB- , but blog entries confirmed that he continued work on it until his death , and he shared all of the significant plot details with his family not long before he died .
Courfaivre is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
However in April 1902 he only came fourth out of six in the National Championship , losing both his games against Corzo .
Analogous to real logs used in a log cabin , Lincoln Logs have notches in their ends so that small model log buildings can be built .
In all , White has appeared on over fifty albums with artists including John Lennon , George Harrison , Joe Cocker , Ginger Baker , and The Ventures .
A garden gnome or lawn gnome is a figurine of a small humanoid creature , usually wearing a pointy hat , produced for the purpose of ornamentation , typically of gardens or on lawns .
The hydrous form may be formed by the reaction of chromium -LRB- III -RRB- oxide and sulfuric acid .
Meteorological history An upper-level low pressure system moved southeastward from the central Great Plains into the Deep South of the United States .
The Old English minster was a collegiate church servicing a south Thames area .
He previously served as President from 1986 to 1990 and received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for his efforts to end civil wars then raging in several other Central American countries .
Early life Hartnell was born in St Pancras , London , England , the only child of Lucy Hartnell , an unmarried mother .
Since February 2001 , '' Kelly Ripa signs 5-year Live contract '' , an Associated Press article from June 2004 via USA Today she has served as the co-host of Live with Regis and Kelly , along with Regis Philbin .
Adult bulls express a high degree of dominance competitiveness during mating season .
He and several other characters -LRB- Katara 's Waterbending master Pakku , Aang 's first Firebending instructor Jeong Jeong , Aang 's Earthbender friend King Bumi , and Sokka 's swordmaster Piandao -RRB- are part of an otherwise non-aligned group known as the '' Order of the White Lotus '' , which plans to liberate the Earth Kingdom capital , Ba Sing Se , from Fire Nation rule .
As noted above , power output is a principal determinant of jump distance , but physiological constraints limit muscle power to approximately 375 Watts per kilogram of muscle .
Rice and lentils are also cooked together in khichdi , a popular Indian dish ; a similar dish , kushari , is made in Egypt and considered one of two national dishes .
Saint-Andr Ã - de-la-Roche is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Slavic languages -LRB- also called Slavonic languages -RRB- , a group of closely related languages of the Slavic peoples and a subgroup of Indo-European languages , have speakers in most of Eastern Europe , in much of the Balkans , in parts of Central Europe , and in the northern part of Asia .
The partnership took its first win at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix .
Bois-lès-Pargny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Farley is home to a 1\/2 mile dirt race track , the Farley Speedway .
Sir Alexander Fleming -LRB- 6 August 1881 â '' 11 March 1955 -RRB- was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist .
The Federal Social Court -LRB- Bundessozialgericht -RRB- is the German federal court of appeals for social security cases , mainly cases concerning the public health insurance , long-term care insurance , pension insurance and occupational accident insurance schemes .
The southern reaches of Camden form part of Central London .
Créteil is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Korba is a city and a municipal corporation in Korba District in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh .
Their semi-major axes -LRB- distances from Jupiter -RRB- range between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , their orbital inclinations between 145.7 Â and 154.8 Â , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
Paul Watzlawick -LRB- July 25 1921 - March 31 2007 -RRB- was an Austrian-American psychologist and philosopher .
He has also attempted to play football and soccer .
-RRB-
Des Arc is served by the Des Arc School District .
The exact origins of the Games are shrouded in myth and legend but records indicate that they began in 776 BC in Olympia in Greece .
As stars of at least 0.4 solar masses exhaust their supply of hydrogen at their core , their outer layers expand greatly and cool to form a red giant .
The Venus of Willendorf , also known as the Woman of Willendorf , is an 11 c high statuette of a female figure estimated to have been made between 24,000 and 22,000 BCE .
Mouthpiece -LRB- woodwind -RRB- , a component of a woodwind instrument .
State-sponsored school segregation was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1954 in Brown v. Board of Education .
A vast undertaking , de Soto 's North American expedition ranged throughout the southeastern United States searching for gold and a passage to China .
Seeing Figaro and Marcellina in celebration , Susanna mistakenly believes that Figaro is happily reconciled to marriage with Marcellina .
Stielers Handatlas -LRB- Germany , 1817 -- 1944 -RRB-
Good Eats is a Peabody Award-winning television cooking show created and hosted by Alton Brown that airs in North America on Food Network .
MeshName = Tongue
It is now thought unlikely that Dürer cut any of the woodblocks himself ; this task would have been left for a specialist craftsman .
It is situated in the northeast of Berlin .
Andrea del Verrocchio -LRB- c. 1435 -- 1488 -RRB- , born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de ' Cioni , was an Italian sculptor , goldsmith and painter who worked at the court of Lorenzo de ' Medici in Florence .
The modern forms appeared at much the same time , evolving in the estuaries and coastal waters of Africa , but crossing the Atlantic to reach South America as well .
Presently voting is done through MTV 's official website through a special Movie Awards link at movieawards.mtv.com .
Tannières is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia -LRB- , -RRB- , is a country in Central Europe touching the Alps and bordering the Mediterranean .
As part of the BBC 's discussions with the government regarding the founding of the channel , a longer news program had been promised to provide a daily section of news and current affairs .
Canned food
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
It is the third letter in Thaana -LRB- -RRB- , pronounced as '' noonu '' .
Darmstadtium -LRB- -RRB- , formerly known as ununnilium , is a chemical element with the symbol Ds and atomic number 110 .
1865 & ndash ; Restoration Day in the Dominican Republic : The Dominican Republic regains its independence after 4 years of fighting against the Spanish Annexation .
A Philosopher Lecturing on the Orrery , or the full title , A Philosopher giving a Lecture on the Orrery in which a lamp is put in place of the Sun , is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby depicting a lecturer giving a demonstration of an orrery to a small audience .
In this scheme , the volume manager will copy the LE to a copy-on-write table just before it is written to .
He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army .
Vicky Bullett , Olympic gold medalist in women 's basketball
Karlheinz Helmut Förster -LRB- born 25 July 1958 in Mosbach -RRB- is a former German footballer , who played as a central defender .
He was a United States Senator from Delaware from January 3 , 1973 until his resignation on January 15 , 2009 , following his election to the Vice Presidency .
The city of Brighton & Hove was created a unitary authority in 1997 ; and was granted City status in 2000 .
The revised 1981 constitution was less authoritarian than its 1972 predecessor , the Yushin Constitution , but still granted very broad powers to the president .
The University of Toledo is a public university in Toledo , Ohio , United States .
Most Haunted featured a main presenter , a historian , a psychic medium and a parapsychologist .
It is more usually employed with other ingredients added to enhance its incendiary effects . Thermate-TH3 is a mixture of thermite and pyrotechnic additives which have been found to be superior to standard thermite for incendiary purposes .
StarCraft II is a trilogy of military science fiction real-time strategy video games currently under development by Blizzard Entertainment as a sequel to the award-winning video game StarCraft .
Boards of Canada 's music is reminiscent of the warm , analog sounds of 1970s media and contains themes of childhood , nostalgia and the natural world .
Harald Konopka -LRB- born November 18 , 1952 in Düren , West Germany -RRB- is a former German football player .
A paraphilia is a condition involving sex fetishes where a person 's sexual arousal and gratification depend on fantasizing about , and engaging in , sexual behavior that is atypical and extreme .
Tokugawa Yoshimune was born in 1684 in the rich region of Kii , a region which was then ruled by his father , Tokugawa Mitsusada . Yoshimune 's childhood name was Tokugawa Genroku .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
So lightly was the acquisition esteemed in England and so unsuccessful was the administration of the crown officers , that in 1668 Bombay was transferred to the East India Company for an annual payment of Â # 10 .
904 & ndash ; Sergius III comes out of retirement to take over the papacy from the deposed antipope Christopher .
He wrote a whole tractate about the Jews that could be summarized in a few sentences : '' Jews ... are the breed , except a few , without any morality and without any homeland , the breed of which every unit strives to its personal gain , or to its relatives ' gain .
Commercial cork is derived from the bark of the cork oak -LRB- Quercus suber -RRB- .
It is part of the British overseas territory of which also includes Saint Helena to its north , and equatorial Ascension Island even farther removed , grouping the British South Atlantic islands into one far-flung centrally administered aggregate .
Al-Karaji also provided a mathematical proof of both the binomial theorem and Pascal 's triangle , using mathematical induction .
Particularly for the settlement and conquest period that followed the early raids , the internal strife in Scandinavia resulted in the progressive centralisation of power into fewer hands .
James William Reiher -LRB- born May 18 , 1943 -RRB- is a semi-retired Fijian professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring name Jimmy '' Superfly '' Snuka .
Retrieved September 21 2007 Graham , Billy '' The Religious Affiliation of Billy Graham '' , -LRB- undated -RRB- .
Étude , a short musical composition meaning '' study '' in French
The current incarnation was created in 1993 through the efforts of the first commissioner Miles Wolff .
Schools Leonese language lessons started in 2008 with two schools , and are currently taught in sixteen schools in León city in 2008-2009 , promoted by the Leonese Local Government 's Department for Education .
This is because the executive branch is dependent upon the direct or indirect support of the legislative branch and often includes members of the legislature .
The station is broadcast from a dedicated building shared with Radio 1 , Yalding House in central London , part of the BBC 's sprawling Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
By International Astronomical Union convention , the term '' Terra '' is used for naming extensive land masses , rather than for the planet Earth .
The total area is 47.10 km , giving a population density of 255 inhabitants per km .
The states of New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland and Western Australia use the term '' Shire '' for this unit .
The current version is 3.0 , published on 06 February , 2010 .
BBC 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
Billy Joel , in addition to voicing Dodger , fittingly performed the character 's song in the film .
It has been databased by the Smith Herbarium Project at the National Museums Liverpool .
The list was the same as the 2002 list except for Ike and Laura , which replaced Isidore and Lili , respectively .
When the church was rebuilt , the tomb was covered over , and is now under the pavement of the church . The burial plaque , however , remains .
In 1997 , Corey Taylor joined the band to share the lead vocalist position .
One of the characteristics of Cuban dance to the son , and other similar rhythms , was , and still is , their method of taking three steps to four beats of music -LRB- whether 2\/4 or 4\/4 -RRB- .
Mario has rescued Princess Peach multiple times since Super Mario Bros. .
Abbotsford is a city in Clark and Marathon counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
The school 's 19 varsity men 's and women 's sports teams are called the Friars , after the Dominican Catholic order that runs the school .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA -LRB- born 30 September 1951 -RRB- is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
After that , they started a company to build airplane and had a '' patent war '' with Glenn Curtiss over who could make money over the invention of the airplane .
Let a piece of glass and a piece of resin , neither of which exhibits any electrical properties , be rubbed together and left with the rubbed surfaces in contact .
White Oleander is a 1999 novel by American author Janet Fitch .
Eisenstein was a pioneer in the use of montage , a specific use of film editing .
Whedon , Firefly : the complete series : '' Train Job '' commentary , track 10 He tends to act like a '' lummox '' who thinks he is the smartest person in space , but occasional hints of intelligence peek through this façade , giving the impression that he acts dumber than he is .
Waves along the southern coast of Nantucket reached 10 feet -LRB- 3 m -RRB- in height as the storm approached the island , resulting in four people being rescued by lifeguards from rip currents .
The highest mountain in Romania is Moldoveanu Peak -LRB- -RRB- .
Pingwings , Pogles ' Wood , Noggin the Nog , Ivor the Engine , Clangers and Bagpuss , were all made by Smallfilms , the company he set up with Peter Firmin , and were shown on the BBC between the 1950s and the 1980s , and on ITV from 1959 to the present day .
In 1368 the village of Gerresheim located around the religious house was made a city with city rights by the Count of Berg .
Political correctness -LRB- adjectivally , politically correct ; both forms commonly abbreviated to PC -RRB- is a term which denotes language , ideas , policies , and behavior seen as seeking to minimize social and institutional offense in occupational , gender , racial , cultural , sexual orientation , disability , and age-related contexts .
Conversion vans came into style during the 1970s and 1980s .
Lobamba is famous for two ceremonies : the Reed Dance , celebrated in August and September in honor of the Queen Mother , and the Incwala , in December and January in honor of the King .
Agriculture includes forests and mountain pasturage in summer , particularly of sheep and goats .
Thus a turnstile can be used in the case of paid access -LRB- sometimes called a faregate when used for this purpose -RRB- , for example public transport as a ticket barrier or a pay toilet , or to restrict access to authorized people , for example in the lobby of an office building .
While B major is workable on keyboard instruments and guitar , the key of C-flat major is preferred for works written on the harp , as it is that instrument 's home key .
In 1962 Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Robert Nesta '' Bob '' Marley -LRB- 6 February 1945 -- 11 May 1981 -RRB- was a Jamaican singer-songwriter and musician .
Bognor Regis Town Football Club is an English football club based in Bognor Regis , West Sussex .
Treatment Medication Approved drugs The Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- has approved the first drug treatment for the disease : Riluzole -LRB- Rilutek -RRB- .
The form of government used in Australia is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government .
According to the police , every building smaller than three stories high has been completely flooded , with buildings bigger than three stories high being flooded partially , one of the buildings being the city hall , where the water also reached as high as the third floor .
It received an Oscar nomination for its costume design .
The others pairs are owned by private collectors Philip Samuels and David Elkouby .
McKay 's website contains a reference to her age in relation to that of Doris Day 's as '' separated by 60 years and 10 days , '' putting her birth year at 1982 .
Louder Than Live is a home video by the American grunge band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles , California on December 7 , 1989 and December 10 , 1989 .
In 2008 , she starred in the comedy film Baby Mama , alongside former SNL co-star Amy Poehler .
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Stromboli is a large , sinister , bearded puppet maker who forces Pinocchio to perform onstage in order to make money .
Saint-Ellier-du-Maine is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
He was replaced as bassist for one tour by Joseph Trohman -LRB- also a guitarist in Fall Out Boy , now a guitarist in The Damned Things -RRB- .
Despite this , sung Passion performances were common in Lutheran churches right from the start , in both Latin and German , beginning as early as Laetare Sunday -LRB- three weeks before Easter -RRB- and continuing through Holy Week .
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
The existing asphalt was entirely replaced , resulting in a much smoother track surface .
The highest temperature recorded in the State was 49.9 ° C -LRB- 121.8 ° F -RRB- at Gonda on May 8 , 1958 .
After a show in Baton Rouge , he was assaulted and his saxophone was destroyed .
La Tranclière is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In 1834 , his autobiography titled A Narrative of the Life of David Crockett .
Fey 's projects after 2008 include her lending her voice to the character Lisa in the English language version of the Japanese animated film Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea -LRB- titled Ponyo for its U.S. release -RRB- .
According to club chronicles the first game was a victory on 17 June 1898 against FC Viktoria .
Chitral keeps a military base in Arandu to guard against an attack by Afghanistan .
Sir James Chadwick CH FRS -LRB- 20 October 1891 & ndash ; 24 July 1974 -RRB- was an English Nobel laureate in physics awarded for his discovery of the neutron .
Also known as the Chinese gooseberry , the fruit was renamed for export marketing reasons in the 1950s ; briefly to melonette , and then later by New Zealand exporters to kiwifruit .
Geography The town is located north of the Harz mountains approximatively 123 meters above sea level .
Dates from 1662 .
The Intercontinental Champion , Rob Van Dam , defeated the European Champion , Jeff Hardy , and the Hardcore Champion , Tommy Dreamer .
Henri RenÃ Albert Guy de Maupassant -LRB- 5 August 1850 â '' 6 July 1893 -RRB- was a popular 19th-century French writer , considered one of the fathers of the modern short story and one of the form 's finest exponents .
Gerard Piqué Bernabeu -LRB- ; born 2 February 1987 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer , currently playing as a center back for Barcelona .
Of all Italy 's ships at the time , Andrea Doria was the largest , fastest and supposedly safest .
At very large reverse bias , beyond the peak inverse voltage or PIV , a process called reverse breakdown occurs which causes a large increase in current -LRB- i.e. a large number of electrons and holes are created at , and move away from the pn junction -RRB- that usually damages the device permanently .
The Chinese-built Tiguan uses 1.8 TSI -LRB- 118 kW -RRB- and 2.0 TSI -LRB- 147 kW -RRB- , and has a revised front facia .
Agriculture is the production , processing , marketing , and use of foods , fibers and byproducts from plant crops and animals .
They include the largest animal that has ever lived , the Blue Whale , which can reach 150 t , and two others that easily pass 50 t ; even the smallest of the group , the Northern Minke Whale , reaches 9 t.
Today , Truva is a small Turkish city supporting the tourist trade visiting the Troia archaeological site .
He was taken to the Washington College Hospital , where he died on Sunday , October 7 , 1849 , at 5:00 in the morning .
Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia -LRB- , -RRB- , is a country in Central Europe touching the Alps and bordering the Mediterranean .
The fantasy world , which is a reflection on their lives , comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings .
In Detroit , failure to disburse Community Development Block Grants resulted in a situation where people slept in plastic chairs or '' in cold hallways '' .
A sequel , Super Mario Galaxy 2 , was announced at E3 2009 , and was first released in May 2010 .
Bells were rung to mark the reading of the Declaration of Independence on July 8 , 1776 , and while there is no contemporary account of the Liberty Bell ringing , most historians believe it was one of the bells rung .
On January 1 , 2006 Ciney had a total population of 14,958 .
Andrzej '' Andrew '' Viktor Schally -LRB- born November 30 , 1926 -RRB- is a Polish-born American endocrinologist and Nobel Prize laureate -LRB- 1977 -RRB- in medicine , sharing the prize that year with Roger Guillemin and Rosalyn Sussman Yalow .
He spent much of his childhood in the polygamous household of his grandfather Orson Smith .
From 1979 to 1987 he was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , and from 1982 to 1986 he was principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra .
BartÃ k 's last work might well have been the String Quartet No. 6 but for Serge Koussevitsky 's commission for the Concerto for Orchestra .
If Only You Were Lonely is the second album from band Hawthorne Heights .
Its boundary to the large thorny steppe to the north is ill-defined .
In addition to the official Ubuntu repositories , Super OS also includes its own repositories , which include third-party software like Adobe Reader , Skype , Real Player , TrueCrypt , and Google Chrome , but also include tools\/software developed by hacktolive , like App Runner , and RUNZ .
Clegg is the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Sheffield Hallam and the leader of the Liberal Democrats .
The reason given for $ 1 's block is : '' $ 2 '' .
East Central University & ndash ; Ada , Oklahoma
1812 & ndash ; War of 1812 : American General William Hull surrenders Fort Detroit without a fight to the British Army .
It has transmitted coverage of Major League Baseball 's World Series since 2004 .
Residents of towns on the Eyre Highway -LRB- including Eucla , Caiguna , Madura , Mundrabilla and Border Village -RRB- in the south-east corner of Western Australia near the South Australian border do not follow official Western Australian time .
Worldwide production in 1998 was approximately 45 million tonnes .
The following year , New Norfolk County was split into Upper Norfolk County -LRB- soon renamed Nansemond County -RRB- and Lower Norfolk County .
It noted that transient -LRB- time-dependent -RRB- simulations , which had been very preliminary in the FAR , were now improved , but did not include aerosol or ozone changes .
Windsor is linked to the town of Eton -LRB- which is situated on the opposite bank of the River Thames -RRB- by Windsor Bridge .
Brawl , was released on Wii on January 31 , 2008 in Japan , March 9 , 2008 in North America , and was released in Europe on June 27 , 2008 .
The bulk of the asteroids discovered by Wolf around this date were named for characters in operas , but if this name was also drawn from such a source , no explanation has been recorded .
Macginitiea -LRB- Wolfe & Wehr -RRB-
It is located in the district Oberfranken and forms the geological connection between the Fichtelgebirge and the Thuringian Forest .
Christopher Adam '' Chris '' Daughtry -LRB- born December 26 , 1979 -RRB- is an American musician best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for the rock band Daughtry and as the fourth-place finalist on the fifth season of American Idol , from which he was eliminated on May 10 , 2006 .
Although describing itself as '' America First '' , the show has also hosted foreign guests , including Croatian white nationalist Tomislav SuniÄ , Australian white nationalist Drew Fraser , Russian Austrian School economist Yuri Maltsev , British lawyer Adrian Davies , Canadian conservative blogger Kathy Shaidle , and British National Party -LRB- BNP -RRB- leaders Simon Darby and Nick Griffin ; Griffin appeared as a guest before and after his election to the European Parliament .
The custodians of the body at Ravenna refused to comply , at one point going so far as to conceal the bones in a false wall of the monastery .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
As of 2005 , Scranton libraries serve a population of more than 120,000 people and have a circulation of over 624,000 .
The complementary color of lavender is olive .
On his father Harald Bluetooth 's death in late 986 or early 987 , he became King of Denmark ; in 1000 , with allegiance of the Trondejarl , Erik of Lade , he was ruler over most of Norway .
At its peak intensity , the eye of Wilma was about in diameter , the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane .
An open proxy is a forward proxy server that is accessible by any Internet user .
A jet aircraft is an aircraft propelled by jet engines .
Here he began studying viruses again , in particular the myxoma virus .
The Province of Lodi is a province in the Lombardy region of Italy .
The title of laboratory is also used for certain other facilities where the processes or equipment used are similar to those in scientific laboratories .
The Institute of Welsh Affairs -LRB- also known by the acronym IWA -RRB- is an independent , membership-based think-tank based in the capital of Wales , Cardiff , owing no allegiance to any political or economic interest group .
The oldest known iconographic representation of an instrument displaying the essential features of a guitar is a 3,300 year old stone carving of a Hittite bard .
Hurricane Elena was a category 3 major hurricane that produced heavy damage along the Gulf Coast of the United States in August and September of the 1985 Atlantic hurricane season .
A bridle is a piece of equipment used to direct a horse .
Sarsostraca
Puget is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Baneins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In its strictest sense , petroleum includes only crude oil , but in common usage it includes both crude oil and natural gas .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship -LRB- administered by the United States -RRB- in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
The agriculture and the commerce with Haiti represent the main economic activities of this Municipality .
The statement issued by the FIA states that Renault F1 was found to have information '' including , but not limited to the layout and critical dimensions of the McLaren F1 car , together with details of the McLaren fuelling system , gear assembly , oil cooling system , hydraulic control system and a novel suspension component used by the 2006 and 2007 McLaren F1 cars '' .
He is the son of gospel singer Willie Norwood and Sonja Bates-Norwood , the younger brother of R&B singer Brandy and first cousin of Snoop Dogg .
WGAL-TV began operations on March 18 , 1949 on channel 4 as the fourth television station in Pennsylvania and the first outside Philadelphia beating WDTV -LRB- now KDKA-TV -RRB- in Pittsburgh which began operations in November of that year .
In the Final Tribal Council , Tom was commended for his dominance in challenges and leadership skills ; but was berated for being overbearing and a sexist .
John 3:16 -LRB- chapter 3 , verse 16 of the Gospel of John -RRB- is one of the most widely quoted verses from the Christian Bible , and has been called the most famous Bible verse .
It is Australia 's largest airline , the third oldest in the world .
Iron -LRB- III -RRB- chloride , also called ferric chloride , is an industrial scale commodity chemical compound , with the formula FeCl3 .
Vytautas the Great , claimant to the throne of Lithuania , forms an alliance with Muscovy .
Biological warfare has been practiced repeatedly throughout history .
A member of the Conservative Party , he is currently the Minister of State for Universities and Science , and a Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- representing the constituency of Havant in Hampshire .
True dogs - Tribe Canini
However , the de facto has always been to run IRC on 6667\/TCP and nearby port numbers -LRB- for example TCP ports 6662-6669 -RRB- to avoid having to run the IRCd software with root privileges .
September 2 & ndash ; Parliament orders the theaters of London closed , effectively ending the era of English Renaissance theater .
A vampire from another coven sees Renesmee and mistakes her for an '' immortal child '' .
Other county officials -LRB- such as the county surveyor and the election commissioners -RRB- are appointed ; in smaller counties , these officials may be shared by multiple counties .
Eisenstein and his entourage spent considerable time with Charlie Chaplin , who recommended that Eisenstein meet with a sympathetic benefactor in the person of American socialist author Upton Sinclair .
Picasa is an image organizer and image viewer for organizing and editing digital photos , plus an integrated photo-sharing website , originally created by Idealab and owned by Google since 2004 .
The Oddworld games have received more than 100 industry awards .
Lucien Laurent -LRB- 10 December 1907 -- 11 April 2005 -RRB- was a French association football player .
As part of the Treaty of Versailles -LRB- 1757 -RRB- between Austria and France it was intended that Phillip would become King of the Southern Netherlands , in a deal that would see French troops occupy key positions in the country â '' however this arrangement was repudiated by the subsequent Third Treaty of Versailles and Phillip continued in Parma .
1966 & ndash ; Race riots occur in Lansing , Michigan .
He grew up on farms near Farmersville and Greenville , Texas , and near Celeste , Texas .
Martha Washington Jefferson Randolph -LRB- \* September 27 , 1772 & ndash ; October 10 , 1836 -RRB- was the daughter of Thomas Jefferson , the third President of the United States , and his wife Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson .
Interstate 75 -LRB- I-75 -RRB- is a major north -- south Interstate Highway in the Great Lakes and Southeastern regions of the United States .
Aarre Merikanto -LRB- 29 June 1893 , Helsinki - 29 September 1958 -RRB- was a Finnish composer .
Throughout the 1830s he was regarded as the most notorious bushranger in the colony .
See also Argumentation theory Argument map Critical thinking Inference objection Inquiry Lemma Sophism References Further reading External links Logical fallacies A list of logical fallacies , explained .
The Asiatic Lion -LRB- Panthera leo persica -RRB- or the Indian Lion is a subspecies of the lion which survives today only in the Gir Forest of Gujarat , India where it is also sometimes known as the Persian lion .
The current incumbent , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , is the See 's equivalent of a prime minister .
Kunri
A turnstile , also called a baffle gate , is a form of gate which allows one person to pass at a time .
Record shared with Alberto Ascari -LRB- 1952 Belgian GPâ '' 1953 Argentine GP -RRB- .
The term was introduced by John Lubbock in his work Pre-historic Times , published in 1865 .
The most crowded part of Trawangan lies on the eastern side .
From 2005 to 2009 , Lawless has had a recurring role in the television series Battlestar Galactica .
Harmonic frequencies are equally spaced by the width of the fundamental frequency and can be found by repeatedly adding that frequency .
The fastest growing type of alternative energyOn site renewable energy options from ICAX Ltd. .
M. tuberculosis , then known as the tubercle bacillus , was first described on 24 March 1882 by Robert Koch , who subsequently received the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for this discovery in 1905 ; the bacterium is also known as Koch 's bacillus .
Regarded as a preeminent and very proficient left winger , he is strongly reputed to have been one of the finest European players of his generation .
The bill was signed by Governor John C. Fremont on February 25 , 1881 .
Pioneer 11 -LRB- also called Pioneer G -RRB- was the second mission of the Pioneer program -LRB- after its sister probe Pioneer 10 -RRB- to investigate Jupiter and the outer solar system , and the first to explore Saturn and its main rings .
Tupper , who had been Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom , had been recalled by the plotters to replace Bowell .
He is also widely known for being the first world chess champion to lose a match to a computer under standard time controls , when he lost to Deep Blue in 1997 .
Bennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career , first as a winsome blonde ingenue , then as a sensuous brunette femme fatale and , finally , as a warmhearted wife/mother figure .
In 1993 he had a trial for Vauxhall Motors F.C. , and was about to sign a deal with them until a disagreement with the manager , Alex Tannin , over regulation bootlaces .
It is a trans-Neptunian object -LRB- TNO -RRB- native to a region of space beyond the Kuiper belt known as the scattered disc .
Many lice attach their eggs to their host 's hair with specialized saliva ; the saliva\/hair bond is very difficult to sever without specialized products .
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .
Education There are eighteen universities in Santo Domingo , the highest number of any city in the Dominican Republic .
Alongside the internal Security Service -LRB- MI5 -RRB- , the Government Communications Headquarters -LRB- GCHQ -RRB- and the Defense Intelligence Staff -LRB- DIS -RRB- , it operates under the formal direction of the Joint Intelligence Committee -LRB- JIC -RRB- .
Hegemony -LRB- , English : UK , US : ; '' leadership '' or '' hegemon '' for '' leader '' -RRB- Clive Upton , Wiliam A. Kretzschmar , Rafal Konopka : Oxford Dictionary of Pronunciation for Current English .
Arguments for the existence of God typically include metaphysical , empirical , inductive , and subjective types , while others revolve around perceived holes in evolutionary theory and order and complexity in the world .
, it would seem Shinji 's feelings for Asuka run deeper than has been yet revealed .
A cheesesteak , also known as a Philadelphia cheesesteak , Philly cheesesteak , or steak and cheese , is a sandwich made from thinly sliced pieces of steak and melted cheese in a long roll .
On 25 August 1822 , Herschel died at Observatory House , Windsor Road , Slough , and is buried at nearby St Laurence 's Church , Upton .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1985/1986 season was contested by 18 teams .
After its initial theatrical run , it was re-released to theaters four more times : January 1969 , June 1979 , December 1985 , and July 1991 .
Once distributed across eastern and southern Asia and Africa , from Siberia to South Africa , the leopard 's range of distribution has decreased radically because of hunting and loss of habitat .
Although most practitioners are philosophers , several prominent scientists have contributed to the field and still do .
The Silk Road gets its name from the lucrative Chinese silk trade , a major reason for the connection of trade routes into an extensive trans-continental network .
LÃ 1\/4 Bu , Dong 's foster son , left the room for the stable to select a better horse for Cao , who complained about his slow ride .
Height : 5 '11 Weight : 170 lbs
Saint-Christophe-des-Bardes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
During this second venture , Scott led a party of five which reached the South Pole on 17 January 1912 , only to find that they had been preceded by Roald Amundsen 's Norwegian expedition .
Louis 's championship reign lasted 140 consecutive months , during which he participated in 27 championship fights , including 25 successful title defenses & ndash ; all records for the heavyweight division .
The first was Oxford Shakespearean scholar A. C. Bradley 's 1911 essay , '' generally regarded as the starting-point for the serious academic approach to Jane Austen '' .
The wheel may also be used during the process of trimming excess body from dried wares and for applying incised decoration or rings of color .
This led to decolonisation , and a withdrawal from almost all of its colonies by 1970 .
In 1955 , Mailer , together with John Wilcock , Ed Fancher and Dan Wolf , first published The Village Voice , which began as an arts and politics oriented weekly newspaper distributed in Greenwich Village .
Singles match 22:33 6 Stacy Keibler and Torrie Wilson fought the Miller Lite Catfight Girls -LRB- Kitana Baker and Tanya Ballinger -RRB- to a no contest .
Rommel was fairly perturbed at this development , telling Hans Speidel that Hitler 's behavior after the attack proved that the dictator had '' gone completely mad . ''
The parasympathetic nervous system -LRB- PSNS -RRB- is one of the three main divisions of the autonomic nervous system -LRB- ANS -RRB- .
This means that if a lot of processing is done , the single item will be accessed more than once , thus leading to temporal locality of reference .
Rubenstein , Irwin , and Susan M. Wick .
This is opposed to intrusive rock formation , in which magma does not reach the surface .
The two primary charts â '' the Hot 100 -LRB- top 100 singles -RRB- and the Billboard 200 -LRB- top 200 albums -RRB- â '' factor in airplay , as well as music sales in all relevant formats .
Star Trek publisher Pocket Books published the work as a trade paperback -LRB- ISBN 0-671-03578-9 -RRB- in 2000 .
France spends 2.6 % of its GDP on defence , slightly more than the United Kingdom -LRB- 2.4 % -RRB- and the highest in the European Union where defence spending generally accounts to less than 1.5 % of GDP .
Although brown M&M s have been around since the beginning of the candy , no brown M&M '' spokescandy '' was included .
The Piccadilly line is a line of the London Underground , colored dark blue on the Tube map .
Fourcès is a commune in south-western France , more precisely in Gascony , in the Gers department , which is a part of the region of Midi-Pyr énées .
Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Golf is a precision club-and-ball sport , in which competing players -LRB- golfers -RRB- , using many types of clubs , attempt to hit balls into each hole on a golf course while employing the fewest number of strokes . Golf is one of the few ball games that does not require a standardized playing area .
In August 1945 , after Japan turned down the Potsdam Declaration Truman authorized use of atomic weapons against Japan .
Vignonet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He is the subject and hero of Jacques Offenbach 's famous but fictional opera The Tales of Hoffmann .
Vascular tissue is a complex conducting tissue , formed of more than one cell type , found in vascular plants .
The highest total was at Paso de San Antonio , to the east of the point of landfall .
Examples of non-Euclidean geometries include the hyperbolic and elliptic geometry , which are contrasted with a Euclidean geometry .
The term beekeeper usually refers to a person who keeps honey bees in hives , boxes , or other receptacles . Honey bees are not domesticated and the beekeeper does not control the creatures .
Boa Kwon -LRB- , Kwon Boa , born November 5 , 1986 -RRB- , commonly stylized and known by her stage name BoA , which is a backronym for Beat of Angel , is a Korean singer , active in South Korea , Japan , and the United States .
Nanogram -LRB- ng -RRB-
Mrs. Beeton gave birth to two other sons , Orchart -LRB- on New Year 's Eve in 1863 -RRB- and Mayson Moss -LRB- in January 1865 -RRB- .
Originally a radio comedy broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1978 , it was later adapted to other formats , and over several years it gradually became an international multi-media phenomenon .
What causes RAID 5 to be slightly slower than RAID 10 on sustained reads is the fact that RAID 5 has parity data interleaved within normal data . For every read pass in RAID 5 , there is a probability that a read head may need to traverse a region of parity data .
4 -RRB- Maltose and cellobiose are hydrolysis products of the polysaccharides , starch and cellulose , respectively .
Northern Elephant Seal , Mirounga angustirostris
While no globally significant computer failures occurred when the clocks rolled over into 2000 , preparation for the Y2K problem had a significant effect on the computer industry .
Of these settlements above , South Yorkshire has three main urban areas : the Dearne Valley which covers Barnsley and surrounding area ; the Sheffield urban area which covers Sheffield , Rotherham and surrounding area ; and the Doncaster urban area which covers Doncaster and surrounding area .
Its county seat is Dothan .
In 1954 , Rechenberg also became world champion in the field of model aeroplanes .
Laon Cathedral -LRB- Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Laon -RRB- is one of the most important examples of the Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries , earlier than the cathedrals of Sens and Notre Dame of Paris and ranking with them in importance .
The double-slit experiment has been of great interest to philosophers , because the quantum mechanical behavior that it reveals has forced them to reevaluate their ideas about classical concepts such as '' particles '' , '' waves '' , '' location '' , and '' movement from one place to another '' .
Ashoka the Great was the Governor of this area when he was a prince .
Scottsdale Community College , Scottsdale
It was released in the United States and Canada on August 7 , 1987 by Cineplex Odeon Films , and is loosely based on Lewis Carroll 's Alice stories , with some influence from L. Frank Baum 's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz .
Its habitat ranges from rainforest to desert terrains .
When German reunification occurred in 1990 , the country as a whole became a member of NATO .
Ireland : The Diocese of Connor is erected .
Scoring is by fifteens and tens , as in tennis , in this manner : 15 - 30 - 40 - 50 or victory of a game but early was 15 - 30 - 45 - 60 ; the team which wins 12 games is final winner of the match .
He also studied at the University of Santo Tomas in Philosophy and Letters .
The animals have a head , mouth and digestive system as well as a lorica .
The units were initially announced as coming in two separate batches .
The spectrum of Kalliope is an M-type , indicating that its surface may be partially composed of iron -- nickel metal .
Since 2001 , the honorary title of '' President pro tempore emeritus '' has been given to a member of the minority party in the United States Senate who had previously served as President pro tempore .
Atlanta , Georgia , United States
He was the second of four children .
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube is a Brazilian soccer team , from the city of Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais , founded on January 2 , 1921 .
The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process , beginning with amino acid synthesis and transcription of nuclear DNA into messenger RNA which is then used as input to translation .
An official Live 8 DVD set was released on 7 November 2005 internationally , 8 November 2005 in the United States .
It is classified as a Trojan asteroid , sharing an orbit with Jupiter .
After the liberation of France in 1944 , the SFIO re-emerged in a coalition with a powerful Communist Party -LRB- PCF -RRB- , which became the largest left-wing party , and the Christian Democratic Popular Republican Movement -LRB- MRP -RRB- .
A CAS Number has no inherent meaning but is assigned in sequential , increasing order when the substance is identified by CAS scientists for inclusion in the CAS REGISTRY database .
Iraj was born in October 1874 in Tabriz , the capital city of East Azarbaijan province in Iran .
The cars were Sprint Cup Series and Camping World West Series cars and the field was by invitation for the two races , run after the 1996 and 1997 seasons .
Metal fatigue has been a major cause of aircraft failure , such as the De Havilland Comet , especially before the process was well understood .
Eucharist , Communion , Lord 's Supper
1971 & ndash ; Bangladesh Liberation War : Beginning of Operation Searchlight by the Pakistani Armed Forces against East Pakistani civilians .
They need clean small brooks in their habitat for the development of the larvae .
A roof is the covering on the uppermost part of a building .
He has also written an opera for young people called Bang !
In the Anglican tradition , the sacerdotal function is assigned to clergy in the three orders of ministry : bishops , priests and deacons .
It is situated in the Vendée département and the Pays de la Loire région .
Beatrice Portinari , Dante Alighieri 's beloved and guide through Heaven in The Divine Comedy -LRB- d. 1290 -RRB-
Pierluigi Cera -LRB- born 25 February 1941 -RRB- is a former Italian footballer .
Uniform The colour of the PSNI uniform is green .
Naturalism is the metaphysical position that '' nature is all there is , and all basic truths are truths of nature . ''
It was the Yankees ' first loss in a World Series since 1942 and only their second since 1926 .
He killed Harry 's parents , and then he tried to kill Harry - he tried to curse him ... Harry has to find out , before we find out .
It was discovered in 2005 by Mike Brown and the laser guide star adaptive optics team at the W. M. Keck Observatory , and carried the provisional designation of ' until officially named Dysnomia -LRB- from the Ancient Greek word meaning '' lawlessness '' -RRB- after the daughter of the Greek goddess Eris .
On the non-Billboard chart , ARC Top 40 , the track hit number-one .
Moro is a city in the Naushahro Feroze District , of Sindh , Pakistan .
As the kinetic energy K of a massive rotating body is given by it is proportional to the square of the angular velocity .
William Lassell FRS -LRB- 18 June 1799 -- 5 October 1880 -RRB- was an English merchant and astronomer .
Pahariwood is the name of the Kashmiri filming industry that is based in the city of Mirpur , Azad Kashmir in Pakistan .
The album was originally released on vinyl LP in 1983 on 13th Floor Records , a label owned by their manager at the time , Monk Rock .
February 5 & ndash ; In Edinburgh , Scotland claimant King Charles II of England is declared King in his absence .
Some isotopes are radioactive and are therefore described as radioisotopes or radionuclides , while others have never been observed to undergo radioactive decay and are described as stable isotopes .
The process can take around two or three years to identify the Dalai Lama , and for the 14th , Tenzin Gyatso it was four years before he was found .
semibovemque virum semivirumque bovem , according to Ovid , Ars Amatoria 2.24 , one of the three lines that his friends would have deleted from his work , and one of the three that he , selecting independently , would preserve at all cost , in the apocryphal anecdote told by Albinovanus Pedo .
This strengthening occurs after the player has mastered the circular breathing technique .
Within Great Britain , the territory which the Brigantes inhabited was bordered by that of four other Celtic tribes : the Carvetii -LRB- to whom they may have been related -RRB- in the North-West , the Parisii to the East and , to the South , the Corieltauvi and the Cornovii .
Barker came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a series of short stories which established him as a leading young horror writer .
1882 & ndash ; The first United States Labor Day parade is held in New York City .
Parshall and Tully , Shattered Sword , p. 33 ; Prange , Miracle at Midway , p. 23 .
The rebellion is named after Daniel Shays , a veteran of the American Revolutionary war .
See also List of tropical cyclones List of Atlantic hurricane seasons References World Wide Web Books Terry Tucker .
Her husband soon married their son 's fiancée , who was also their ward , fourteen-year-old Catherine Willoughby , by whom he had two sons .
Each of the two eyes of a spookfish collects light from both above and below ; the light coming from the above is focused by a lens , while that coming from below , by a curved mirror composed of many layers of small reflective plates made of guanine crystals .
Dependency -LRB- project management -RRB- , a link amongst a project 's terminal elements
Tramecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
From 1985 to 1998 he served as prime minister of the Saarland .
Following yet another victory for Fianna Fáil at the 1969 general election , Hillery became Minister for External Affairs -LRB- renamed Foreign Affairs in 1972 -RRB- , one of the most prestigious of cabinet posts .
Major League Baseball made a deal with Fox and NBC on November 7 , 1995 .
Many at the time felt that Salisbury had been involved in the plot to gain favor with the King and enact more stridently anti-Catholic legislation .
In addition to being Benin 's largest city , it houses many of its government and diplomatic services ; thus , it is Benin 's de facto capital , even though the official capital is Porto-Novo .
Michael Kevin '' Mick '' Taylor -LRB- born 17 January 1949 in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire -RRB- is an English musician , best known as a former member of John Mayall 's Bluesbreakers -LRB- 1966 â '' 69 -RRB- and The Rolling Stones -LRB- 1969 â '' 74 -RRB- .
Nuclear testing at the Nevada Test Site began with a one-kiloton -LRB- 4 terajoule -RRB- bomb dropped on Frenchman Flat on January 27 , 1951 .
The clip , lasting one minute in length , was of Sarah Jane 's interview with Mrs Wormwood .
Jodie Louisa Marsh -LRB- born 23 December 1978 -RRB- is an English model and media personality .
When the academy was founded , the ballroom was the biggest room in Stockholm that could be heated and thus used in the winter , so the king asked if he could borrow it .
Saint-Avit-Saint-Nazaire is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
An amylase is an enzyme that breaks starch down into sugar .
After barely fifteen months in office , Nerva died of natural causes on 27 January 98 .
He is the father of small-time mobster and Lufthansa heist suspect , Frankie Burke , Jesse James Burke , Catherine Burke and another unidentified daughter .
Irmgard Seefried -LRB- 9 October 1919-24 November 1988 -RRB- was a distinguished German soprano who sang opera and lieder .
Artistic inspiration , sudden creativity in artistic production
Since multiplication on the integers is both commutative and associative , it does not matter in what way we write a number greater than 1 as the product of primes ; it is generally common to write the -LRB- prime -RRB- factors in the order of smallest to largest .
Following a career as an Apostolic Delegate for West Africa and Superior General of the Holy Ghost Fathers , he took the lead in opposing the changes within the Church associated with the Second Vatican Council .
Marshall is well-known for proving that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori is the cause of most peptic ulcers , reversing decades of medical doctrine which held that ulcers were caused by stress , spicy foods , and too much acid .
It was then awarded to the NHL playoff champion in 1925 -- 26 and 1926 -- 27 , -LRB- replacing the O'Brien Cup -RRB- before that team would go on to face the Western Hockey League -LRB- WHL -RRB- champion for the Stanley Cup .
Undated Martin Frobisher holds the first celebration of Thanksgiving by Europeans in North America at Newfoundland by the Frobisher Expedition .
The Dujiangyan Irrigation System , built in the 3rd century BC under the inspection of Li Bing , was the symbol of modernization of that period .
He has been a staff writer for The New Yorker since 1996 .
Michiel Adriaenszoon de Ruyter -LRB- 24 March 1607 -- 29 April 1676 -RRB- is the most famous and one of the best admirals in Dutch history .
Gerry Anderson MBE , born , is a British publisher , producer , director and writer , famous for his futuristic television programs , particularly those involving specially modified marionettes , a process called '' Supermarionation '' .
Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province , South Africa .
Later , Percy is told by Annabeth , and confirmed by Poseidon , that Luke has survived the fall , and Thalia joins the Hunt to become immortal and prevent the prophecy from being fulfilled .
They also measured the visible and infrared spectra and surface temperature .
Maisons is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
He lost almost 30 kg and took up recreational cycling again .
Market East Station is an underground SEPTA Regional Rail station located in the Market East neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
This can stem either from natural causes such as in Olaf Stapledon 's novel Odd John , and Theodore Sturgeon 's More Than Human , or be the result of intentional augmentation such as in A. E. van Vogt 's novel Slan .
Mossman was once part of the former Douglas Shire but now falls under the amalgamted Cairns Regional Council which is presently administered from both Cairns and Mossman .
The trained operator at the variable speed control box regulates the unitâ s Buck-and-Spin speed as well as spin direction .
To change the town 's architecture and break with its rural past , the town council passed a decree banning the construction of new wooden houses in 1847 .
Ancient Persians cultivated Persian saffron -LRB- Crocus sativus ` Hausknechtii ' -RRB- in Derbena , Isfahan , and Khorasan by the 10th century BC .
Overview It was performed in 20 teams , and FC Spartak Moscow won the championship .
English Braille codes the letters and punctuation , and some double letter signs and word signs directly , but capitalization and numbers are dealt with by using a prefix symbol .
Two of the most outspoken critics of the guild system were Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Adam Smith , and all over Europe a tendency to oppose government control over trades in favor of laissez-faire free market systems was growing rapidly and making its way into the political and legal system .
This requires great skill and endurance of the performer .
Radwinter is a village and a civil parish on the B1054 road , in the Uttlesford district , in the county of Essex , England . Radwinter has a church called St Mary the Virgin Church .
Gouda -LRB- slang -RRB-
Mitsuo Watanabe -LRB- born June 4 , 1953 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
There are only two truly positional decimal systems in ancient civilization : the Chinese counting rod system and the Hindu-Arabic numeral system , which descended from Brahmi numerals .
2007 327 950 5,482 2,600 2,176 2,351 2,491 3,059 5,038 6,852 8,450 Official figures from French and Swedish censuses .
About 3.0 % of families and 4.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 4.7 % of those under age 18 and 8.3 % of those age 65 or over .
William Stanley Vann FRCO , ARCM -LRB- 15 February 1910 -- 27 March 2010 -RRB- was an English composer , organist , choral conductor , and choir trainer , primarily in the Anglican cathedral tradition .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive -LRB- administrative -RRB- and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
Kim Dong-Hyun -LRB- footballer -RRB- , South Korean football player , now of Gwangju Sangmu FC
During the multinational occupation of post-World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway and road access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control .
A badge is a device , patch , or accoutrement which is presented or displayed to indicate some feat of service , a special accomplishment , a symbol of authority granted by taking an oath -LRB- e.g. , police and fire -RRB- , a sign of legitimate employment or student status , or as a simple means of identification .
A pupil of Charles Villiers Stanford and Walford Davies , Boughton 's output included three symphonies , several concertos , part-songs , songs , chamber music and opera -LRB- which he called '' Music Drama '' after Wagner -RRB- .
The use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were being gradually introduced ; but around 1974 the electronic scientific calculator made it largely obsolete and most suppliers exited the business .
His contemporary Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads , and concluded that it was contagious .
Gandhi conceived of Satyagraha , loosely translated as '' Soul Force , '' as a means of striving for truth and social justice through love , suffering , and conversion of the oppressor .
Breeds listed here may be traditional breeds with long histories as registered breeds , rare breeds with their own registries , or new breeds that may still be under development .
Both men were devoted to the cause of an intrinsically Russian art and quickly became friends .
He appealed to the competing car manufacturers for an agreement where the independent -LRB- and , on the whole , financially weaker -RRB- teams in Formula One would get cheaper engine deals than at present .
Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari Shahrekord 842,002 6 Until 1973 was part of Isfahan province .
Michelle Williams -LRB- actress -RRB- , -LRB- born September 9 , 1980 -RRB- , American actress known for Dawson 's Creek , Brokeback Mountain and her relationship with Heath Ledger
Notably , an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November , 2004 -LRB- soon after 's discovery -RRB- failed to recover the object , while it has been seen again later .
In architecture and building engineering , a floor plan , or floorplan , is a diagram , usually to scale , showing the relationships between rooms , spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure .
Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth 's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time , and are separated from one another by geologic features , such as oceans , broad deserts , or high mountain ranges , that formed barriers to plant and animal migration .
I hope you enjoy editing Wikipedia !
He played for the German national team -LRB- from 1994 to 2006 -RRB- , where he was starting goalkeeper of the 2002 World Cup squad which reached the Finals and won the FIFA World Cup Golden Ball for his performance .
During the November pogrom of 1938 , known as Kristallnacht -LRB- '' Night of the Broken Glass '' -RRB- , Friedrich and Pauline Kellner tried to stop the rioting .
Each character uses his or her own trademark weapon and fighting style , and is able to earn new special abilities through experience gained from defeating enemies .
Non-destructive install -LRB- does not format the device -RRB-
They are claimed to have been introduced to Madeira following its discovery in c. 1420 and spread widely in Europe in the 16th century .
Kannada is the official language of Karnataka and spoken as a native language by about 64.75 % of the people .
It was released on October 30 , 2006 .
Monoatomic particles , of course , do not -LRB- sensibly -RRB- rotate or vibrate , and are not electronically excited to higher energies except at very high temperatures .
At the same time he took up acting , at first as a hobby .
Fuji remained a popular sports car racing venue and FIA World Sportscar Championship visited the track between 1982 â '' 1988 and it was often used for national races .
I learned the songs on that EP note for note , twiddle for twiddle .
Harrison was a representative for Surry County , Virginia , -LRB- 1756 -- 1758 -RRB- and Charles City County -LRB- 1766 -- 1776 -RRB- to the House of Burgesses .
Choi Chung-Min -LRB- Hangul : ì ì ë 1\/4 , born 30 August 1930 - died 8 August 1983 -RRB- is a retired South Korean football player and football manager .
Chevvy Pennycook -LRB- born 6 April 1987 in Bristol , England -RRB- is a rugby union player for Moseley in the RFU Championship , who formerly played for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
also known as The Shoah -LRB- Hebrew : , Romanized HaShoah , '' calamity '' ; Yiddish : , Romanized Churben or Hurban , '' Holocaust , '' Encyclopaedia Britannica , 2009 : '' the systematic state-sponsored killing of six million Jewish men , women and children , and millions of others by Nazi Germany and its collaborators during World War II .
He remarried in 1980 to Robyn Smith , a jockey almost 45 years his junior .
He is killed when Azula strikes him with lightning , but is brought back to life thanks to Katara 's special water that has healing abilities .
In December 2003 , a seven-year pre-agreement to host the GP in Hyderabad in 2007 was signed .
Oxidized DCPIP is blue , reduced DCPIP is colorless .
Icon -LRB- novel -RRB- , a 1997 fiction novel by Frederick Forsyth
288 page , Butterworth-Heinemann Ltd./ORGANIZATION.
Since 1987 , she has represented the 8th Congressional District of California , which consists of four-fifths of the City and County of San Francisco .
Sora then meets Donald and Goofy , and the three decide to travel togetherâ '' Donald and Goofy to find King Mickey , and Sora to find Kairi and Riku .
In Your House was a pay-per-view series created by the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- .
Ancient Domains of Mystery , or ADOM , is a roguelike game by Thomas Biskup first released in 1994 .
There is a frequent helicopter , hovercraft , and ferry-service to Lungi .
Prior to his entry into the adult industry , he worked as a martial arts instructor in Southern California .
Guemps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He is widely regarded as one of the country 's greatest Prime Ministers .
Most famously , this is known as cogito ergo sum -LRB- English : '' I think , therefore I am '' -RRB- .
Most of Darwin 's population was evacuated to Adelaide , Whyalla , Alice Springs and Sydney , and many never returned to the city .
'' Here '' is Rhodes Scholarship
Initial home video releases With the dawn of the home video era came an opportunity to release Yellow Submarine on VHS and LaserDisc .
800-450 BC -RRB- , named for the rich grave finds in Hallstatt , Austria .
The school is committed to the provision of a comprehensive range of quality education services , which aims to promote the moral -LRB- å 3\/4 -RRB- , intellectual -LRB- æ -RRB- , physical -LRB- é '' '' -RRB- , social -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- , aesthetic -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- and spiritual -LRB- é -RRB- development of the students .
Darren Middleton and Ian Haug both had children during this time and Fanning married his girlfriend Andrea .
Gilles Villemure -LRB- born May 30 , 1940 , in Trois-Rivières , Quebec -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
Females are attracted to lights , but males are not .
Despite its name , it was first introduced by Francis Galton .
In sociology , anthropology and cultural studies , a subculture is a group of people with a culture -LRB- whether distinct or hidden -RRB- which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong , for example , if a particular subculture is characterized by a systematic opposition to the dominant culture , it may be described as a counterculture .
-LRB- born 20 December 1948 -RRB- is a Japanese naturalized British classical pianist .
Quotes are sometimes used for emphasis in lieu of underlining or italics , most commonly on signs or placards .
The City of Falls Church is an independent city in Virginia , United States , in the Washington Metropolitan Area .
Index on Censorship -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
The Prince and the Pauper is an English-language novel by American author Mark Twain .
Being amphibious , they are uniquely adapted to intertidal habitats , unlike most fish in such habitats which survive the retreat of the tide by hiding under wet seaweed or in tidal pools .
68 , No. 2 Researchers have developed more sensitive diagnostics , such as real-time PCR and improved culture methods that have enabled them to identify pathogens in pasteurized milk .
He was then transferred to the Indian Army , initially joining the Bengal Staff Corps as a Lieutenant in 1887 and being attached to the 39th Bengal Infantry , later transferring to 29th Punjabis .
C.
It is made up of stuff similar to 1 Ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered with the composition of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .
Michael Garrett Shanks -LRB- born December 15 , 1970 -RRB- is a Canadian actor who achieved fame for his role as Dr. Daniel Jackson on the long-running science fiction television series Stargate SG-1 .
It is also extremely important to marine mammals and birds ; for example , breeding success of California brown pelicans and elegant terns is strongly connected to anchovy abundance .
More commonly known by his mononymous stage name hide -LRB- -RRB- , written in all lowercase letters by the artist , he was primarily known for his work as lead guitarist of the popular heavy metal band X Japan from 1987 to 1997 .
For a full-length -LRB- 90-minute -RRB- movie , there would be approximately 64,800 stops , and possibly far more if parts were shot with '' singles '' or '' ones '' -LRB- one frame exposed for each shot -RRB- .
, Blue and Green
William Bateson -LRB- Robin Hood 's Bay , August 8 , 1861 -- February 8 , 1926 -RRB- was a British geneticist , a Fellow of St. John 's College , Cambridge .
He is a midfielder , currently playing for Aston Villa where he is the vice-captain .
In the Chinese capital of Chang ` an , the West Market and East Market are closed every night 1 hour and three quarters before dusk -LRB- by government-ordered curfew -RRB- , yet night markets thrive in residential areas .
Battle of Ronaldsway : Scottish forces defeat the Manx of the Isle of Man in a decisive battle , firmly establishing Scottish rule of the island .
After Moore 's match with Ponzi , he was hired by Ponzi 's sometime employer , Sylvester Livingston , a pool impresario who hosted exhibitions with a stable of top pool talent including Irving Crane who , like Lassiter , would become a six-time world champion .
The game was infrequently played , with many top carom players of the era voicing their dislike of it , until after the 1907 introduction of the Lambert Trophy .
Eduardo Ariel Bustos Montoya -LRB- born October 3 , 1976 in Rosario -RRB- is an Argentine football striker currently playing for Club AtlÃ tico Temperley in Argentina .
By the war 's end , Austria-Hungary and the Russian Empire had collapsed and disintegrated ; Bessarabia , Bukovina and Transylvania proclaimed unions with the Kingdom of Romania in 1918 .
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Yajur Veda , Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
In 1990 , in collaboration with Barbara Friedrich , he wrote the '' Ambiente Euro Design Guide '' , the first German lexicon on contemporary design .
A widespread endemic disease that is stable in terms of how many people are getting sick from it is not a pandemic .
Myxobolus cerebralis is a myxosporean parasite of salmonids -LRB- salmon , trout , and their allies -RRB- that causes whirling disease in farmed salmon and trout and also in wild fish populations .
The roof of the West Stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .
Wisteria -LRB- also spelled Wistaria -RRB- is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae , that includes ten species of woody climbing vines native to the eastern United States and the East Asian states of China , Korea , and Japan .
Since 1961 , over 200,000 Americans have joined the Peace Corps , serving in 139 countries .
Steckborn is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau , Switzerland .
It had been intended to build the line beyond Walthamstow Central to Wood Street -LRB- Walthamstow -RRB- , where it would have surfaced to terminate next to the British Railways station .
May 28 & ndash ; Leopold Mozart , Austrian composer -LRB- b. 1719 -RRB-
Soundtrack The soundtrack of the film was released by Walt Disney Records on June 21 , 2002 .
All Hope Is Gone is the fourth studio album by American alternative metal band Slipknot .
Recently , it has become more widespread in the West , where black tea is traditionally consumed .
The most famous example from this period is the burial of the '' Red Lady of Paviland '' -LRB- actually now known to be a man -RRB- in modern day coastal south Wales .
God is believed by some Christians to be immanent -LRB- meaning that he is with and within all things -RRB- , while others believe the plan of redemption in scriptures show he will be immanent later as seen in , , and , and most believe he is also transcendent -LRB- meaning that he is outside space and time , and therefore eternal and unable to be changed by forces within the universe -RRB- .
Kin selection has been discussed by Haldane and by Hamilton . â By kin selection I mean the evolution of characteristics which favor the survival of close relatives of the affected individual , by processes which do not require any discontinuities in the population breeding structure .
Wallace collected more than 125,000 specimens in the Malay Archipelago -LRB- more than 80,000 beetles alone -RRB- .
A study in 2005 concluded that mothers teach the behaviour to their daughters , and that all the sponge-users are closely related , suggesting that it is a fairly recent innovation .
'' Biographical Sketches of the Secretaries of Transportation '' , U.S. Department of Transportation , Office of the Historian .
In the centre of the city , on the bank of the river Pegnitz , stands the Hospital of the Holy Spirit .
The agency was created in 1936 , and was composed of a number of princely states in the present-day Indian states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand .
The map filled the entire screen , with an off-screen narrator commenting on the next day 's weather .
In addition to the guitar , Dickinson also plays a cigar box guitar called the '' lowebow . ''
Victoria , like Queensland , was named after Queen Victoria , the monarch at the time .
Robson made his debut in 1950 for Fulham , recently promoted to the First Division , in a match against Sheffield Wednesday .
In doing so , it becomes oxidized , and is therefore the electron donor in the redox .
Goldfinger was also the first Bond film to use a pop star to sing the theme song during the titles , a hallmark that would follow for every Bond film since except On Her Majesty 's Secret Service .
Other exceptions to this derive from historical agreements : for example the initial letter ` h ' in words , preservation of the morpheme in declension of the word -LRB- writing b , g , d in places where p , k , t is pronounced -RRB- and in the use of ` i ' and ` j' .
For more information , see interpolation .
Vendes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
However , once ashore , they received no additional instructions nor tribal divisions , and began to work on a common shelter .
The film 's title is a direct translation of the word '' Islam '' -LRB- see also the etymology and meaning of the word -RRB- .
Rafael Gordillo Vázquez -LRB- born 24 February 1957 at Almendralejo , Badajoz , Extremadura -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer , best known for his Real Madrid stint .
-LRB- For many years the British government had promised to return the English dowry of his grandmother , Mary of Modena , but had never actually done so . -RRB-
1981 -LRB- MCMLXXXI -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link displays the 1981 Gregorian calendar -RRB- .
He was engaged in military affairs between 1776 â '' 78 , and served again in Congress from 1778-1784 .
UM also became the first American university to use the seminar method of study .
Dmitri Shostakovich 's Symphony No. 7 in C major , Op .
2004 & ndash ; Madrid train bombings : Simultaneous explosions on rush hour trains in Madrid , Spain , kill 191 people .
Following Paolozzi 's seminal presentation in 1952 , the IG focused primarily on the imagery of American popular culture , particularly mass advertising .
GrÃ 1\/4 nwald -LRB- German for green forest -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Munich , in Bavaria , Germany .
Harriet Ruth Harman , QC -LRB- born 30 July 1950 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician , who is the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Camberwell and Peckham , and was MP for the predecessor Peckham constituency from 1982 to 1997 .
The is a Japanese traditional garment worn by women , men and children .
The philosophy of language then became so pervasive that for a time , in analytic philosophy circles , philosophy as a whole was understood to be a matter of philosophy of language .
Daniel Webster -LRB- January 18 , 1782 - October 24 , 1852 -RRB- was a leading American statesman and senator during the nation 's Antebellum Period .
Chinese civilization was also one of the few to invent writing , the others being Mesopotamia , the Indus Valley Civilization , the Maya and other Mesoamerican civilizations , the Minoan civilization of ancient Greece , and Ancient Egypt .
Capital in narrow and broad uses In classical economics , capital is one of three -LRB- or four , in some formulations -RRB- factors of production .
The Solnhofen Plattenkalk is a Jurassic Konservat-Lagerst ätte that preserves a rare assemblage of fossilized organisms , including highly detailed imprints of soft bodied organisms such as sea jellies .
Minogue was diagnosed with breast cancer on 17 May 2005 , leading to the postponement of the remainder of her Showgirl â '' The Greatest Hits Tour and her withdrawal from the Glastonbury Festival .
A ship known as the Andrea Gail was lost , along with her six crew members , during the storm .
It has approximately 200 chapters in the United States , Canada , Australia , Asia , and Europe .
At the time they were published , Austen 's works were considered fashionable by members of high society but received few positive reviews .
Dirty -LRB- computer science -RRB- , containing data which need to be written back to a larger memory .
The jury did not hear testimony from a few other apparent eyewitnesses who believed that Sankofa was not the killer because they believed he was too short to be the killer .
The Canadian Hurricane Centre -LRB- CHC -RRB- is a division of the Meteorological Service of Canada , an agency of Canada 's Department of the Environment , which exists to advise Canadians on the threat of tropical cyclones such as hurricanes and tropical storms .
Loud talking within the mosque , as well as discussion of topics deemed disrespectful , is forbidden in areas where people are praying .
In the Gospel of St. Matthew , the Sermon on the Mount is a compilation of Jesus ' sayings , epitomizing his moral teaching .
The Sydney Harbour Bridge is a steel through arch bridge across Sydney Harbour that carries rail , vehicular , bicycle and pedestrian traffic between the Sydney central business district -LRB- CBD -RRB- and the North Shore . The dramatic view of the bridge , the harbor , and the nearby Sydney Opera House is an iconic image of both Sydney and Australia .
Alceu Rodrigues Simoni Filho , or simply Alceu -LRB- born May 7 , 1984 -RRB- , is a Brazilian midfielder who is currently playing for GrÃ mio Prudente Futebol .
Sandy beaches are found on both coasts also , and despite a large potential for tourism , the province has seen little development in that area with the exception of Santa Lucía beach , on the province 's North coast .
Early research appeared to show that Nix was reddish like Pluto and unlike the other moons , but more recent reports have been that it is gray like the remaining satellites .
The trail today The remaining fragment mostly crosses public land save for the extreme eastern end of the trail at Ripley .
In 1771 , Dr. John Rippon became pastor and served for 63 years .
These eight-eyed spiders are found in Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Southeast Asia , the Mediterranean , Florida , and Hawaii , and possibly in many other tropical and semi-tropical regions .
The largest number of Poles outside of Poland can be found in the United States .
On December 8 , 1781 , Arnold and his family left New York for England .
Haakon IV , King of Norway -LRB- d. 1263 -RRB-
Pooh admits that this may happen , but asks her to think about what will happen to Michael if she does n't tell .
Originally a two-year teacher 's college when opened in 1913 , Minot State became a university in 1987 .
The most commonly used classification scheme was originally developed by Wladimir KÃ ppen .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S/2000 S 5 .
Bibliography How the Other Half Dies -LRB- Penguin -RRB- 1976 .
The only aircraft that could quickly deliver the medicine was taken out of winter storage , but its engine was frozen and would not start .
It is through Spenta Mainyu that transcendental Ahura Mazda is immanent in humankind , and through which the Creator interacts with the world .
'' Fortunately , I arrived just at that moment , picked her up and carried her back to Miss Eagar , who was still talking about Dreyfus , '' recalled her aunt Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia .
The episode got a Nielsen rating of 60.2 and 77 share , translating into nearly 106 million Americans watching that night , which established it as the most-watched episode in United States television history , a record that stood for nearly 27 years .
1898 & ndash ; Henry Moore , English sculptor -LRB- d. 1986 -RRB-
The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket , Rhode Island , United States .
A Master of Science -LRB- ; abbreviated MSc , M.Sc/O. , M.S. or S.M. -RRB- is a postgraduate academic master 's degree awarded by universities in a large number of countries .
253 Mathilde -LRB- -RRB- is a main belt asteroid that was discovered by Johann Palisa in 1885 .
'' Obvious '' was released as the final single from the album , charting at # 3 .
It tells the story of Captain Nemo and his submarine Nautilus as seen from the perspective of Professor Pierre Aronnax .
Ironing board Most ironing is done on an ironing board , a small , portable , foldable table with a heat resistant top .
Somewhere Only We Know '' Composition , recording and musical structure Composition and recording The first demo was composed by Tim Rice-Oxley circa 2001 .
When the Community was established , French leader Charles de Gaulle specified that any country within it would eventually have the option of moving to complete independence .
She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington , DC and Suffolk University in Boston , where her mother serves as professor of government and previously served as dean of the campus in Dakar , Senegal .
Today , hot chocolate is consumed throughout the world and comes in multiple variations including the very thick cioccolata densa served in Italy , and the thinner hot cocoa that is typically consumed in the United States .
Bonham Carter received positive reviews as Lestrange , described as a '' shining but underused talent '' .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O2/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
Anatomical studies , particularly studies of the most primitive troodontids , like Sinovenator , demonstrate striking anatomical similarities with Archaeopteryx and primitive dromaeosaurids , and demonstrate that they are relatives comprising a clade called Paraves .
In many cases , as illustrated in The Broken Mirror by Katharine Phillips , the social and professional lives of many patients disintegrates because they are so preoccupied with their appearance .
They are grouped according to the structure of the jaw and the structure of the molar teeth .
StÃ phane Henchoz -LRB- born 7 September 1974 in Billens -RRB- is a former Swiss international footballer who last played for Blackburn Rovers as a defender .
Isagoras set about uprooting hundreds of people from their homes on the pretext that they too were cursed , and attempted to dissolve the council -LRB- Î Î Ï
A second direct-to-video sequel , Lilo & Stitch 2 : Stitch Has a Glitch , was released in August 2005 .
Vitamin A is a fat soluble vitamin and depends on micellar solubilization for dispersion into the small intestine , which results in poor use of vitamin A from low-fat diets .
European plaice , Pleuronectes platessa , are a commercially important flatfish occurring on the sandy bottoms of the European shelf .
The games usually feature simple plots ; the most common theme is that of Bowser , the main antagonist , kidnapping Princess Peach , whom Mario saves .
Both men were devoted to the cause of an intrinsically Russian art and quickly became friends .
Duchenne muscular dystrophy , cancers like Ewing 's sarcoma , and alcoholic cardiomyopathy are myopathies .
Perros-Guirec is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Brittany in north-western France .
The British Rail Mark 3 bodyshell design was also used for construction of the Class 456 direct current -LRB- DC -RRB- units .
Canton -LRB- town -RRB- , New York
PorchÃ res is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
His younger brother John , who succeeded him , was not so fortunate ; he suffered the loss of Normandy and numerous other French territories following the disastrous Battle of Bouvines .
Ron Perlman reprises his role as the titular character .
That goal was the chief aim of Lincoln 's Address at Gettysburg .
It hunts at night -LRB- but in colder seasons also in the daytime -RRB- for rodents and hares ; rarely it attacks animals larger than itself , such as gazelles , small antelopes , or young ostriches .
Non-vascular plants is a general term for those plants without a vascular system -LRB- xylem and phloem -RRB- .
These digits are often used with a decimal separator which indicates the start of a fractional part , and with a symbol such as the plus sign + -LRB- for positive -RRB- or minus sign â ' -LRB- for negative -RRB- adjacent to the numeral to indicate whether it is greater or less than zero , respectively .
The Island Regulation originally divided the Netherlands Antilles into four island territories : Aruba , Bonaire , CuraÃ ao , and the Windward islands .
It is known , however , that John L. Goldwater attended Horace Mann School , which is located in the Riverdale section of the Bronx in New York City .
Kirkfieldbank is a small village and parish in Scotland , on the banks of the river Clyde , close to the town of Lanark , and the village of New Lanark .
The work is written for a chamber ensemble of two violins , viola , and cello with optional double bass .
See also Category : sulfur compounds Common oxidation states of sulfur range from â ' 2 to +6 . Sulfur forms stable compounds with all elements except the noble gases .
Caprivi was informed that he was the Kaiser 's intended choice should Bismarck prove resistant to Wilhelm 's proposed changes to the government , and upon Bismarck 's dismissal on March 18 , Caprivi became Chancellor .
Many sperm whales carry scars on their backs believed to be caused by the hooks of Colossal Squid . Colossal Squid are a major prey item for Antarctic sperm whales feeding in the Southern Ocean ; 14 % of the squid beaks found in the stomachs of these sperm whales are those of the Colossal Squid , which indicates that Colossal Squid make up 77 % of the biomass consumed by these whales .
While traditionally most monarchs have been male , female monarchs have also ruled in history ; the term queen regnant refers to a ruling monarch , as distinct from a queen consort , the wife of a reigning king .
However , they were released without any bloodshed and Hooker returned to Darjeeling where he spent January and February 1850 writing his journals , replacing specimens lost during his detention and planning a journey for his last year in India .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
As NBC 's answer to the successful series Survivor , the show was initially a hit for the network in the summer of 2001 , and built strong ratings for the next couple of seasons , but as the years passed , the ratings declined .
Threatened species are any species -LRB- including animals , plants , fungi , etc. -RRB- which are vulnerable to endangerment in the near future .
PlayStation 3
The nominate subspecies of this parakeet is 29 cm long on average , with a 48 cm wingspan , and weighs 100 g. Females tend to be 10-20 % smaller but can only be reliably sexed by DNA blood or feather testing .
style Optional CSS values used by the entire message box table .
In addition to Tropical Storms Ana and Bill tracking through the Atlantic Ocean on August 16 , a new tropical depression formed over the eastern Gulf of Mexico . This depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Claudette as it neared the Florida Panhandle .
He was a member of the AcadÃ mie franÃ aise , and won the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Probabilistically checkable proof -LRB- complexity -RRB- , a notion in the theory of computational complexity
Francium was discovered by Marguerite Perey in France -LRB- from which the element takes its name -RRB- in 1939 .
Etienne Franzi
After the second Anglo-Dutch War of 1665 -- 1667 England and the United Provinces of the Netherlands agreed in the Treaty of Breda to the status quo : The English kept the island of Manhattan which the Duke of York -LRB- the future James II , brother of Charles II -RRB- , had occupied illegally in 1664 and renamed from New Amsterdam to New York and Run was officially abandoned to the Dutch .
It was given the temporary designation S/1989 N 3 .
In its initial release , several Windows Live properties were rebranded and enhanced from Microsoft 's MSN set of products and services .
Liberty Mutual agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of Safeco for $ 68.25 per share , for a total transaction price of approximately $ 6.2 billion .
The most common function of a diode is to allow an electric current to pass in one direction -LRB- called the diode 's forward direction -RRB- while blocking current in the opposite direction -LRB- the reverse direction -RRB- .
Mary of Modena -LRB- Maria Beatrice Anna Margherita Isabella d'Este ; â '' -RRB- was Queen consort of England , Scotland and Ireland as the second wife of King James II and VII .
However , the city of Chandigarh was on the border , and was thus created into a union territory to serve as capital of both these states .
5290 m -RRB- is the highest peak in Kaghan Valley , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan about six km south of Lake Saiful Muluk near Ansoo Lake .
The most common and successful example is software as a service -LRB- SaaS -RRB- , but the as a service moniker has been associated with many other functions including communication , infrastructure and platforms , most of which are core components of cloud computing .
Albias is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyr énées region in southern France .
However , Rolling Stone magazine , while giving her album 2\/5 stars , described the song as a '' New Wave-y club single '' , saying the supposedly rebellious '' attention-grabbing '' lyrics are '' a vanilla recounting of her chick-on-chick exploits '' and that this '' acting out '' is '' just to get a dude 's attention '' .
Another FOSS application called Gnumeric provides easier access to these statistical analysis features by presenting them to users with a wizard .
Nevertheless , according to Encarta Dictionary and Chambers Dictionary of Etymology , '' dodo '' derives from Portuguese doudo -LRB- currently doido -RRB- meaning '' fool '' or '' crazy '' .
The American black bear -LRB- Ursus americanus -RRB- is North America 's smallest and most common species of bear .
Jagger 's girlfriend of the time , Marianne Faithfull , had come to Australia to play the lead female role -LRB- Ned 's sister , Maggie -RRB- , but the Jagger-Faithfull relationship was breaking up , and she took an overdose of sleeping tablets soon after arrival in Sydney .
The neighboring Talmudic school was demolished so that other new buildings would keep the view of the beach nearby .
The constitution emphasizes the protection of individual liberty in an extensive catalogue of human rights and also divides powers both between the federal and state levels and between the legislative , executive , and judicial branches .
He has appeared on lunch boxes , t-shirts , magazines , commercials , in candy form , on shampoo bottles , cereal , badges , and as a plush toy .
Celles-sur-Ource is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
For the British dish Cromer crab , the crab meat is extracted and placed inside the hard shell .
It has a population of 3,074,207 -LRB- 2001 Indian census -RRB- and covers an area of 5075 km .
Battledress , or fatigues in the general sense , is the type of uniform used as combat uniforms , as opposed to ` display ' dress or formal uniform worn at parades and functions .
Andrew Hill '' Andy '' Card Jr. -LRB- born May 10 , 1947 in Brockton , Massachusetts -RRB- is a Republican American politician , former United States Cabinet member , and head of President George W. Bush 's White House Iraq Group .
Comines-Warneton is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The House of Commons was established in 1867 , when the Constitution Act , 1867 created the Dominion of Canada , and was modelled on the British House of Commons .
According to E.S. Drower , the Mandaean Gnosis is characterized by nine features , which appear in various forms in other gnostic sects :
He worked in the serenely classic style of the Florentine Early Renaissance .
ICD9 =
Without von Sternberg , Dietrich -- along with Fred Astaire , Joan Crawford , Mae West , Dolores del Río , Katharine Hepburn and others -- was labeled '' box office poison '' after her 1937 film , Knight Without Armour , proved an expensive flop .
It has an area of 965 km , and a total population of 268,503 -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB- .
The western valleys , along the Haitian border , remain relatively dry , with less than 760 mm of annual precipitation , due to the rain shadow effect caused by the central and northern mountain ranges .
Territorial sea :
History Guantánamo 's architecture and culture is distinct from that of the rest of Cuba .
Static shock
The municipality comprises the city of Dendermonde proper and the towns of Appels , Baasrode , Grembergen , Mespelare , Oudegem , Schoonaarde , and Sint-Gillis-bij-Dendermonde .
Its highest known point , found at â '' and 320 m â '' is an unnamed spot in the island 's far northeastern end overlooking the Baring Channel , which separates the island from nearby Russell Island .
Khowar -LRB- -RRB- , also known as Chitrali , is a Dardic language spoken by 400,000 people in Chitral in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , in the Ghizer district of Gilgit-Baltistan -LRB- including the Yasin Valley , Phandar Ishkoman and Gupis -RRB- , and in parts of Upper Swat .
However , mosque bombings have not been exclusive to Iraq ; in June 2005 , a suicide bomber killed at least 19 people at an Afghan mosque .
1918 & ndash ; Malbone Street Wreck : the worst rapid transit accident in US history occurs under the intersection of Malbone Street and Flatbush Avenue , Brooklyn , New York City , with at least 93 deaths .
Each chart is dated with the '' week-ending '' date of the previous Thursday -LRB- i.e. the day before issue -RRB- .
The Canidae family is divided into the '' true dogs '' of the tribe Canini and the '' foxes '' of the tribe Vulpini .
This performance won him his first AL Rolaids Relief Man Award , an annual award for the league 's best closer based on their statistical performance .
His last major commission was the Great Fountain at Perugia -LRB- 1277 â '' 1278 -RRB- .
Matafelon-Granges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This article contains information on the 2000-2001 season of Serie B , the second highest football league in Italy .
In the wake of economic concerns , he lost the 1992 presidential election to Democrat Bill Clinton .
Although his complete surviving works only last about three hours , he has been recognized as an influence by several major composers of the late 20th century .
Its sources are in the Cordillera Central and flows to the east into Samaná Bay .
is a platforming video game developed by Artoon for the Nintendo DS .
Indeed , polychaetes are sometimes referred to as bristle worms .
He ended his professional footballing career at Manchester United where he won four Premier League titles in five years , including two League and FA Cup Doubles .
Can be moody , detached , superficial , self-indulgent , opportunistic .
A : the first letter in the Latin alphabet Hypernym of a word : a word having a wider meaning than the given one ; e.g. , vehicle is a hypernym of automobile
Halley 's Comet or Comet Halley -LRB- officially designated 1P\/Halley -RRB- is the best-known of the short-period comets , and is visible from Earth every 75 to 76 years .
Zanzibar was once a separate state with a long trading history within the Arab world ; it united with Tanganyika to form Tanzania in 1964 and still enjoys a high degree of autonomy within the union .
It was developed by Jay Freeman -LRB- also known as '' saurik '' -RRB- .
The mating process differs in different geographical regions .
However , Wisconsin contains cities and towns of all sizes .
They continued to battle over the title to a stalemate in a Last Man Standing match at Backlash and a Steel Cage Match on the May 11 episode of SmackDown !
Schack August Steenberg Krogh -LRB- November 15 , 1874 -- September 13 , 1949 -RRB- was a Danish professor of Romani background at the department of zoophysiology at the University of Copenhagen from 1916-1945 .
Ellsworth is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
The Jubilee line is colored silver\/grey on the Tube map .
He spent two full seasons with the Bergamo based club , where he made 9 league appearances , including his Serie A debut .
1989 & ndash ; Ali Khamenei is elected the new Supreme Leader of Islamic republic of Iran by the Assembly of Experts after the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
Ceremonial counties may comprise combinations of county council areas and unitary authorities .
Their equivalent in other nations is the county or arrondissement .
Homo erectus -LRB- -RRB- is an extinct species of the genus Homo , believed to have been the first hominin to leave Africa .
Équihen-Plage is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
That same year a ferry service between Melbourne and Williamstown was established aboard the steamer ` Fire Fly ' .
At the Telluride Bluegrass Festival in Telluride , Colorado , Thile met banjoist Noam Pikelny and later commented that '' every note he played was something I wish I 'd played '' .
Analysis The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Democratic-Republican principles .
When the ride is over , Michael realizes that the brain they just toured is his and that they are currently inside him . He is about to trip over against his feet and fall off a skateboard .
Over his career , he trained 31 Olympic athletes , 51 All-Americans , 12 American record-holders , 24 NCAA champions and 16 sub-4 minute milers .
Odilon Redon -LRB- pronounced o dee lawn r ` dawn -RRB- was born in Bordeaux , Aquitaine to a prosperous family .
It was discovered by Edouard Van Beneden in 1883 and was described and named in 1888 by Theodor Boveri .
Pressure -LRB- the symbol : P -RRB- is the force per unit area applied in a direction perpendicular to the surface of an object .
Kotka -LRB- literally eagle -RRB- is a town and municipality of Finland .
He dies the next day .
It is the largest and most western of the five rivers of Punjab , and passes through Jhelum District .
The Computer Entertainment Rating Organization -LRB- CERO -RRB- is the organization that rates video games and PC games -LRB- except Dating sim , Visual novel , and Eroge -RRB- in Japan with levels of rating that informs the customer of the nature of the product and for what age group it is suitable .
Norwalk is a city in Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States .
Previous Sportscene presenters include Archie Macpherson , who also commentated , Gordon Hewitt , Hazel Irvine , Jill Douglas , Mark Souster , Jim Craig and Rob Maclean .
Sexual desire can cause people to place primitive instinct ahead of intellect -LRB- people across the world continue to have unsafe casual sex despite their awareness of the dangers of STDs , for example -RRB- .
Based in Washington , D.C. , Shirazinia and Tayebi are well known for providing house or dance remixes of tracks of famous stars such as Madonna , Cher and Gabrielle , and for their live DJing sets .
These three techniques all come at a cost : increased hardware complexity .
Sidney Rodrigue Noukpo Govou -LRB- ; born 27 July 1979 -RRB- is a French football player of Beninese descent who currently plays for Panathinaikos F.C. of Greece and French national team . Govou is a naturally attacking player but rarely plays as a striker , he is more commonly deployed as a winger .
Poker games differ in how the cards are dealt , how hands may be formed , whether the high or low hand wins the pot in a showdown -LRB- in some games , the pot is split between the high and low hands -RRB- , limits on bets and how many rounds of betting are allowed .
Their populations crashed during the Snowball Earth episodes , when all or very nearly all of the Earth 's surface was covered by ice or snow , but they proliferated in the Cambrian explosion and reached their highest diversity in the Paleozoic .
Observers point to the Explorer 's 1969 expeditionary cruise to Antarctica as the frontrunner for today 's sea-based tourism in that region .
The Russian libretto was written by Shostakovich , Yevgeny Zamyatin , Georgy Ionin , and Alexander Preis , and is based on the story The Nose by Nikolai Gogol .
In 2002 , she competed internationally for the first time at the Triglav Trophy , where she won the gold medal in the novice competition .
The Georgian alphabet -LRB- -LSB- kartuli damts ` erloba -RSB- , literally '' Georgian script '' -RRB- is the writing system currently used to write the Georgian language and other South Caucasian -LRB- Kartvelian -RRB- languages -LRB- Mingrelian , Svan and sometimes Laz -RRB- , and occasionally other languages of the Caucasus -LRB- such as Ossetic and Abkhaz in the 1940s -RRB- .
He also played Agent Michael Malone in the 1993 remake of the 1950s television series The Untouchables , as well as portraying Professor Maximillian Arturo in Sliders , King Richard I in Robin of Sherwood , General Leonid Pushkin in the James Bond film The Living Daylights , and Macro in I , Claudius .
The province was split from El Seibo in 1984 .
Delegates of the IPC are also members of the IOC and participate on IOC committees and commissions .
The series focuses on a girl who lives a double life as an average teenage school girl named Miley Stewart -LRB- played by Miley Cyrus -RRB- by day and a famous pop singer named Hannah Montana by night , concealing her real identity from the public , other than her close friends and family .
His best known work was the opera The Immortal Hour .
On 17 October 1995 Calment reached 120 years and 238 days to become the '' oldest person ever '' according to Guinness , surpassing Shigechiyo Izumi of Japan , whose own claim -LRB- 120 years 237 days old at the time of his death on 21 February 1986 , Calment 's 111th birthday -RRB- has also been subject to considerable doubt .
Constructed at Crewe Works in 1954 , the Duke , as it is popularly known , was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class locomotive number 46202 Princess Anne , which was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952 .
A zero digit is not always necessary in a positional number system , for example , in the number 02 .
The Pilgrim 's Progress from This World to That Which Is to Come is a Christian allegory written by John Bunyan and published in February , 1678 .
Dennis '' Denny '' Green -LRB- born February 17 , 1949 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania -RRB- is an American football head coach for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League .
He was the second to perform the Horn Concerto No. 2 publicly in 1948 .
CCR was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Medications such as melatonin , a naturally occurring sleep aid , or other wake promoting agents or short term sleep aids can be beneficial .
In 1857 , a party of Chinese miners en route to the Central Victorian gold fields struck gold at the Canton Lead which marked the beginning of great growth in Ararat .
Led the NFL in interception yards in 2004
This gas chamber still exists , together with the associated crematorium , which was reconstructed after the war using the original components , which remained on-site .
It is included in the 1958 Constitution . Member territories and former French colonies possessed substantial autonomy , with France controlling only the currency , defense , foreign affairs and national security strategy .
Lodhran -LRB- -RRB- is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan , located on the northern side of River Sutlej .
' , an epic poem by Nikos Kazantzakis
Mérignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Because of its quality and rarity , this porcelain is much prized by collectors .
The ethnic composition of the city is as follows :
Cincinnati Red Stockings -LRB- 1882 & ndash ; 1889 -RRB-
Giraffatitan was one of the largest animals known to have walked the earth .
Lohengrin is a romantic opera in three acts composed and written by Richard Wagner , first performed in 1850 .
His real name was Pietro Francesco Caletti-Bruni , but he is better known by that of Cavalli , the name of his patron Federico Cavalli , a Venetian nobleman .
Diego Rodolfo Placente -LRB- born 24 April , 1977 in Buenos Aires -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who plays at left-back for Girondins de Bordeaux .
A transitive verb can often drop its object and become intransitive ; or an intransitive verb can take an object and become transitive .
1692 & ndash ; John Henley , English clergyman -LRB- d. 1759 -RRB-
John Edward Gray , FRS -LRB- 12 February 1800 -- 7 March 1875 -RRB- was a British zoologist .
He died on 26 March 1827 , during a thunderstorm .
or
In Plato 's early dialogues , the elenchus is the technique Socrates uses to investigate , for example , the nature or definition of ethical concepts such as justice or virtue .
His writings influenced Voltaire and Rousseau , many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers , as well as the American revolutionaries .
Santa MarÃ a la Real de La Almudena is a Catholic cathedral in Madrid .
On June 19 , Benoit wrestled his last match , defeating Elijah Burke in a match to determine who would face CM Punk for the vacated ECW World Championship at Vengeance .
Lesotho , officially the Kingdom of Lesotho , is a landlocked country and enclave , surrounded by the Republic of South Africa .
An environmental assessment has been completed to Steeles Avenue .
Formaldehyde is an organic compound with the formula CH2O . It is the simplest aldehyde , hence its systematic name methanal .
Duruflé became titular organist of St - Étienne - du-Mont in Paris in 1929 , a position he held for the rest of his life .
Pretoria itself was founded in 1855 by Marthinus Pretorius , a leader of the Voortrekkers , who named it after his father Andries Pretorius .
Lorsch is well known for the Lorsch Abbey , which has been named a World Heritage Site .
Lazare Ponticelli -LRB- 24 December 1897 , later transcribed as 7 December â '' 12 March 2008 -RRB- , Knight of Vittorio Veneto , was the last surviving officially recognized veteran of the First World War from France and the last poilu of its trenches to die .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September , 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership and Heineken Cup .
Centauri may be pronounced or .
1 , 1 , 2 & 3 are the first 4 numbers of the Fibonacci Sequence .
However , with the assistance of the KCIA , his allies in the legislature succeeded in amending the Constitution to allow the current president -- himself -- to run for three consecutive terms .
Terry Nation -LRB- 8 August 1930 â '' 9 March 1997 -RRB- was a Welsh novelist and screenwriter .
It is home to the North America 's largest mall , West Edmonton Mall -LRB- which was the world 's largest mall for 23 years from 1981 until 2004 -RRB- , and Fort Edmonton Park , Canada 's largest living history museum .
After a hesitant two-year courtship , Abraham Lincoln , age 33 , married Mary Todd , age 23 , on November 4 , 1842 , at the home of Mrs. Edwards in Springfield , Illinois .
Trenton is a city in Todd County , Kentucky , United States .
The single-tier local authority of the city is now Hull City Council , headquartered in the Guildhall in the city centre .
However , his name was later pulled from the event 's official website .
Ashtian County is a county in Markazi Province in Iran .
Mazatlán -LRB- -RRB- is a city in the Mexican state of Sinaloa ; the surrounding municipio -LRB- municipality -RRB- for which the city serves as the municipal seat is also called Mazatlán .
Thoa Mehram Khan is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
On March 18 , 2011 , Comedy Central aired Give it up for Greg Giraldo , a one-hour television special honoring his memory in which multiple comedians , including Jon Stewart , Nick Swardson , Colin Quinn , Denis Leary , Sarah Silverman , Dave Attell , Tom Papa , Lewis Black , Daniel Tosh , and Conan O'Brien , talked about his life , career , and memories of him .
History The county was formed on December 29 , 1792 from Mecklenburg County .
After crossing Florida , Hurricane Hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as Tropical Storm Erika late on August 14 while located 85 miles -LRB- 135 km -RRB- west of Fort Myers .
One of the most common was to add an ever-increasing amount of cache memory on-die .
__ NOTOC __
Rick Lee and Steve Calhoon were both previous members of the band Skeleton Key , a befriended band Brainiac had toured with .
In 1945 Bartók composed his Piano Concerto No. 3 , a graceful and almost neo-classical work , and he began work on his Viola Concerto .
In its first -LRB-/O1801/O-RRB- and second -LRB-/O1802/O-RRB- editions , Juba , an African servant on a plantation in Jamaica , marries an English farm-girl named Lucy .
Mexican motion picture star Rocío Verdejo -LRB- Los Justos , Corazón Marchito -RRB- plays Adriana , Sofia 's envious '' friend '' and assistant .
It was marked by the reunification of Southern and Northern China and the construction of the Grand Canal , though it was a relatively short Chinese dynasty .
Sayyed Though they are not big in numbers they are an active people and occupy important positions in all sectors .
The team , founded by former F1 driver Aguri Suzuki , was based in Tokyo , Japan but operated from the former Arrows factory in Leafield , UK .
Aksai Chin is one of the two main border dispute areas between India and the People 's Republic of China , the other dispute being the one over Arunachal Pradesh , which is administered by India and claimed by China as South Tibet .
The single , '' Te wo Tsunaide '' did slightly better than '' My Lover '' , peaking at # 50 .
The city motto Urbs Intacta Manet Waterfordia -LRB- '' Waterford remains the untaken city '' -RRB- was granted by King Henry VII of England in 1497 after Waterford refused to recognize the claims of the pretenders Lambert Simnel and Perkin Warbeck to the English throne .
Modern experiments have tested claims that Archimedes designed machines capable of lifting attacking ships out of the water and setting ships on fire using an array of mirrors .
It has a border crossing to the Haitian town Belladère .
In Düsseldorf there are about 170 national and international financial institutions , and about 130 insurance agencies , and one of the biggest German stock exchanges .
Cap-Ha Ã tien -LRB- Okap or Kapayisyen in KrÃ yÃ l -RRB- is a city of about 190,000 people on the north coast of Haiti .
'' Fuckin ' Perfect '' -LRB- also known as '' Perfect '' -RRB- is a song by American singer-songwriter Pink .
It borders on -LRB- clockwise from the East -RRB- the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg , France , and the Belgian provinces of Namur and Liège .
The United States made at least two attempts to kill Saddam with targeted air strikes , but both failed to hit their target , killing civilians instead .
Gordini competed in Formula One from 1950 to 1956 .
Sergiu Celibidache -LRB- ; June 28 , 1912 â '' August 14 , 1996 -RRB- was a Romanian conductor .
but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor jin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
A Power Purchase Agreement -LRB- PPA -RRB- is a legal contract between an electricity generator -LRB- provider -RRB- and a power purchaser -LRB- host -RRB- .
Julia O'Hara Stiles -LRB- born March 28 , 1981 -RRB- is an American stage and film actress .
Adaptation is the process that makes organisms better suited to their habitat .
Concept learning is the induction of a concept -LRB- category -RRB- from observations
Retrieved on 2 June 2007 .
The genetic or ethnic origins of the Maltese people is undecided to historians and geneticists .
In 2003 the population of the French part of the island voted in favour of secession from Guadeloupe in order to form a separate overseas collectivity -LRB- COM -RRB- of France .
Their marriage ended in 1964 , and in that same year , Davis met his second wife at an Iranian diplomatic party in London .
Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited -LRB- operating as Virgin Atlantic -RRB- is a British airline owned by Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group -LRB- 51 % -RRB- and Singapore Airlines -LRB- 49 % -RRB- .
Zinc sulfide is insoluble in water and solutions containing Zn2 + readily precipitate ZnS in the presence of sulfide ions -LRB- e.g. , from H2S -RRB- .
Behind their neck are small scales which resemble spikes , known as tuberculate scales .
It was held in Glasgow between 26 April and 26 September 1988 .
The town of Guernica is united in one municipality with neighbouring Luno -LRB- '' Lumo '' in Basque -RRB- , Gernika-Lumo .
Education and internment Ellis was the son of Abraham Charles Ellis , a general manager of the Metropolitan Railway , and Isabelle Flockart Carswell .
Any manipulated image where the encyclopedic value is materially affected should be posted to Files for deletion .
The Russian First Division is the second level of Russian professional football .
Johan Alexander Santana Araque -LRB- Ë joÊ hÉ ` Ë n sÃ nË tÃ nÉ ; born March 13 , 1979 -RRB- is a Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- left-handed starting pitcher who is currently playing for the New York Mets . He is a native of Venezuela .
Winona State University -LRB- also known as '' WSU '' -RRB- is a comprehensive , public university in Winona , Minnesota , United States with more than 8,600 enrolled undergraduate and graduate students .
The interstate 's southern end is in New Haven , Connecticut at Interstate 95 ; its northern end is at Derby Line , Vermont , a village in the town of Derby , at the Canadian border , where it continues as Autoroute 55 .
The Arrernte Aboriginal peopleArrernte Aboriginal Art and Culture Centre Alice Springs have made their home in the Central Australian desert in and around the site of the future Alice Springs for more than 50,000 years .
She wanted to become a marine biologist but changed her mind after seeing the movie Jaws .
In the television show Strangers with Candy , Jerri Blank 's P.E. class is seen to have mechanical bull riding .
Belle Haven , Fairfax County , Virginia
The Syston and Peterborough Railway , being part of the route , was built by Midland Railway and opened in 1846 .
'' Household ammonia '' or '' ammonium hydroxide '' is a solution of NH3 in water .
This release is different to the bonus disc found on the original album 's deluxe edition in that it excludes the remixes of '' SOS '' and of the bonus tracks '' Cry '' and '' Haunted '' .
Many adherents of Thelema , none more so than Crowley , recognize correlations between Thelemic and other systems of spiritual thought ; most borrow freely from the methods and practices of other traditions , including alchemy , astrology , qabalah , tantra , tarot divination , and yoga .
Course The river drops rapidly in a 75 kilometer run to swampy Lake Hula , which is slightly above sea level .
The Continental Army was forced to abandon Manhattan after the disastrous Battle of Fort Washington on November 16 , 1776 .
When the Long Island Rail Road 's new station , below the existing levels , opens -LRB- see East Side Access -RRB- , Grand Central will offer a total of 75 tracks and 48 platforms .
Link all dates , even if repeated , to allow date-format preferences .
A bushel is an imperial and U.S. customary unit of dry volume , equivalent in each of these systems to 4 pecks or 8 gallons .
In 1982 , he was severely injured in an auto accident in Philadelphia , resulting in his being paralyzed from the waist down .
Her body was temporarily buried at Burhanpur in a walled pleasure garden known as Zainabad originally constructed by Shah Jahan 's uncle Daniyal on the bank of the Tapti River .
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service -LRB- NIFRS -RRB- -LRB- formerly Northern Ireland Fire Brigade -RRB- is the statutory fire and rescue service for Northern Ireland .
Football Club Catanzaro is a football club based in Catanzaro , Calabria , southern Italy .
Along with several of these models , she appeared in the 2008 Pirelli Calendar .
Debian -LRB- -RRB- is a computer operating system composed of software packages released as free and open source software especially under the GNU General Public License and other free software licenses .
The crossing of four major tributary glaciers from the north is most taxing , and potentially high nullah crossings can be dangerous .
Proteus was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 space probe two months before its Neptune flyby in August 1989 .
About 1759 , Pascal Paoli , who often came to Balagne , decided to equip Corsica with a port in the north west of the island to try to cut the sea traffic between Genoa and Calvi .
It has been designated S\/2001 -LRB- 107 -RRB- 1 but has not yet received an official name .
1897 & ndash ; Alfredo Bracchi , Italian author -LRB- d. 1976 -RRB-
He became a community leader and amongst other things contracted to build the first courthouse in 1837-38 .
The town is near lake Ciecere , which contains a large deposit of limestone , which is used in the manufacture of cement .
The southern area was centered about 200 miles -LRB- 320 km -RRB- south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina and ultimately became Tropical Storm Beryl , while the northern area was centered about 290 miles -LRB- 470 km -RRB- south-southeast of Cape Cod , Massachusetts .
He is the founder of the Awami League , one of the two major political parties of Bangladesh .
In this way he refuted Galen 's miasma theory -LRB- poison gas in sick people -RRB- .
Fresh wasabi leaves can be eaten , having the hot flavor of wasabi roots .
This sort of title-giving was common in medieval and Renaissance times Cf Lorenzo il Magnifico and Richard the Lionheart
James Earl '' Jimmy '' Carter , Jr. -LRB- born October 1 , 1924 -RRB- served as the 39th President of the United States -LRB- 1977 â '' 1981 -RRB- and was the recipient of the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize , the only U.S. President to have received the Prize after leaving office .
The national language is Malay , while English is used virtually exclusively as the working language and in general conversation .
Mary Therese Winifred Robinson -LRB- ; born 21 May 1944 -RRB- served as the seventh , and first female , President of Ireland , serving from 1990 to 1997 , and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , from 1997 to 2002 .
There are two types of plastics : thermoplastics and thermosets .
In September 1994 , influenced by Renaissance icon Benvenuto Cellini -LRB- who stated that a well-rounded man is an artist , warrior and philosopher -RRB- , he left Mind Funk to join the Army 2nd Ranger Battalion and the Special Forces , serving tours in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The multi-award-winning Tres Navarre mystery series , intended for adults , follows the fast-paced adventures of an erudite Texan private eye . Riordan also helped create the young adult series The 39 Clues ; he authored several of its books , including The Maze of Bones , which topped the New York Times Best Seller list on September 28 , 2008 .
The Icelandic alphabet is notable for its retention of two old letters which no longer exist in the English alphabet : Ã , Ã 3\/4 -LRB- Ã 3\/4 orn , anglicised as '' thorn '' -RRB- and Ã , Ã -LRB- eÃ , anglicised as '' eth '' or '' edh '' -RRB- , representing the voiceless and voiced '' th '' sounds as in English thin and this respectively .
U.S. Route 66 -LRB- also known as the Will Rogers Highway after the humorist , and colloquially known as the '' Main Street of America '' or the '' Mother Road '' -RRB- was a highway within the U.S. Highway System .
The armature is another set of coils wound round a central shaft and is connected to the field windings through '' brushes '' which are spring loaded contacts pressing against an extension of the armature called the commutator .
When Lisa finds out Homer has only been using her for gambling , she refuses to speak to her father until he fully understands her .
Players on one team -LRB- the batting team -RRB- take turns hitting against the pitcher of the other team -LRB- the fielding team -RRB- , which tries to stop them from scoring runs by getting hitters out in any of several ways .
Global Handwashing Day is a campaign to motivate and mobilize millions around the world to wash their hands with soap .
The last stop of his 11 days concert tour was in Copenhagen , Denmark on March 17 .
Writing in the Daily Telegraph in November 2003 , Nigel Short claimed that '' Tony was insanely jealous of my success , and his inability to accept that he was no longer Britain 's number one was an indication of , if not a trigger for , his descent into madness . ''
In the early 1920s , he moved back to Barbados , and lived at Ilaro Court , which had been designed and built by Lady Gilbert Carter .
The tournament was won by France , who beat Brazil 3-0 in the final .
All willful acts that are intended to be detrimental to the best interests of the government and that do not fall into the categories of treason , sedition , sabotage , or espionage are placed in the category of subversive activity .
Goals Against Average -LRB- GAA -RRB- is a statistic used in ice hockey , water polo , lacrosse , and soccer that is the mean of goals allowed per game by a goaltender .
Such systems include for instance , a system for secure electronic mail which might include methods for digital signatures , cryptographic hash functions , key management techniques , and so on .
Andrea Leadsom -LRB- C -RRB-
He overthrew Jie , the last ruler of the Xia dynasty .
Two other tinker fairies , Bobble -LRB- Rob Paulsen -RRB- and Clank -LRB- Jeff Bennett -RRB- , teach her their craft , and tell her about the fairies who visit the mainland to bring each season .
Tuatara are greenish brown , and measure up to 80 cm -LRB- 32 in -RRB- from head to tail-tip with a spiny crest along the back , especially pronounced in males .
Studies in the 2000s have given rise to the hypothesis that large amounts of dust reduce the strength of tropical cyclones .
NUTS is thus in some extent similar to the ISO 3166-2 standard , as well as the FIPS 10-4 standard of the United States .
None of the album 's songs have ever been performed in concert by Pink Floyd , although some have been performed live by Waters during solo tours .
Rather than fight , the majority survived by fleeing to neighboring states where ruling families were tolerant of their radical belief in adult baptism .
In 1842 his father brought home a '' great piece of news '' , and while young John Lubbock initially thought that it might be a new pony and was disappointed that the news was just that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village , he was soon a frequent visitor to Down House , and became the closest of Darwin 's younger friends .
Ecological yield is the harvestable population growth of an ecosystem .
Opinions vary about the number of classes of molluscs -- for example the table below shows eight living classes , and two extinct ones .
Hanna Miller '' American Pie , '' American Heritage , April\/May 2006 .
The new titles are members of the Pokémon series of role-playing games , and are currently in development by Game Freak for the Nintendo DS .
The former governed Romania from 1990 until 1996 through several coalitions and governments with Ion Iliescu as head of state .
These genera are all closely related and share similar characteristics of dense , slender green stems and very small leaves , which are adaptations to dry growing conditions .
They are often used to create separation or merge lanes during road construction projects or automobile accidents , although heavier , more permanent markers or signs are used if the diversion is to stay in place for a long period of time .
The University of Kansas -LRB- often referred to as KU or just Kansas -RRB- is a public research university with campuses located in Lawrence , Kansas City , Kansas , and Overland Park , Kansas , with the main campus being located atop Mount Oread in Lawrence .
It has been included in a number of compilations on many platforms ; on June 11 , 2007 , the game was made available on the Wii 's Virtual Console , and released for Xbox Live Arcade on September 12 , 2007 .
Saint - Ã milion Gascon Sent Milion is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Societies were also required to pay excess profits tax , although their co-operative nature meant they made no profits .
Darwin then wrote The Loves of the Plants , a long poem , which was a popular rendering of Linnaeus ' works .
Although the orchestra is widely acknowledged as one of the world 's finest , in the 1990s it came in for some criticism by feminist groups because until 1997 it did not allow women to become full members of the orchestra -LRB- although some women performed with the orchestra , they were not full members -RRB- .
This association may be based on limerence , love and liking , regular business interactions , or some other type of social commitment .
Pierre de Frédy , Baron de Coubertin -LRB- 1 January 1863 2 September 1937 -RRB- was a French pedagogue and historian who is best known as the founder of the International Olympic Committee .
The original and most famous was operated by the Delmonico family during the 19th and early 20th centuries , closing due to a Prohibition-era slowdown in 1923 .
Maggie Smith as Minerva McGonagall , the Deputy Headmistress , head of Gryffindor and Transfiguration teacher at Hogwarts .
Economy Dunkirk has the third largest harbour in France , after those of Le Havre and Marseilles .
They evolved gradually from the 6th century onward to accommodate for an increase in trade -LRB- mainly with Arab merchants -RRB- , population growth , and further centralised urbanisation ; developing into what would later become known as the Swahili City-States .
The color of the day system is not known by most of the public but it is written about a lot by newspapers , and by writers and can sometimes be seen on episodes of television shows such as NYPD Blue and recently .
April 3 & ndash ; Bartolomé Esteban Murillo , Spanish painter -LRB- b. 1618 -RRB-
The exactly opposite properties of the two kinds of electrification justify us in indicating them by opposite signs , but the application of the positive sign to one rather than to the other kind must be considered as a matter of arbitrary convention , just as it is a matter of convention in mathematical diagram to reckon positive distances towards the right hand .
Dad Khan Jarwar is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan , it has a population of 65,295 .
Torre -LRB- plurals torri and torres -RRB- means tower in six Romance languages -LRB- Portuguese , Spanish , Galician , Catalan , Italian and Corsican -RRB- and may refer to :
A double bar-line -LRB- or double bar -RRB- can consist of two single bar-lines drawn close together , separating two sections within a piece , or a bar-line followed by a thicker bar-line , indicating the end of a piece or movement .
Designed by architects Peter Eisenman of New York and Richard Trott of Columbus , the center opened in 1989 .
New Line Cinema operated several divisions , including theatrical distribution , marketing , home video , and was a partner in new -LRB- and relatively short-lived -RRB- distribution company called Picturehouse .
Clare is a small town on the north bank of the River Stour in Suffolk , England .
Other notably popular characters through the years have been The Little Twin Stars -LRB- created by Mr. Tsuji himself -RRB- , My Melody , Keroppi , Tuxedo Sam , Badtz-Maru , Kuromi , Charmmy Kitty , Pochacco , Chococat , and Cinnamoroll .
From protest to resistance : 1965 -- 1968 In February 1965 , United States President Lyndon Johnson dramatically escalated the war in Vietnam by bombing North Vietnam in Operation Flaming Dart and introducing ground troops directly involved in fighting the Viet Cong in the South .
Nevertheless , the Treptichnus pedum , a reference ichnofossil for the lower boundary of the Cambrian , its usage for the stratigraphic detection of this boundary is always risky because of occurrence of very similar trace fossils belonging to the Treptichnids group well below the T. pedum in Namibia , Spain and Newfoundland , and possibly , in the western USA .
Its capital was kept at Aguayo , which would later be renamed Ciudad Victoria .
59 people were killed in Sinaloa .
The National Three Peaks Challenge is a mountain-endurance challenge in Great Britain , with a history of over 40 years , in which participants attempt to climb the highest peaks of each of the island 's three countries .
Bad Zurzach was previously known as Zurzach ; the population voting for the official name change in a referendum of 21 May 2006 .
March & ndash ; Dafydd ap Gruffydd , brother of Prince of Wales Llywelyn the Last , attacks an English castle ; his brother feels compelled to support him despite being unprepared for war .
Britain and the British Empire -LRB- including the eastern part of what is now the United States -RRB- adopted the Gregorian calendar in 1752 , by which time it was necessary to correct by 11 days . Wednesday , 2 September 1752 was followed by Thursday , 14 September 1752 .
In 2006 , a new version of Furby baby was released , with most notable features being the new look and a more '' baby-ish '' appearance in contrast to the Emoto-Tronic Furby adult .
He devoted all his energy to the magazine , and rarely left its offices at St John 's Gate , Clerkenwell .
Graham said that his planned retirement was because of his failing health .
For the UK release of the film , it was simply titled Cinderella : A Twist in Time , without mention of it being a sequel .
Hersch Lauterpacht , one of the theory 's main proponents , suggested that it is a state 's duty to grant recognition as a possible solution .
In , his contract was purchased by the New York Giants .
Poles then voted to join the European Union in a referendum in June 2003 , with Poland becoming a full member on 1 May 2004 .
He studied at the Musikhochschule -LRB- music conservatory -RRB- in Basel , Switzerland , where he studied with Jean-Jacques Kantorow .
Modern didgeridoo designs are distinct from the traditional Australian Aboriginal didgeridoo , and are innovations recognized by musicologists .
Arthur Fiedler was the conductor who did the most to increase the fame of the Boston Pops , over his tenure from 1930 to 1979 .
Montchauvet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
During winter they are visited for skiing , lifted and back country respectively .
Joseph Kosinski makes his feature film directorial debut with Tron : Legacy , while the previous film director , Steven Lisberger , returns as a producer .
An inauguration is a formal ceremony to mark the beginning of a leader 's term of office . An example is the ceremony in which the President of the United States officially takes the oath of office .
A native of Seminole , Florida and an alum of Seminole Senior High School , Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in the field of meteorology at the University of Kansas .
The first album , where all of the songs were written by Öncel herself , was published in 1992 , by the title '' Bir Hadise Var '' -LRB- '' There is an Issue '' -RRB- .
In the Udden-Wentworth scale -LRB- due to Krumbein -RRB- , silt particles range between and mm -LRB- 3.9 to 62.5 m -RRB- , larger than clay but smaller than a sand .
Sacher-Masoch edited the Leipzig-based monthly literary magazine Auf der HÃ he .
During the day they remain cool by staying in the water or mud ; reproduction and childbirth both occur in water .
Gillis has released four LPs on the record label Illegal Art and EPs on 333 and 12 Apostles .
Hartlepool United Football Club are an English football team from Hartlepool playing in League One .
In May 2008 , police in Sydney , Australia , raided an exhibition by the photographer Bill Henson featuring images of naked children on allegations of child pornography .
Marquette is a major port on Lake Superior , primarily for shipping iron ore and is the home of Northern Michigan University .
In 1970 , Lefebvre founded the Society of St. Pius X -LRB- SSPX -RRB- , which is still the world 's largest Traditionalist Catholic priestly society .
Henry Walter Bates FRS FLS FGS -LRB- Leicester , 8 February 1825 & ndash ; London , 16 February 1892 -RRB- was an English naturalist and explorer who gave the first scientific account of mimicry in animals .
A topological space in which the points are functions is called a function space .
The first concert hall of the orchestra was destroyed in 1944 .
Amun , reconstructed Egyptian YamÄ nu -LRB- also spelled Amon , Amoun , Amen , and rarely Imen or Yamun , Greek á 1\/4 Î 1\/4 Î 1\/4 Ï Î 1\/2 Ammon , and á 1\/4 Î 1\/4 Î 1\/4 Ï Î 1\/2 Hammon -RRB- , was a god in Egyptian mythology who in the form of Amun-Ra became the focus of the most complex system of theology in Ancient Egypt .
The Iron Curtain is a a word related to the Cold War .
The Royal Exhibition Building is a World Heritage Site-listed building in Melbourne , Australia , completed in 1880 .
The Chambeshi River in Zambia is generally taken as the source of the Congo in line with the accepted practice worldwide of using the longest tributary , as with the Nile River .
Shaun Cameron Wright-Phillips -LRB- born 25 October 1981 in Greenwich , London -RRB- is an English football player and is currently playing in his second spell at Premier League side Manchester City .
Raymond Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the United States , and his nephew , singer Wyclef Jean , who was called upon by PrÃ val to become a '' roving ambassador '' for Haiti , also pleaded for aid and donations .
James Abrams , '' Hail in the Begging Bowl : The Odyssey and Poetry of Santoka , '' Monumenta Nipponica 32 , -LRB-/O1977/O-RRB- , 271 .
The color pattern consists of olive green background overlaid with black blotches along the length of the body .
Presenting his visions for Germany , KÃ hler also said that '' Germany should become a land of ideas '' , and emphasized the importance of globalization , and that Germany would have to compete for its place in the 21st century .
George Frideric Handel -LRB- German : Georg Friedrich Händel ; -RRB- -LRB- 23 February 1685 -- 14 April 1759 -RRB- was a German-British Baroque composer who is famous for his operas , oratorios , and concertos .
The 2007 Formula One espionage controversy , also known as '' Spygate , '' or '' Stepneygate '' involves allegations that the McLaren Formula One team was passed confidential technical information from the Ferrari team , and that the Renault F1 team was passed confidential technical information from the McLaren team .
The building was constructed in the late 1800s , and in 1906 the first Chilean casino was established there .
In human kind , mutual grooming is quite related to social grooming , which is defined as the process by which human beings fulfill one of their basic instincts , such as socializing , cooperating and learning from each other .
With the Young Americans sessions mostly concluded in late 1974 , the material was delayed while Bowie extricated himself from his contract with manager Tony DeFries .
Jebel Barkal or Gebel Barkal is a very small mountain located some 400 km north of Khartoum , in Karima town in Northern State in Sudan , on a large bend of the Nile River , in the region called Nubia .
Mounted on this board is some power circuitry and a small number of surface-mounted integrated circuits -LRB- ICs -RRB- .
The show became enormously successful and Boreanaz starred in a spin-off series , Angel , which gave the character a chance to evolve and concentrated on Angel 's battle for redemption .
Located 2.4 km from Flinders Street Station , Melbourne 's central suburban railway station , Richmond station is located close to the Melbourne Cricket Ground , Punt Road Oval and Melbourne Park , so is often busy during sporting and other special events .
William St Clair , in his biography of the Godwins and the Shelleys , notes that '' it is easy to forget in reading of these crises the lives of the Godwins and the Shelleys how unrepresentative the references in surviving documents may be .
Huáscar Inca -LRB- Quechua : Waskar Inka , of uncertain meaning , said to be related to his birthplace Huascarpata ; 1503 1532 -RRB- was Sapa Inca of the Inca empire from 1527 to 1532 AD , succeeding his father Huayna Capac and brother Ninan Cuyochi , both of whom died of smallpox while campaigning near Quito .
He also played 2 games for the England Under-23 team .
Its first true inn opened in the 1770s , in the street then called Berliner Straße -LRB- now Otto-Suhr-Allee -RRB- , and many other inns and beer gardens were to follow , popular for weekend parties especially .
This concept was somewhat abandoned when chief competitor World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- began offering three-hour PPV events on a monthly basis , forcing the WWF to do the same .
Busnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
July 22 & ndash ; Battle of St. Jakob an der Sihl : Zürich is barely defeated .
For more information , see the article about Ethnic groups .
Upazilas -LRB- Sub-districts -RRB- Faridpur district consists of 9 upazilas , 4 municipalities , 79 union parishads , 36 wards , 92 mahallas and 1859 villages .
Lawrencium is a radioactive synthetic element with the symbol Lr -LRB- formerly Lw -RRB- and atomic number 103 .
Chouain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In computer science , real-time computing -LRB- RTC -RRB- , or reactive computing , is the study of hardware and software systems that are subject to a '' real-time constraint '' â '' i.e. , operational deadlines from event to system response .
For the next 19 years , Zheng Jing tried to provide sufficiently for the local inhabitants and reorganize their military forces in Taiwan .
Deux-Jumeaux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In his work , Mein Kampf , Hitler mentioned Esperanto as an example of a language that would be used by an International Jewish Conspiracy once they achieved world domination .
1942 & ndash ; World War II : The Battle of Midway begins .
One legend holds that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a form of boxing in which two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed .
Ashoka the Great was the Governor of this area when he was a prince .
'' F. Cullen , F. Hackman , D. McNeilly , '' Vaudeville History , '' in Vaudeville , Old & New : An Encyclopedia of Variety Performers in America , xi-xxxii -LRB- London : Routledge , 2007 -RRB- .
During the economic culmination of the middle ages , ivory and slaves became a substantial source of revenue .
Cape Horn is widely considered to be the most southerly point of South America , and marks the northern boundary of the Drake Passage ; for many years it was a major milestone on the clipper route , by which sailing ships carried trade around the world .
BoÅ kov is small village near HerÃ lec in the HavlÃ Ä kÅ v Brod District , VysoÄ ina Region of the Czech Republic .
Husk or hull , the outer covering of a fruit or vegetable
The earliest known sauropodomorph , Saturnalia , was small and slender -LRB- 1.5 metres , or 5 feet long -RRB- , but by the end of the Triassic they were the largest dinosaurs of their time , and in the Jurassic\/Cretaceous they kept on growing .
Basic principles Guanine , along with adenine and cytosine , is present in both DNA and RNA , whereas thymine is usually seen only in DNA , and uracil only in RNA .
Gun dogs , also gundogs or bird dogs , are types of dogs developed to assist hunters in finding and retrieving game , usually birds .
Examples of investments include stocks , bonds and real estate .
He quickly established himself in Parliament , becoming a Whip , a Cabinet Office Minister , and then Paymaster General in his first term -LRB- when that role was split between the Cabinet Office and HM Treasury as a policy co-ordination role -RRB- .
Danilo Alvim Faria -LRB- 3 December 1920 -- 16 May 1996 -RRB- was a Brazilian footballer .
Here , middle C is followed by D , -LRB- melodic semitone -RRB- , which is a tone 100 cents sharper than C , and then by both tones together -LRB- harmonic semitone -RRB- .
When played back at a frame rate greater than 10 -- 12 frames per second , a fairly convincing illusion of continuous motion is achieved .
Many forecast an early demise especially in St. Paul where competition with the Minnesota Twins led many local sportswriters to consider it a '' beer league . ''
The Soviet Union begins to jam Voice of America broadcasts .
Software RAID has advantages and disadvantages compared to hardware RAID . The software must run on a host server attached to storage , and server 's processor must dedicate processing time to run the RAID software .
is a side-scrolling platform video game published and developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Also , the joystick must be in the middle position at least once when the implicit '' self calibration '' takes place , even if not explicitly stated .
Darren Michael Potter -LRB- born December 21 , 1984 -RRB- is an English-born Irish footballer who plays for Sheffield Wednesday as a midfielder .
In 2004 , during the band 's final tour , many cities around the United States proclaimed a certain day to be '' Guided by Voices Day '' in that city .
Amharic -LRB- amarÉ Ã Ã a -RRB- is a Semitic language spoken in North Central Ethiopia by the Amhara .
Nobuo Kawakami -LRB- born October 4 , 1947 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Niklas Hjalmarsson -LRB- born June 6 , 1987 -RRB- is a Swedish ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
Condé-en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra -LRB- Dutch : Koninklijk Concertgebouworkest -RRB- is a symphony orchestra of the Netherlands , based at the Concertgebouw -LRB- concert hall -RRB- in Amsterdam .
Phenotypes result from the expression of an organism 's genes as well as the influence of environmental factors and the interactions between the two .
31-Oct-2009 : Another smart-conversion template , as or , can display the related wrench -LRB- spanner -RRB- sizes .
San Francisco de Quito , most often called Quito -LRB- -RRB- , is the capital city of Ecuador in northwestern South America .
Album articles with little more than a track listing may be more appropriately merged into the artist 's main article or discography article , space permitting .
CPython is managed by the non-profit Python Software Foundation .
CarÃ me was set a test by Talleyrand : to create a whole yearâ s worth of menus , without repetition , and using only seasonal produce .
One of the oldest towns in Siberia , Tomsk celebrated its 400th anniversary in 2004 .
Roanoke Island is an island in Dare County near the coast of North Carolina , United States .
Paul Decarlli -- editing
The National Rugby League -LRB- NRL -RRB- is the top league of professional rugby league football clubs in Australasia .
Initially wrought iron wires were used , but today steel is the main material used for wire ropes .
The game was released on Xbox 360 , PlayStation 2 and Xbox .
Located in Washington , D.C. , it sits atop Capitol Hill at the eastern end of the National Mall .
Stefan Elmgren -LRB- born 1974 -RRB- was the guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall from 1997 to 2008 .
LuÃ s dos Santos Luz -LRB- 29 November 1909 -- 27 August 1989 -RRB- was a Brazilian football player .
White Hart Lane station in Tottenham was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway : it opened on 22 July 1872 .
In 1987 he was promoted to the highest rank , Grand-Croix , of the Légion d'honneur .
During the match , after Undertaker executed a Tombstone piledriver , Henry came out and attacked Undertaker , causing the match the end via disqualification .
Although the council had promised to store the complex central core and legs , these too were cut apart during removal , casting doubt on future prospects for the landmark sculpture 's return .
In the third story , '' The Raven '' , Lisa reads '' The Raven '' by Edgar Allan Poe .
In 1968 , he was awarded a football scholarship to the University of Tulsa , where he played middle linebacker under Coach Glenn Dobbs .
Yaqub 's death initiated a period of decline .
It is located about 234 km -LRB- 145 miles -RRB- from the city of São Paulo and has a area of 1,141 km -LRB- 441 mi -RRB- .
500s
Yomi is comparable to Hades or hell and is most commonly known for Izanami 's retreat to that place after her death .
D. W. Harding , following and expanding upon Farrer , argued in his essay '' Regulated Hatred : An Aspect of the Work of Jane Austen '' that Austen 's novels did not support the status quo but rather subverted it .
It is located in the northern part of the Ruhr area .
Taluka Municipal Administration Larkana
Borat greatly admires the political views of Joseph Stalin , and claims that both he and Stalin are strong men with powerful '' khram '' -LRB- genitals -RRB- .
Dunes occur in different forms and sizes , formed by interaction with the wind .
This callsign should not be confused with the tail number of the aircraft , although both can be used as a call-sign as used in general aviation .
Bad Religion has released fifteen studio albums , two EPs , three compilation albums , two live recordings , and two DVDs since their formation .
The ACT test has historically consisted of four tests : English , Mathematics , Reading , and Science Reasoning .
The Wicked Soundtrack -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- - Various Artists
In early 2010 , Wikipedia was growing at the rate of over 1,040 new articles , every day -LRB- see : -RRB- , beyond the sub-standard articles deleted every day .
It was developed and published by Ubisoft in conjunction with Warner Bros. .
Gregory Jack '' Greg '' Biffle -LRB- born December 23 , 1969 in Vancouver , Washington . -RRB-
On the June 12 , 2006 edition of Raw , Vince announced that Triple H would face the Spirit Squad in a 5 on 1 Handicap Gauntlet match .
It was part of Berkshire until the 1974 boundary changes transferred from Berkshire to Oxfordshire , and from the former Wallingford Rural District to the new district of South Oxfordshire .
Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra Rattle made his conducting debut with the Berlin Philharmonic -LRB- BPO -RRB- in 1987 , in a performance of Gustav Mahler 's Symphony No. 6 .
The original Longhorn , based on the Windows XP source code , was scrapped , and Longhorn 's development started anew , building on the Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1 codebase , and re-incorporating only the features that would be intended for an actual operating system release .
Published after her death , they became known as ` The Last Sitting ' .
In ancient civilizations , books were often in the form of papyrus or parchment scrolls , which contained about the same amount of text as a typical chapter in a modern book .
Down is an American heavy metal\/sludge metal supergroup formed in 1991 in New Orleans , Louisiana .
The fault stretches along the foothills of the Central Mountains in Nantou and Taichung counties .
At the start of the 20th century , American paleontologist Charles Walcott noticed differences in early Paleozoic benthic trilobites of Laurentia -LRB- such as Olenellidae , the so called '' Pacific fauna '' -RRB- , as found in Scotland and western Newfoundland and those of Baltica -LRB- such as Paradoxididae , often called the '' Atlantic fauna '' -RRB- , as found in the southern parts of the British Isles and eastern Newfoundland .
On the advice of her Canadian prime minister only , the Queen appoints the governor general to carry out most of her constitutional and ceremonial duties for an unfixed period of time -- known as serving At Her Majesty 's pleasure -- though five years is the normal convention , as is a rotation between anglophone and francophone incumbents .
After a difficult 2009-10 campaign , they avoided relegation from the first division Bundesliga by beating the third place 2 .
A member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- , he led a coalition government of the SPD and the Greens .
A move that places the opponent 's king in check usually has the notation '' + '' added .
In British culture , a municipality is often referred to as a council .
The most popular answer in the survey was worth $ 500 , the second-most popular $ 250 , and the third most popular $ 100 .
The title '' Minster '' is attributed to churches established in the Anglo Saxon period as missionary teaching churches , and serves now as an honorific title .
The Jewish Defense League -LRB- JDL -RRB- is a Jewish organization whose stated goal is to '' protect Jews from antisemitism by whatever means necessary '' .
On Day 72 , Stuart became the 9th person evicted from the Big Brother House with 59 % of the public vote .
He was the most influential -LRB- though not the first or the only -RRB- poet to introduce Italian Renaissance verse forms , poetic techniques and themes to Spain .
Paul Williams -LRB- British professor -RRB- , professor of Indian and Tibetan Philosophy at the University of Bristol , UK
Denemark 2000 : 274 Europe 's early trading routes included the Amber Road , which served as a dependable network for long distance trade .
Initially called the Style Mucha , -LRB- Mucha Style -RRB- , this soon became known as Art Nouveau .
Pskov is conquered by Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy .
The following is a list of colleges and universities in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The road is designated unsuitable for caravans , trailers and semi-trailers due to its long , narrow , and steep descent down to McKillops Bridge which crosses the Snowy River near its juncture with the Deddick River .
It is possible to have more than one kind of supersymmetry transformation .
Aetingen is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
In 2007 , a book from Baron Cohen was released , titled '' Touristic Guidings to Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan\/Touristic Guidings to Minor Nation of U.S. and A. '' , with humor about both countries in a similar vein to the movie .
The temple was influenced by many beliefs , and can be seen as a symbol of faith for many different peoples .
Another extended version , the Altea XL is also available -LRB- having been first presented at the 2006 Paris Motor Show -RRB- .
Blizzard Of Ozz is one of very few albums to achieve such certification without the benefit of a Top 40 single .
After the match , Snoop Dogg hit Marella with his forearm in the ring and kissed Maria , before leaving with her and Ashley .
The largest deer occur in the temperate regions of Canada and United States . The Northern white-tailed deer -LRB- borealis -RRB- , Dakota white-tailed deer -LRB- dacotensis -RRB- , and Northwest white-tailed deer -LRB- ochrourus -RRB- are some of the largest animals , with large antlers .
Deleting your user pages Where there is no significant abuse and no administrative need to retain the personal information , you can request that your own user page and user subpages be deleted .
Bill Clinton , the incumbent President , was vacating the position after serving the maximum two terms allowed by the Twenty-second Amendment .
Until June 2008 , Gatwick Express was a separate train operating company -LRB- TOC -RRB- owned by National Express , that operated the separate Gatwick Express franchise .
Bairiki is sometimes considered the capital of Kiribati because at one time both the Parliament and the Presidency -LRB- and main administrative offices -RRB- were located there .
As with iftar dinners , congregants usually provide the food for suhoor , although able mosques may provide food instead .
Her vulva , breasts , and swollen belly , are heavily pronounced , suggesting a strong connection to fertility .
email is the form required by IETF Requests for Comment and working groups This spelling also appears in most dictionaries.Reference.com Random House Unabridged Dictionary , 2006The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language , Fourth EditionPrinceton University WordNet 3.0 The American Heritage Science Dictionary , 2002
It was Apple 's first notebook since the PowerBook 2400c without a built-in removable media drive .
World War II : Operation Ariel begins Allied troops start to evacuate France , following Germany 's takeover of Paris and most of the nation .
It is a list of the cheeses used up by the monastery in various activities , either as food or as payment .
The condition attached to the construction was that the Devil would get the soul of the first to pass over the bridge .
Easter Island is now an overseas territory of Chile .
The human VF are roughly 10-15 mm in length , and 3-5 mm thick .
A beautiful valley with the flower of Rose , Chamblali , Sunflower , Bunnaksha is covered by full greenery around it .
They were a gathering of young painters , sculptors , architects , writers and critics who were challenging prevailing modernist approaches to culture as well as traditional views of Fine Art .
The President of Romania is the head of state of Romania .
Anguilcourt-le-Sart is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The circulation could have been interrupted by the introduction of a large amount of fresh water to the North Atlantic , possibly caused by a period of warming before the Little Ice Age known as the Medieval Warm Period .
Lagorce is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Ammonium chlorate is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4ClO3 .
Selens is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
1947 & ndash ; The Princess Elizabeth marries Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten at Westminster Abbey in London .
British Academy Research Readership , 1989-91
Printed books from PediaPress By clicking the '' Order book from PediaPress '' button , your collection of wiki articles can be printed as a bound book .
Five hundred species of marine algae or seaweed live on the reef , including thirteen species of genus Halimeda , which deposit calcareous mounds up to 100 m wide , creating mini-ecosystems on their surface which have been compared to rainforest cover .
1932 & ndash ; Abebe Bikila , Ethiopian athlete -LRB- d. 1973 -RRB-
Source : Exploration of the Valley of the Amazon , vol .2 , by Lieut .
Course of the campaign There were two phases to the operation .
'' Standing beneath this serene sky , overlooking these broad fields now reposing from the labors of the waning year , the mighty Alleghenies dimly towering before us , the graves of our brethren beneath our feet , it is with hesitation that I raise my poor voice to break the eloquent silence of God and Nature .
In 1975 LaVey created controversy within the Church of Satan by phasing out the Church 's '' Grotto '' system and eliminating people he thought were using the Church as a substitute for accomplishment in the outside world .
The Bouncing Souls are a punk rock band from New Brunswick , New Jersey formed in 1987 .
Condé - sur-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Following the invasion of Poland and a German-Soviet treaty governing Lithuania , the Soviet Union forced the Baltic countries to allow it to station Soviet troops in their countries under pacts of '' mutual assistance . ''
Ralph McDonald -- Percussion on '' Fame ''
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The highest of the group is Mount Mitchell in North Carolina at , which is the highest point in the United States east of the Mississippi River .
Strait of Magellan , connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans north of Tierra del Fuego .
By 1170 he had gathered a large number of followers who were referred to as the Poor of Lyons , the Poor of Lombardy , or the Poor of God who would spread their teaching abroad while disguised as peddlers .
Most of these instruments were originally made of wood , but some , such as the saxophone and most flutes , are now commonly made of other materials such as metals or plastics .
Measurements are from recent imagery , generally supplemented with Russian 1:200,000 scale topographic mapping as well as Jerzy Wala , Orographical Sketch Map : Karakoram : Sheets 1 & 2 , Swiss Foundation for Alpine Research , Zurich , 1990 .
1735 & ndash ; Johann Christian Bach , German composer -LRB- d. 1782 -RRB-
Gabriele Oriali -LRB- born November 25 , 1952 -RRB- is a former football player from Italy , who mainly played defensive midfield but could also play as defender .
A U.S. study by Alfred Kinsey found that 75 % of the participants stated that there was never nudity in the home when they were growing up , 5 % of the participants said that there was '' seldom '' nudity in the home , 3 % said '' often '' , and 17 % said that it was '' usual '' .
The 50 states -LRB- four of which have the official title of Commonwealth -RRB- are subdivided into counties -LRB- Louisiana uses the title parish and Alaska uses the title borough -RRB- .
The first observer opens the shutter of his lamp , and , the second , upon seeing the light , immediately opens the shutter of his own lantern .
Sophia of Hanover George I George II Frederick , Prince of Wales George III Prince Edward Victoria Edward VII George V George VI
They are considered inextricably linked to one another because of a ` family likeness ' and a certain commonality in theology : all three claim to be monotheistic -LRB- although both Judaism and Islam doubt Christianity 's right to this description -RRB- , and conceive God to be a transcendent Creator-figure and the source of moral law .
Gouy-Saint-Andr é is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Osiris is first attested in the middle of the Fifth dynasty of Egypt , although it is likely that he was worshipped much earlier ; Griffiths , John Gwyn -LRB-/O1980/O-RRB- .
Robert John Riggins , nicknamed '' The Diesel '' , -LRB- born August 4 , 1949 -RRB- is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the New York Jets and Washington Redskins .
It is 62 km from the city of Livorno by sea , and 32 km northwest of the island of Elba ; it is slightly closer -LRB- at 30 km -RRB- to the French island of Corsica .
The path to the grave is open to the public the path and is through a series of paddocks intersected by gateway sculptures and installations by local artists .
April 5 & ndash ; Janusz Suchywilk , Polish nobleman
Also , there is no need to add words in plural form unless irregular , as the search interface will match -LRB- for example -RRB- billiards as well given a search term of billiard .
Notably , an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on November 15 , 2004 -LRB- soon after 's discovery -RRB- failed to recover the object , while it has been seen again later .
Located in northeastern Spain , the region comprises three provinces from north to south : Huesca , Zaragoza , and Teruel .
Nitric acid -LRB- HNO3 -RRB- , also known as aqua fortis and spirit of nitre , is a highly corrosive and toxic strong acid .
Swindon Town Football Club is a team based in Swindon , Wiltshire .
TO THE GALLERY AT THE END OF THE PAGE , NOT IN THE BODY OF THE ARTICLE .
A coulomb is then equal to exactly 6.241 509 629 152 65 elementary charges .
With Bonnet 's permission , Teach took control of his ship Revenge .
A mechanism that allows trade is called a market .
Pui Ying family The school has close ties with its sister schools such as Guangzhou Pui Ying , Xiguan Pui Ying , Jiangmen Pui Ying , Taishan Pui Ying and Pui Ying Secondary School .
Xerosis -LRB- dry skin -RRB- .
Fans have noticed of late that Barker 's voice has become gravelly and coarse .
The Transmission Control Protocol -LRB- TCP -RRB- is one of the core protocols of the Internet Protocol Suite .
A brief definition of Monophysitist Christology can be given as : '' Jesus Christ , who is identical with the Son , is one person and one hypostas in one nature : divine-human .
It was originally founded in Fort Wayne , Indiana as the Fort Wayne -LRB- Zollner -RRB- Pistons as a member of the National Basketball League in 1941 . The club joined the NBA in 1948 and moved to Detroit in 1957 .
pronunciation as '' cow-Eye '' or '' cow-a-ee '' .
It is important to note that people with similar languages did not always share the same material culture , nor were they always allies .
They called this uptake and incorporation of DNA by bacteria '' transformation . ''
It is located west of Lake Hallwil and covers parts of the Wyna and Suhre valleys .
In total , 17 autonomous communities and 2 autonomous cities were created :
He also kept the Dodgers in contention for the 1951 pennant .
Under William Kirby Laing and James Maurice Laing , the company continued to expand , winning contracts for power stations and diversifying into road construction while continuing to build houses .
After sentencing , the juror forewoman commented regarding the death sentence that , '' They need to do this swiftly .
She debuted in 1997 in a video game Voice Fantasia and for several years had minor roles in various anime .
October 24 -- Second Battle of Bedriacum : Flavians under Antonius Primus defeat the Vitellians .
Named to the NHL First All-Star Team in 1968 .
Super Smash Bros. received mostly positive reviews from the media . It was commercially successful , selling over 4.9 million copies , with 2.93 million copies sold in the United States , and 1.97 million copies sold in Japan .
During the winter of 1929 , Cheung opened his first martial arts school and a traditional Chinese medicine clinic in Bao'an County in Píngsh n -LRB- -RRB- Town and continued to promote the Jook Lum system .
Valparaiso is a city in Okaloosa County , Florida , in the United States , and it is named after the Chilean city of Valparaiso .
At times , the show also spoofs elements of Fear Factor and Iron Chef .
Lice -LRB- singular : louse -RRB- , -LRB- order Phthiraptera -RRB- , also known as fly babies or Nits , are an order of over 3,000 species of wingless insects ; three of which are classified as human disease agents .
Because the long-wave service can be received clearly at sea around the coasts of Britain and Ireland , Radio 4 carries these regular weather forecasts for shipping and gale warnings .
Bill may refer to :
'' Fame '' is a song recorded by David Bowie , initially released in 1975 .
It is found in eastern-central and southern Brazil , Paraguay , and eastern Bolivia , and extreme northeast Argentina , in the cerrado , pantanal , and the southeastern region of the Amazon Basin .
He was able to establish the plant in the field , and after 39 years of field trials was able to show that the autopolyploid was not as successful as its diploid parent in an unchanging environment .
It can denote a prince or a feudal superior -LRB- especially a feudal tenant who holds directly from the king , i.e. , a baron -RRB- .
However , historian of anarchism Paul Avrich contends that Chernyi was executed in September of that year rather than August .
After the re-release , Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded , the album soared from number fifty-nine to number twelve , having the '' greatest gainer '' certification , before rising to number five later in its chart run .
Wonderwall is the title of a 1968 film by then first-time director Joe Massot that starred Jack MacGowran , Jane Birkin , Richard Wattis , Irene Handl , and Iain Quarrier , and featured cameos by Anita Pallenberg and Dutch designers The Fool -LRB- who were also set designers for the film -RRB- .
On 28 March 2008 , the Indonesian Supreme Court rejected Corby 's final appeal against her sentence .
They were celebrated until 393 AD when they were suppressed by Theodosius I as part of the campaign to impose Christianity as a state religion .
Female insects and other invertebrates also have a vagina , which is the terminal part of the oviduct .
1966 & ndash ; The city of Tashkent is destroyed by a huge earthquake .
Hans Moleman is a recurring character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
The stage is situated on a small island , and spectators sit on the surrounding hillsides on lawn chairs or blankets .
Anselm leaves Italy .
France is one of the founding members of the European Union , and has the largest land area of all members .
The winner of the AES contest , Rijndael , supports key sizes of 128 , 192 , and 256 bits , but the block size is always 128 bits . The extra key sizes were not adopted by the AES standard .
It can also be found on the international editions of Beyoncé 's solo debut album Dangerously in Love .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
-- -RRB-
Their first demo , '' Rivfader '' -LRB- '' Ripfather '' -RRB- , was recorded about a year later , in 1998 .
Kakuichi Mimura -LRB- born 16 August 1931 in Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player and manager .
The larva spins a nest out of silk on the ceiling of the cave and then hangs down as many as 70 threads of silk -LRB- called snares -RRB- from around the nest , each up to 30 or 40 cm long and holding droplets of mucus .
Up to the middle of the 18th century , when Quetta finally passed into the hands of Brahvi rulers , the history of Pishin is identical with the province of Kandahar .
An efficient error correction algorithm for BCH codes -LRB- and therefore Reed -- Solomon codes -RRB- was discovered by Berlekamp in 1968 .
While Lennon 's lyrics were inspired by contemporary newspaper articles , McCartney 's were reminiscent of his youth .
Cunard redirects here . For other uses , see Cunard -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
The remaining nine mutineers , six Tahitian men , and eleven Tahitian women then settled on Pitcairn Island where they stripped the Bounty of all that could be floated ashore before Matthew Quintal set it on fire .
The Uffizi Gallery -LRB- , -RRB- , is one of the oldest and most famous art museums of the Western world .
A tube is often made to custom sizes and may often have more specific sizes and tolerances than pipe .
However , he lost his role as Head of the Judiciary , as Head of Government in 1961 , as President of Legislative Council in 1980 and finally as President of Tynwald in 1990 .
Ri Han-Jae -LRB- born 27 June 1982 in Kurashiki , Okayama -RRB- is a North Korean football player who played for North Korea in 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification .
Essen was a Bundesliga side in his debut season , a campaign in which those three goals he banged in total 19 appearances could n't avoid their drop down to 2 .
Convergent evolution describes the acquisition of the same biological trait in unrelated lineages .
In Portugal , Spain , Southern France and some Latin American countries , bulls are used in the activity of bullfighting ; a similar activity , Jallikattu , is seen in South India ; in many other countries this is illegal .
He is buried in the PanthÃ on .
Some filming locations are confidential , but many scenes were recorded in places such as the Waitakere Ranges Regional Park , part of the Auckland Regional parks often credited at the end of the episodes .
It is the largest in France , north of the Seine .
In the draft constitution of Tokelau subject to the Tokelauan self-determination referendum in 2006 , Olohega is claimed as part of Tokelau , a claim surrendered in the same 1979 treaty which established a boundary between American Samoa and Tokelau .
The city of Sunderland -LRB- -RRB- is a local government district of Tyne and Wear , in North East England , with the status of a city and metropolitan borough .
August 5 & ndash ; Anti-Jewish riots spread to Toledo , Spain and Barcelona .
The state of the Gepids was commonly known as GepidiaJordanes , Getica , XII .74 : Haec Gotia , quam Daciam appellavere maiores , quae nunc ut diximus Gepidia dicitur -LRB- '' This Gothia , which our ancestors called Dacia , we now call Gepidia . '' -RRB-
The FSF considers these projects '' important because computer users are continually being seduced into using non-free software , because there is no adequate free replacement . ''
Nikolaus ` Klaus ' Barbie -LRB- October 25 , 1913 â '' September 25 , 1991 -RRB- was an SS-Hauptsturmf Ã 1\/4 hrer -LRB- rank approximately equivalent to army captain -RRB- , Gestapo member and war criminal .
Evidence for the efficacy of aromatherapy in treating medical conditions remains poor , with a particular lack of studies employing rigorous methodology , however some evidence exists that essential oils may have therapeutic potential .
Bulgaria became a member of NATO in 2004 and of the European Union in 2007 , and is generally accepted as having an excellent freedom of speech and human rights record .
The club was founded in 1940 , under the name Albacete Fútbol Asociación , being later changed in an attempt to make it sound '' more Spanish '' .
It is often considered a branch of political science .
'' 3.2.4 The automated number plate recognition -LRB- ANPR -RRB- system and the Corporation of London 's traffic and environment zone culminate in what is generally referred to and known as the ` ring of steel ' .
It is not maintained in the US Army inventory any more as it was used concurrently with M4 .
The Data Base Task Group -LRB- DBTG -RRB- was a working group founded in 1965 -LRB- initially named the List Processing Task Force and later renamed to DBTG in 1967 -RRB- by the Cobol Committee , formerly Programming Language Committee , of the Conference of Data Systems Language -LRB- CODASYL -RRB- .
Several other roads across the area were flooded , and on Interstate 95 near Lake Worth , a sinkhole closed two lanes of traffic .
Her first published novel , Rose et Blanche -LRB- 1831 -RRB- , was written in collaboration with Sandeau .
Trang province has an area of approximately 5,000 square km .
It is also used of a split within a non-religious organization or movement or , more broadly , of a separation between two or more people , be it brothers , friends , lovers , etc./O.
Kolo Habib Touré -LRB- born 19 March 1981 -RRB- is an Ivorian professional footballer who currently plays for Premier League club Manchester City and is the current club vice-captain , and also plays internationally for the Ivorian national team .
However , he makes a non-physical appearance as a shadow puppet in the beginning of the film and is briefly mentioned in the middle of the film .
Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas , Nevada formed in 2004 .
Present vaccination strategies for SIV control and prevention in swine farms typically include the use of one of several bivalent SIV vaccines commercially available in the United States .
It is on the corner of Flinders and Swanston Streets next to the Yarra River in the heart of the city , stretching from Swanston Street to Queen Street and covering two city blocks .
The ice sheets also left behind Lake Ontario -LRB- one of the five fresh-water Great Lakes -RRB- , the Genesee River with its waterfalls and gorges , Irondequoit Bay , Sodus Bay , Braddock Bay , Mendon Ponds , numerous local streams and ponds , the Ridge , and the nearby Finger Lakes .
The huge losses suffered by Dundee 's troops , however , coupled with his fatal wounding at the start of the battle , served to remove the only effective resistance to William and the uprising was quickly crushed , suffering a resounding defeat the next month at the Battle of Dunkeld .
link
An angry backlash against disco music and culture emerged in the United States , hitting its peak with the July 1979 Disco Demolition Night riot .
On 15 January 2007 , BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles started a campaign to get '' Honey to the Bee '' back into the Top 100 on download sales as a way of testing out new chart rules that favour download sales .
At a non-televised SmackDown/ECW house show held on March 8 , Montel Vontavious Porter qualified when he defeated Jamie Noble .
Although it originally used the study of the violin to achieve its goals , it has also been adapted for other instruments : flute , recorder , piano , guitar , cello , viola , bass , organ , harp and voice .
In November 2005 , Piper starred as Hero in a BBC adaptation of Much Ado About Nothing , updated for the modern day in a similar manner to the Canterbury Tales series in which she featured , with Hero now being a weather presenter in a television station .
In addition to serving as the reproductive organs of flowering plants , flowers have long been admired and used by humans , mainly to beautify their environment but also as a source of food .
It was first played on January 15 , 1967 , as part of a merger agreement between the NFL and its then-rival league , the American Football League -LRB- AFL -RRB- .
Neunkirchen is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the middle of the Saarland , Germany .
The United States Environment Protection Agency For manufacturers , this includes planning for , and if necessary , paying for the recycling or disposal of the product at the end of its useful life .
This technology is especially useful for powering IP telephones , wireless LAN access points , cameras with pan tilt and zoom -LRB- PTZ -RRB- , remote Ethernet switches , embedded computers , thin clients and LCDs .
Josef Alois Krips -LRB- 8 April 190213 October 1974 -RRB- was an Austrian conductor and violinist .
Punctuation , capitalization , and spacing are usually ignored , although some -LRB- such as '' Rats live on no evil star '' -RRB- include the spacing .
His second teacher was Mimi Zweig , and then he switched to the violinist and pedagogue Josef Gingold after Bell 's parents assured Gingold that they were not interested in pushing their son in the study of the violin but simply wanted him to have the best teacher for his abilities .
For a list of citation templates , see Wikipedia : Citation templates .
The dialects spoken at Calvi and Bonifacio are closer to the Genoa dialect , also known as Ligurian .
Itch is also associated with some symptoms of psychiatric disorders such as tactile hallucinations , delusions of parasitosis or obsessive-compulsive disorders -LRB- as in OCD-related neurotic scratching -RRB- .
Founded in 1950 by Holocaust survivors Samuel Ganz and his sons Jack Ganz and Sam Ganz , it was called Ganz Bros. .
Towards the West , above Uffington , the hills reach a culminating point of 261 m -LRB- 856 ft -RRB- in White Horse Hill .
After the publication of Memoirs of a Geisha , Iwasaki decided to write her real autobiography , contrasting with the fiction of Golden 's book .
The song features vocals from Swedish singer Robyn , and was released on 15 June 2009 as the album 's second single , with remixes from Kris Menace , Chateau Marmont and Spencer & Hill .
The second match was a flag match between Corporal Kirchner and Nikolai Volkoff .
Following a few live dates in Europe , Opeth returned to Studio Fredman to begin work on its next album , with Porcupine Tree 's Steven Wilson producing .
On February 15 , 1931 , Gimnasia defeated Sportverein München 4-0 at Munich , in a game remarkable for being the first match played by an Argentine team on a snow-covered pitch .
The 2009 Jupiter impact event , occasionally referred to as the Wesley impact , was a July 2009 impact on Jupiter that caused a black spot in the planet 's atmosphere .
Put simply , this means that signals between different CPUs travel shorter distances , and therefore those signals degrade less .
Henri Matisse 's two versions of The Dance signified a key point in his career and in the development of modern painting .
Dance Album -LRB-/O1980/O-RRB-
In 1908 the UK unilaterally extended its territory by declaring sovereignty over the territory that is British Antarctic Territory today , as well as South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands .
Traditionally , Geisha began their training at a very young age .
Wotan , as guardian of oaths , is compelled to punish Siegmund and must now promise to leave him to his fate without any protection .
This is a list of wave topics .
The 1967 -- 68 NHL season was the 51st season of the National Hockey League .
Commissioned in 2005 the large steel structure houses a café by daytime and restaurant in the evening .
The following is a list of colleges and universities in the U.S. state of Nebraska .
His most famous work , Concierto de Aranjuez , was composed in 1939 in Paris , and in later life he and his wife declared that it was written as a response to the miscarriage of their first child .
, Geographic Names Information System , accessed September 18 , 2007 .
1810 & ndash ; The marriage of Napoleon and Josephine is annulled .
'' Refinement of Values for the Yard and the Pound '' .
According to the theorem , it is possible to expand the power -LRB- x + y -RRB- n into a sum involving terms of the form ax ` b ` y ` c , where the coefficient of each term is a positive integer , and the sum of the exponents of x and y in each term is n. For example ,
It is located near the cities of Lille and Roubaix and the Belgian border .
The title of Archduke -LRB- feminine : Archduchess -RRB- -LRB- German : Erzherzog , feminine form : Erzherzogin -RRB- denotes a noble rank above Duke and below King , used primarily by princes of the Houses of Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine .
After a five year revolt , Berkuk deposes Hajji II as Mamluk Sultan of Egypt , marking the end of the Bahri dynasty and the start of the Burji dynasty .
Edward Bridge '' Ted '' Danson III -LRB- born December 29 , 1947 -RRB- is an American actor best known for his role as central character Sam Malone in the sitcom Cheers , and his role as Dr. John Becker on the series Becker .
The Bastille -LRB- -RRB- was a fortress-prison in Paris , known formally as Bastille Saint-Antoine -- Number 232 , Rue Saint-Antoine -- best known today because of the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 , which along with the Tennis Court Oath is considered the beginning of the French Revolution .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
Below the shield , the words República Dominicana appear on a red ribbon -LRB- more recent versions , this red ribbon is depicted as having its tips and tassels flexed upward -RRB- .
1811 & ndash ; Father Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla , leader of the Mexican insurgency , is executed by the Spanish in Chihuahua , Mexico .
The elevation of Cape Cod is from , at the top of Pine Hill , in the Bourne portion of the Massachusetts Military Reservation to sea level . The body of water located between Cape Cod and the mainland , bordered to the north by Massachusetts Bay , is Cape Cod Bay ; west of Cape Cod is Buzzards Bay .
As of 2010 , the best published cryptanalysis on the Twofish block cipher is a truncated differential cryptanalysis of the full 16-round version .
There are instruction sets with nearly uniform fields for opcode and operand specifiers , as well as others -LRB- the x86 architecture for instance -RRB- with a more complicated , varied length structure .
It has built-in support for NSS , offering client-to-server message encryption for protocols that support it .
It is joined by the Gilgit River and the Naltar River before it flows into the Indus River .
In talks to church members , he has compared people involved in free sex , including gay people , to '' dirty dung-eating dogs '' and prophesied that '' gays will be eliminated '' in a '' purge on God 's orders . ''
Acq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
King Alfred the Great was born at the royal palace there in the 9th century Wantage appears in the Domesday Book of 1086 .
They were among the preeminent hardcore punk bands of the L.A. scene in the late 1970s .
In Spain and in some parts of the Spanish speaking world , but not all , Spanish is called ' -LRB- Castilian -RRB- as well as ' -LRB- Spanish -RRB- , that is , the language of the Castile region , contrasting it with other languages spoken in Spain such as Galician , Basque , and Catalan .
The Lydian mode -LRB- -RRB- is a major scale with a raised fourth scale degree .
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil , 3rd Marquess of Salisbury , KG , GCVO , PC -LRB- 3 February 1830 â '' 22 August 1903 -RRB- , known as Lord Robert Cecil before 1865 and as Viscount Cranborne from 1865 until 1868 , was a British Conservative statesman and thrice Prime Minister , serving for a total of over 13 years .
Even beyond Pakistan in countries such as Bangladesh , Iran , India and as far as Japan and China .
Solti was music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra -LRB- CSO -RRB- from 1969 until 1991 , when he was made the only Music Director Laureate in that orchestra 's history .
Lake Torrens is a 5,700 square kilometre endorheic saline rift lake in South Australia .
Thespa Kusatsu is a professional football -LRB- soccer -RRB- club based in Gunma Prefecture in Japan .
Lenny weakened to a tropical depression in the open Atlantic two days later and dissipated on November 23 .
Its admissions selectivity declined thereafter , but the school 's number of applications increased in the late 1990s , allowing for greater admissions selectivity since then .
Basic rule -LRB- singular nouns -RRB-
In 1998 , Fleetwood Mac -LRB- Mick Fleetwood , John McVie , Christine McVie , Stevie Nicks , Lindsey Buckingham , Peter Green , Jeremy Spencer and Danny Kirwan -RRB- were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and performed at the Grammy Awards program that year .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
A motorized version of this is found in most automatic ice-making freezers .
It has a molar mass of 35.01 g\/mol .
Leizu -LRB- -RRB- was a legendary Chinese empress and wife of the Yellow Emperor .
In Latin , decem means '' ten '' .
A reconnaissance aircraft flight late on September 7 reported a very elongated center , with peak flight winds of 55 mph -LRB- 90 km/h -RRB- about 100 miles -LRB- 160 km -RRB- northeast of the center .
In popular music , a cover version , or simply cover , is a new performance or recording of a previously recorded , commercially released song or popular song .
She performed '' Holly Jolly Christmas '' for the '' Schools Out Christmas '' album , and sang '' Tossin & Turnin '' in the Oliver Beene episode '' Oliver & Others . ''
John Bodkin Adams -LRB- 21 January 1899 & ndash ; 4 July 1983 -RRB- was an Irish-born British general practitioner , convicted fraudster and suspected serial killer .
CROSSROADS OF TWILIGHT -LRB- Book -RRB- .
Murray was still serving on the Western Front when peace broke out on 11 November 1918 .
Neso -LRB- , or as in Greek Î Î Ï Ï -RRB- , also known as Neptune XIII , is the outermost irregular natural satellite of Neptune .
It opened in 1859 and closed to passengers in 1952 , and to freight in 1963 .
The origin of the word bigot and bigoterie in English dates back to at least 1598 , via Middle French , and started with the sense of '' religious hypocrite '' .
JosÃ Santiago CaÃ izares Ruiz -LRB- born 18 December 1969 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
Unlike the Hilda asteroids , whose eccentricity is fairly typical of main-belt asteroids , Thule has a very low eccentricity â '' actually much lower than that of Jupiter itself and only slightly higher than that of Earth .
The London Passenger Transport Board was formed in 1933 , taking over the London County Council trams .
Paul London
Nagqu Prefecture -LRB- also Naqu or Nagchu -RRB- ; ; Wylie : Nag-chu Sa-khul ; simplified Chinese : é # æ å å ; pinyin : NÃ qÅ '' DÃ qÅ '' -RRB- is the largest prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region .
Death In 1969 , on the eve of his 46th birthday , Marciano was a passenger in a small private plane , a Cessna 172An Article On Marciano At Check Six headed to Des Moines , Iowa .
The book has also been seen as an attempt to redefine masculinity as a necessary step toward the abolition of slavery .
It is quite large , being 30-40 km in diameter , and would be a sizeable asteroid by itself .
It includes the western and southern parts of West Azerbaijan province , Kurdistan Province , Kermanshah Province and Ilam Province .
Many of the songs were taken from the band 's 40-song repertoire at the time , including '' Stories for Boys '' , '' Out of Control '' , and '' Twilight '' .
Bilan represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with '' Never Let You Go '' , finishing second , and he won the contest in 2008 , with the song '' Believe '' .
Daniel Cleary -LRB- born December 18 , 1978 -RRB- is a Canadien professional ice hockey winger playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League . On June 4 , 2008 , Cleary became the first player from Newfoundland and Labrador to get his name on the Stanley Cup when the Red Wings won hockey 's top prize .
Landsberg Prison is a penal facility located in the town of Landsberg am Lech in the southwest of the German state of Bavaria , about 65 k west of Munich and 35 k south of Augsburg .
Events May 23 -- Lothair of Saxony becomes Holy Roman Emperor on the death of Henry V. June 11 -- Battle of Azaz : The Crusaders defeat the Seljuk Turks .
The Los Angeles Kings are a professional ice hockey team based in Los Angeles , California .
C-pop is sometimes used as an umbrella term covering not only Chinese pop but also R&B , ballads , Chinese rock , Chinese hip hop and Chinese ambient music , although Chinese rock branched off as a separate genre during the early 1990s .
Kate Kelly in popular culture In the 2003 film Ned Kelly , Kate is played by Irish actor Kerry Condon .
However there remained a demand for Baccara 's music , particularly on the European television circuit , and by the middle of the decade both Mateos and Mendiola had formed their own versions of Baccara with new singing partners .
The stranger is identified with the Devil , who takes Earl Beardie 's soul and , in some versions , condemns the Earl to play cards until doomsday .
United States House Committee on Appropriations .
Knoppix , itself , is based on Debian .
Gordini is a French sports car manufacturer .
His political involvement increased , and his partner Defert joined the ultra-Maoist Gauche Proletarienne -LRB- GP -RRB- .
F-flat major is a major scale based on F-flat , consisting of the pitches F-flat , G-flat , A-flat , B-double flat , C-flat , D-flat , E-flat and F-flat .
Louise also became an able dancer , and Victoria wrote , after a dance , that Louise '' danced the sword dance with more verve and accuracy than any of her sisters '' .
Statistics of the North American Soccer League in the 1968 season .
The neo-Gothic façade was constructed over the nondescript exterior that was common to Catalan churchesEdward Steese , '' The Great Churches of Catalonia '' Parnassus 7.3 -LRB- March , 1935:9 -12 -RRB- p. 9 .
It had 4 holes on the front and 2 on the back . The English instrument maker William Bainbridge developed it further and patented the '' improved English flageolet '' in 1803 as well as the double flageolet around 1805 .
Savate , also known as boxe franÃ aise , French boxing , French kickboxing or French footfighting , is a French martial art which uses the hands and feet as weapons combining elements of western boxing with graceful kicking techniques .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 7,022 people , 2,142 households , and 1,591 families residing in the county .
It is the southernmost State of Mexico , located in the Southwestern Mexico .
For his cowardice the Royal Commission later suspended Hare from the Victorian Police Force .
The island does not have a common name in either English or Scottish Gaelic and is referred to as ` Lewis and Harris ' , ` Lewis with Harris ' , ` Harris with Lewis ' etc. .
Wewahitchka , was its first county seat and the 1927 Gulf County Courthouse is still in existence .
In his spare time he composed music and , until his marriage , worked as an organist in Danbury and New Haven as well as Bloomfield , New Jersey and New York City .
Undated Johann Heinrich Alsted 's Encyclopaedia is published .
The Union Council is administratively divided into Dhaki Khaiter , Namli Maira , Noormang , and Panghora areas .
Human-made materials , such as string , plastic , cloth , hair or paper , may be used .
As a young girl , Hewitt was attracted to music , which led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry .
Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport , France 's main international airport is partially located in Roissy-en-France , a commune of Val d' Oise .
Manama has emerged as the capital of independent Bahrain after periods of domination by Portugal and Persians earlier in its history .
A fictional universe can be almost indistinguishable from the real world , except for the presence of the invented characters and events that characterize a work of fiction .
Although heavily outnumbered , the Greek Allies were persuaded by the Athenian general Themistocles to bring the Persian fleet to battle again , in the hope that a victory would prevent naval operations against the Peloponessus .
The Book of Nehemiah is a book of the Hebrew Bible .
Lineville is a city in Wayne County , Iowa , United States .
On August 25 , 2001 , Aaliyah and eight others were killed in an airplane crash in The Bahamas after filming the music video for the single '' Rock the Boat '' .
She left Portsmouth on 13 May 1787 , carrying 101 female convicts , and arrived at Port Jackson , Sydney , Australia , on 26 January 1788 .
ArmentiÃ res-sur-Ourcq is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Young Komodo dragons are vulnerable and therefore dwell in trees , safe from predators and cannibalistic adults .
Charles Macintosh -LRB- 1766 -- 1843 -RRB- , Scottish inventor
This area , known as '' America 's First Region '' , also includes the independent cities of Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Norfolk , Portsmouth , and Suffolk , as well as other smaller cities , counties and towns of Hampton Roads .
Like the genera that Stebbins had previously studied , Crepis commonly hybridized , displayed polyploidy -LRB- chromosome doubling -RRB- , and could make seed without fertilization -LRB- a process known as apomixis -RRB- .
Summers can be warm and dry for extended periods creating ideal fire weather conditions .
As of June 1 , 2010 , Mr. Mubarak is still the President of Egypt , having been re-elected several times .
In mammals , the thorax is the region of the body formed by the sternum , the thoracic vertebrae and the ribs .
Beauregard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Unlike most frogs , these species are active during the day and often have brightly-colored bodies .
The final episode was uploaded to WWE.com on May 30 , 2008 . The show was replaced internationally with WWE Vintage Collection , a program featuring classic WWE matches .
Beijing National Stadium\/Bird 's Nest -LRB- -RRB- - Beijing -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB-
It is 12 miles outside of the city center of Columbia and is part of the Columbia Metropolitan Statistical Area .
A popular writer in her time , her work has received increasing attention from literary critics in recent years .
Cuiry-lès-Iviers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The koda Fabia is a supermini produced by Czech manufacturer koda Auto since 1999 .
Most Ibadi Muslims live in Oman .
The current agreement is administered by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons -LRB- OPCW -RRB- , which is an independent organization and often mistaken as being a department within the United Nations .
In 1870 , this was changed to Tonbridge by the GPO due to confusion with nearby Tunbridge Wells , despite Tonbridge being a much older settlement .
Each visual area contains a full map of the visual world .
1993 & ndash ; The oil tanker MV Braer runs aground on the coast of the Shetland Islands , spilling 84,700 tons of crude oil .
Machiara National Park in Pakistan is one of three globally significant national parks selected for a Global Environment Facility sponsored project .
Mount Zealand in the White Mountains of New Hampshire , United States
Longueville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Gentoo Penguin , a species of bird
During its existence , the Sassanid Empire encompassed all of today 's Iran , Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , the Caucasus -LRB- Armenia , Georgia , Azerbaijan and Dagestan -RRB- , southwestern Central Asia , part of Turkey , certain coastal parts of the Arabian Peninsula , the Persian Gulf area , and areas of southwestern Pakistan .
The Illinois River is a principal tributary of the Mississippi River , approximately long , in the U.S. state of Illinois .
The government of each province consists of three major parts : the Provinciale Staten which is the provincial parliament elected every four years .
The town is named after its founder Yasin Khan Pathan .
James Charles Kopp -LRB- born August 2 , 1954 -RRB- is an American citizen who was convicted in 2003 for the 1998 sniper-style murder of Dr. Barnett Slepian , an American physician from Amherst , New York who performed abortions .
Born when the Spanish Golden Age theater was being defined by Lope de Vega , he developed it further , his work being regarded as the culmination of the Spanish Baroque theater .
A remake of The Lost Levels was released in 1993 as part of the Super Mario All-Stars collection for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System .
British archaeologist D.G. Hogarth published The Nearer East in 1902 , which helped to define the term and its extent , including the Balkan Peninsula -LRB- Albania , Montenegro , southern Serbia , Bulgaria and Greece -RRB- , Egypt , Anatolia , Armenia the entire Arabian Peninsula , and western parts of Iran .
A 2009 survey found that Amazon was the UK 's favorite music and video retailer , and third overall retailer .
Rome is a city in Henry County , Iowa , United States .
In March 2006 , after 15-years of debate , the government authorised the construction of a extension of the M6 from its then northern terminus near Carlisle to the Anglo-Scottish border at Gretna -LRB- the so-called '' Cumberland Gap '' -RRB- , where it links into the existing A74 -LRB- M -RRB- .
In 1510 , he studied briefly with Johannes Trithemius , and Agrippa sent him an early draft of his masterpiece , De occulta philosophia libri tres , a kind of summa of early modern occult thought .
It was the first color movie that was produced by Waheed Murad .
1797 & ndash ; The modern Italian flag is first used .
178\/2 , 1939 : '' On one of the stalactite pillars was found a big round stone with traces of red paint on its surface , as used in the rock-pictures '' '' rock records '' G. Moore , The Lost Tribes and the Saxons of the East , 1861 , Title page : '' with translations of Rock-Records in India . ''
Other liquid compounds found in plants or exuded by plants , such as latex , resins or mucilage , are sometimes incorrectly referred to as sap .
Other Christian movements generally see this as problematic , because the Mormons have different views in some key areas , where most of the other Christian churches agree .
The apple forms a tree that is small and deciduous , reaching 3 t tall , with a broad , often densely twiggy crown .
Vampyromorphida is an order of cephalopods comprising one known extant species -LRB- Vampyroteuthis infernalis -RRB- and many extinct taxa .
The postal codes used in the United Kingdom are known as postcodes .
c -RRB- Underscoring or over striking can be made a function of SCRIPT , thus uncomplicating Editor functions .
When the film ends , in a theater , Pumbaa insists on watching it again .
In 2008 he participated in a music album called Songs for Tibet in support of the Dalai Lama , Tenzin Gyatso and Tibet .
Developer The current developer is Eugene Roshal , while his brother Alexander Roshal is engaged in running the business behind the software .
' an expansion to the Magic : The Gathering collectible card game
Blèves is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
In principle , the only remaining problem was to be sure -LRB- or at least confident -RRB- that a public key actually belonged to its supposed owner .
The town is located in the Cabonne Shire Local Government Area , 341 k west of the state capital , Sydney .
The territory , the northern part of the former East Prussia , borders on NATO and EU members Poland and Lithuania , and is geographically separated from the rest of Russia .
A cool change hit the state in the early evening , bringing with it gale-force south-westerly winds in excess of .
There are exact criteria to see if a certain species is threatened to become extinct .
Various spin-offs and modifications to the original Duke Nukem 3D were produced in the following years of the game 's initial launch .
The World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- Divas Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment . It is competed for by WWE Divas .
The fore wing is white with a variable amount of black spots -LRB- some individuals lack these spots -RRB- .
This resulted in a certain amount of vulnerability , and the goal of much maneuvering in battle was to achieve the stern rake , in which a ship would pour its entire broadside into the stern .
Objects that are inserted into the rectum can therefore potentially travel up into the bowel : the flared end on a butt plug exists to prevent this .
The Republic of West Florida declares independence from Spain .
Bourg-Saint-Andéol is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône Valley in southern France .
His mother , Regina Wender Fischer , was an American citizen of Polish Jewish descent , born in Switzerland and raised in St. Louis , Missouri .
They began as baptismal formulae and were later expanded during the Christological controversies of the 4th and 5th centuries to become statements of faith .
Raimond Aumann -LRB- born 12 October 1963 in Augsburg -LRB- District Oberhausen -RRB- , West Germany -RRB- was a German footballer .
Ignacio 's remnants moved north , bringing gusty winds to California coastal waters before dissipating .
Erick Lee Purkhiser -LRB- October 21 , 1946 â '' February 4 , 2009 -RRB- , better known as Lux Interior , was an American singer and a founding member of the legendary garage punk band The Cramps from 1976 until his sudden death in February 2009 aged 62 .
The Stanford prison experiment was a study of the psychological effects of becoming a prisoner or prison guard . The experiment was conducted from August 14th to 20th , 1971 by a team of researchers led by Psychology professor Philip Zimbardo at Stanford University .
Terminology therefore denotes a more formal discipline which systematically studies the labeling or designating of concepts particular to one or more subject fields or domains of human activity , through research and analysis of terms in context , for the purpose of documenting and promoting correct usage .
The sport began when Dutch artist Iepe Rubingh , inspired by fictional depictions by French comic book artist and filmmaker Enki Bilal , organized actual bouts .
The first of these planetary rings was discovered in 1968 by a team led by Edward Guinan , but it was later thought that this ring might be incomplete .
Recent developments A newer method called flash pasteurization involves shorter exposure to higher temperatures , and is claimed to be better for preserving color and taste in some products .
3rd September - The first CD single Sara was released .
Etymology The word palomar is from the Spanish language , dating back from the time of Spanish California , and means pigeon house -LRB- in the same sense as henhouse -RRB- .
The function , where the constant is a complex number with non-zero imaginary part , maps the real line to a logarithmic spiral in the complex plane .
This camper has met the qualifications of a certain episode 's challenge -LRB- s -RRB- to win the challenge and its prize -LRB- mostly solo invincibility -RRB- for themselves -LRB- Episodes 15-27 - After the Teams dissolved -RRB- .
While the choice of antibiotic sometimes differs based on the offending pathogen , treatment for bacterial meningitis always includes antibiotic drugs , often given intravenously .
The duo later changed their image and style with the release of Sea of Love in 2002 .
Susan George -LRB- born 29 June 1934 -RRB- is a well-known political scientist and writer on global social justice , Third World poverty , underdevelopment and debt .
The refresh rate can be any of 24 , 30 or 60 frames per second .
Kellner campaigned against Adolf Hitler and the Nazis .
Immediately the Friends of Cypress Gardens , founded and led by Burma Davis Posey , was incorporated .
1946 & ndash ; Japanese Lt. General Masaharu Homma is executed in the Philippines for leading the Bataan Death March .
South Uist is considered the best place in the UK for the aquatic plant Slender Naiad -LRB- Najas flexilis -RRB- JNCC Slender Naiad report Retrieved 29 July 2007 .
Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova -LRB- ; born June 27 , 1985 in St. Petersburg -LRB- then Leningrad -RRB- is a Russian professional tennis player who is currently ranked World No. 6 .
Michele is featured lead singer in 14 of the top 20 selling Glee songs as of 2010 .
1513 & ndash ; Battle of Guinegate -LRB- Battle of the Spurs -RRB- & ndash ; King Henry VIII of England defeats French Forces who are then forced to retreat .
Claas also sell very well in North America .
IAEA Report INSAG-7 Chernobyl Accident : Updating of INSAG-1 Safety Series , No.75-INSAG-7 , IAEA , Vienna , -LRB-/O1991/O-RRB- .
He was also elected as the 23rd Senate President , serving from 2000-2001 .
In 1985 , he was elected to the New York State Senate to a seat that was once held by his father , former New York Secretary of State Basil Paterson .
Ultimately , the temperatures near the bottom of the geyser rise to a point where boiling begins ; steam bubbles rise to the top of the column .
The ` Nagami ' kumquat requires a hot summer , ranging from 25 ° C to 38 ° C -LRB- 77 ° to 100 ° F -RRB- , but can withstand frost down to about without injury .
Sterling Holloway voiced Kaa the python .
After returning to Juventus for one season in 2009 & ndash ; 10 , he joined current club Al-Ahli .
Opera is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text -LRB- called a libretto -RRB- and musical score .
The first of these appear in April and May , and the second group can be seen approximately nine to eleven weeks later .
Hero is 1985 a Pakistani Urdu colour film starring Waheed Murad , Babra Sharif , Mumtaz , Aslam Pervaiz , Saqi , Adil Murad -LRB- as child star & guest star -RRB- and Nadeem -LRB- as guest star -RRB- .
It was intended for children who had graduated from CTW 's flagship program , Sesame Street .
'' Our Time Now '' - 2:50
In 2006 , Thile formed the How to Grow a Band , with whom he recorded How to Grow a Woman from the Ground , Thile 's fifth album .
The station is on the Victoria Line and the London Overground Gospel Oak to Barking Line , in Travelcard Zone 3 and is the least used station on the Victoria line with 6.179 million passengers per year .
Colfax is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
Because children attend school longer now and have become much more familiar with the testing of school-related material , one might expect the greatest gains to occur on such school content-related tests as vocabulary , arithmetic or general information .
The city is situated about 600 kilometres from Bucharest , the capital of Romania , 70 kilometres from the border with Hungary and 50 kilometres from the border with Ukraine .
He was educated at Larchfield Academy -LRB- now part of Lomond School -RRB- , Helensburgh ; the Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College -LRB- which later became the University of Strathclyde -RRB- ; and the University of Glasgow .
Falafel balls may also be eaten alone as a snack or served as part of a mezze .
Of those that survive , his works based on A. E. Housman 's collection of poems A Shropshire Lad are the best known .
Various organizations , such as the International Society of Arboriculture , the British Standards Institute and the National Arborist Association -LRB- about 2007 renamed the Tree Industry Association -RRB- , have long recognized the importance of construction activities that impact tree health .
The chapters of Shaman King were written and illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei .
Inverbervie is a small town on the north-east coast of Scotland , south of Stonehaven , in the Aberdeenshire council area .
6,000 specimens have been cleaned and repaired .
The serve is the only shot a player can take their time to set up instead of having to react to an opponent 's shot .
A cuvette is a small tube of circular or square cross section , sealed at one end , made of plastic , glass , or fused quartz -LRB- for UV light -RRB- and designed to hold samples for spectroscopic experiments .
Francisco '' Fran '' MÃ rida PÃ rez -LRB- born 4 March 1990 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for AtlÃ tico Madrid as a midfielder .
He added , '' We can not , obviously judge that any response is sentimental in this sense unless we take careful account of the situation '' -LRB- Richards , Practical Criticism , '' Sentimentality and inhibition '' -RRB- .
The main languages spoken in Pretoria are Pedi , Afrikaans , Tswana , Tsonga , Zulu and English .
IX -LRB- The Cuckoo in the Depths of the Woods -RRB-
It has been estimated that more than one million people in the world can see today because of initiatives instigated by Hollows , the most notable example being The Fred Hollows Foundation .
It is the main settlement in the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .
The Fox and the Hound is a 1967 novel written by Daniel P. Mannix and illustrated by John Schoenherr .
The oldest surviving structure on the castle site dates to the 11th century , although evidence exists of some form of stronghold predating the Norman Conquest .
It is the seat of the Vilnius city municipality and of the Vilnius district municipality .
Traditional women 's hanbok consists of jeogori , a blouse shirt or a jacket and chima , a wrap-around skirt , which is usually worn full .
Feynman slash notation , of quantum field theory
The Socialist Party is a Trotskyist group active in England and Wales with two dozen members on trade union executives .
Cohesion may mean : Cohesion -LRB- chemistry -RRB- : the intermolecular attraction between like-molecules Cohesion -LRB- computer science -RRB- : a measure of how well the lines of source code within a module work together to provide a specific piece of functionality .
Yalova is twinned with the cities of Bonn in Germany , Mahachkala in Russia and Medgidia in Romania .
Miller , John C. Sam Adams : Pioneer in Propaganda .
Other nearby islands -LRB- all uninhabited -RRB- include Jarvis Island , to the northwest , Vostok Island , to the south-southeast , and Caroline -LRB- Millennium -RRB- Island , to the southeast .
MÃ lodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was Francis Poulenc , who died in 1963 .
Perhaps his most significant role in 2004 was Albus Dumbledore , Hogwarts 's headmaster in the third installment of J. K. Rowling 's franchise , Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban , taking over from the late Richard Harris .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
Bertie County is a member of the Mid-East Commission regional council of governments .
Australia , Canada , Pakistan , India , Republic of Ireland , United Kingdom and Norway are examples of countries with two strong parties and additional smaller parties that have also obtained representation . The smaller or '' third '' parties may form a part of a coalition government together with one of the larger parties or act independently from the other dominant parties .
Marco Marchionni -LRB- born 22 July 1980 -RRB- is an Italian footballer who plays as a right winger for Serie A club Fiorentina
The interior of South Africa is a vast , flat , and sparsely populated scrubland , the Karoo , which is drier towards the northwest along the Namib desert .
Sergei Mikhailovich Eisenstein -LRB- ; January 23 , 1898 â '' February 11 , 1948 -RRB- was a pioneering Soviet Russian film director and film theorist , often considered to be the '' Father of Montage . ''
Under this provision , cooperative restaurants , shops , and manufacturers became part of the Soviet scene .
Chicago is the largest city in the region , followed by Detroit , Indianapolis , Columbus , and Milwaukee .
Vimont is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
Big Ben is the largest four-faced chiming clock and the third-tallest free-standing clock tower in the world .
Maloja -LRB- -RRB- is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
From 2005 to 2009 , she had a recurring role in the television series Battlestar Galactica .
Monoplacophora
Saint-L Ã ger-du-Ventoux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Schwerin von Krosigk was appointed Minister of Finance by Franz von Papen in 1932 , and continued in that office at the request of President Paul von Hindenburg under Kurt von Schleicher and throughout the period of Nazi rule .
On the death of her husband Constantine X , Eudocia Macrembolitissa becomes regent of the Byzantine Empire .
In Japanese , it was originally pronounced in the pre-Heian period as saburau and later as saburai , then samurai in the Edo period .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
In 1976 , Miles became the first UK born , ` over-the-board ' chess Grandmaster , narrowly beating Raymond Keene to the accolade .
The CUP came to power between 1908 and 1918 .
It connects the southwestern part of the Atlantic Ocean -LRB- Scotia Sea -RRB- with the southeastern part of the Pacific Ocean and extends into the Southern Ocean .
General Records , an American record label
In '' Chuck Versus the American Hero '' Chuck is officially inducted as an agent by General Beckman , and in the next episode , Chuck Versus the Other Guy , he makes his first kill , shooting Shaw in order to protect Sarah .
Revista D & ndash ; PrensaLibre.com
The theorem was practically proved by Euclid -LRB- in book 7 of Euclid 's elements , propositions 30 and 32 -RRB- , but the first full and correct proof is found in the Disquisitiones Arithmeticae by Carl Friedrich Gauss .
The castor oil plant , Ricinus communis , is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae . It belongs to a monotypic genus , Ricinus , and subtribe , Ricininae .
Although most aÃ aÃ is grown conventionally , in 2003 USDA Organic certification was established for the aÃ aÃ palm and later implemented fair trade certification .
Oxford prison was used for the scene as Cruella walked out of prison .
Today Basque holds co-official language status in the Basque regions of Spain : the full autonomous community of the Basque Country and some parts of Navarre . Basque has no official standing in the Northern Basque Country of France and French citizens are barred from officially using Basque in a French court of law .
The Monaco Grand Prix is widely considered to be one of the most important and prestigious automobile races in the world alongside the Indianapolis 500-Mile Race and 24 Hours of Le Mans .
Ranchy -LRB- pronunciation : rohn-SHEE or ROHN-shee -RRB- is a commune of the département in Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Southern League Qualifications Marche Anconitana was the only partecipating team .
The rebellion was finally crushed through the concentrated military effort of a single commander , Marcus Licinius Crassus , although the rebellion continued to have indirect effects on Roman politics for years to come .
Forchheim is a large town in Upper Franconia -LRB- -RRB- in northern Bavaria , and also the seat of the administrative district of Forchheim .
Cyrus recorded music for the soundtracks , Hannah Montana -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and Hannah Montana 2\/Meet Miley Cyrus -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , released by Walt Disney Records .
She decides to ask Mrs. Grose about the man .
Pilote was a three time recipient of the Norris Trophy for outstanding defenceman in 1963 , 1964 , and 1965 as well as runner-up in 1962 , 1966 and 1967 .
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh had previously made a visit to the line during its construction .
Derlei started playing in the lower levels of football in Brazil , but joined Portugal 's União de Leiria in 1999 , going on to achieve 91 league games , scoring 42 goals .
Their different styles , textures and flavors depend on the origin of the milk -LRB- including the animal 's diet -RRB- , whether it has been pasteurized , the butterfat content , the species of bacteria and mold , and the processing including the length of aging .
Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio -LRB- born November 11 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actor and film producer whose career rose with his role in the television sit-com Growing Pains .
The current Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere at the Department of Commerce , and the agency 's Administrator , is Dr. Jane Lubchenco , nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate on March 19 , 2009 .
In Japan , China , Taiwan and some Southeast Asian countries , including Thailand and Malaysia , peas are roasted and salted , and eaten as snacks .
He is reported to have constructed the gardens to please his homesick wife , Amytis of Media , who longed for the trees and fragrant plants of her homeland .
Malay is the '' national language '' of Singapore , a ceremonial rather than functional designation to reflect the country 's history .
Summary and Introduction : Israel 's Disobedience -LRB- -RRB-
Hurricane Flora was the 5th or 6th deadliest Atlantic hurricane of all time , causing over 7,000 deaths and hundreds of millions of dollars in damage , mostly due to flooding from intense rains as it stalled over Cuba and the surrounding areas .
Events By place Europe Odoacer defeats an attempt by Julius Nepos to recapture Italy , and has Julius killed .
Oleg Oleksandrovich Prudius -LRB- ; ; Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius born on April 27 , 1972 -RRB- is a Russian American professional wrestler , also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov -LRB- -RRB- .
At mosques that do not have minarets , the adhan is called instead from inside the mosque or somewhere else on the ground .
He married ErzsÃ bet Sekelj , a young woman whom he met on a journey through Hungary .
The Amazing Jeckel Brothers features guest appearances by rappers Ol' Dirty Bastard and Snoop Dogg , and additional contributions by The Jerky Boys and Twiztid .
S. Shlifstein .
'' Smile Ichiban Ii Onna '' -LRB- , September 20 , 2006 -RRB-
380 , November 24 : Emperor Theodosius I is baptised .
The White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg , Russia is an annual international arts festival during the season of the midnight sun .
In low lying areas , the storm surge can stay inland for a long time and mix with chemicals already in the area to create a toxic mess .
The Crystal and the Way of Light .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Its sound value is in all languages for which it is used ; in many languages , it also serves as a long vowel , representing .
'' Bad '' was released by Epic Records in September 1987 , as the second single from Jackson 's seventh studio album of the same name .
Lightcurve variations indicate a non-spherical body , consistent with the lightcurve and radar results .
Duke Ernest of Gotha and Duchess Elisabeth Sophie 's numerous sons divided the inheritance -LRB- five eights of all Ernestine lands -RRB- initially to seven parts : Gotha-Altenburg , Coburg , Meiningen , RÃ mhild , Eisenberg , Hildburghausen and Saalfeld .
Year 1434 -LRB- MCDXXXIV -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
The '' Cat Who '' books center around the life of former newspaper reporter , James Qwilleran , and his two Siamese cats , KoKo and Yum Yum , in the fictitious small town of Pickax located in Moose County '' 400 miles north of everywhere . ''
Argument is a boolean , default to .
RTÃ Television also offers two further services : RTÃ Live , where viewers can watch RTÃ as it broadcasts live on the internet , utilizing programming from both RTÃ One and RTÃ Two and RTÃ Player an on-demand video service . Both of these services are available on a national and international basis .
Beginning in 1963 , a terrorist group that became known as the Front de libÃ ration du QuÃ bec -LRB- FLQ -RRB- launched a decade of bombings , robberies and attacks directed primarily at English institutions , resulting in at least five deaths .
com and MySpace accounts , they had gained themselves a niche audience .
Marshall , Mesa Boogie , most boutique amplifier companies and many other guitar amplifier production companies have used Fender instruments as the foundation of their products .
The Kalahari Desert -LRB- Dorsland in Afrikaans -RRB- Dorsland Trek , Encyclopædia Britannica .
The Yugoslavia national football team represented the Kingdom of Yugoslavia -LRB- 1918 â '' 1943 -RRB- and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia -LRB- 1946 â '' 1992 -RRB- in association football .
In its various forms , it is widely used in East and Southeast Asian cuisines and increasingly appears in Western cuisine and prepared foods .
The Tennessee Titans are a professional American football team based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Swabi - Government of Pakistan The town is a settlement of 35,000 people and is located at with an altitude of 308 metresLocation of Lahor - Falling Rain Genomics and lies west of Swabi and on the northern bank of the Indus River .
Encyclopædia Britannica and , according to Eddie Vedder , '' possibly the greatest live band ever .
In the absence of significant aberrations , the smallest possible blur circle is the Airy disc , which is caused by diffraction from the optical system 's aperture .
The accused witches lived in Lancashire , an English county which , at the end of the 16th century , was regarded by the authorities as a wild and lawless region , '' fabled for its theft , violence and sexual laxity , where the church was honored without much understanding of its doctrines by the common people '' .
KPresenter is a free presentation program that is part of KOffice , an integrated office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment .
Elegance is the attribute of being unusually effective and simple .
It is named after the Japanese telephone greeting '' moshi moshi '' , which translates to hello .
The majority of the population -LRB- 88.24 % -RRB- are Romanians .
JosÃ Roberto da Silva Jr. -LRB- born 6 July 1974 in Ipiranga -RRB- , commonly known as ZÃ Roberto , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Hamburger SV in the German Bundesliga .
Equality of outcome or equality of condition
Historically the county town was Abingdon , but in 1867 the , by then much larger , town of Reading superseded Abingdon in this role .
Most of the cast gained popularity at The Comedy Store .
Shuttle era The Space Shuttle became the major focus of NASA in the late 1970s and the 1980s .
Two -LRB- Miss Kittin & The Hacker album -RRB-
These dates , however , are not absolute .
and began with the first settlement of Eridu in the Ubaid period -LRB- mid 6th millennium BC -RRB- through the Uruk period -LRB- 4th millennium BC -RRB- and the Dynastic periods -LRB- 3rd millennium BC -RRB- until the rise of Babylonia in the early 2nd millennium BC .
Perhaps the most significant council was the Council of Chalcedon that affirmed that Christ had two natures , fully God and fully man , distinct yet always in perfect union .
Oveta Culp Hobby -LRB- January 19 , 1905 â '' August 16 , 1995 -RRB- was the first secretary of the US Department of Health , Education and Welfare , first commanding officer of the Women 's Army Corps , and chairman of the board of the Houston Post .
Belleair Bluffs is a city in Pinellas County , Florida , United States .
The Padres adopted their name from the Pacific Coast League team which arrived in San Diego in 1936 .
Founded in 1854 , O'Fallon 's namesake comes from Colonel John O'Fallon who was a wealthy gentleman from St. Louis . In downtown O'Fallon , a Baltimore and Ohio Railroad railroad depot was built , which helped put O'Fallon on the map .
There were 94,416 housing units at an average density of 1,757.3 / sq mi -LRB- 678.5 / km ² -RRB- .
A leading intellectual of the Progressive Era , he served as President of Princeton University from 1902 to 1910 , and then as the Governor of New Jersey from 1911 to 1913 .
Herpetology is the branch of zoology concerned with the study of amphibians -LRB- including the frogs , toads , salamanders , newts , and gymnophionae -RRB- and of reptiles -LRB- including snakes , lizards , amphisbaenids , turtles , terrapins , tortoises , crocodilians , and the tuataras -RRB- .
Their nose was long and narrow , occipital plane remarkably narrow and carnassials relatively long .
In 1977 the exiled Republicans decided to accept the re-establishment of the monarchy and recognize the new government .
In the United Kingdom , these are sometimes known as '' French Kilner '' jars .
It was a pro-Ming Dynasty kingdom , and was founded by Koxinga -LRB- -RRB- , literally Lord with the Imperial Surname , because he was given the Ming Emperor 's Surname -RRB- , after the destruction of Ming power by the Manchu .
Terry made an agreement with Danielle that if either of them won the final immunity challenge , they would take the second place winner to the final two .
He has appeared in all three Mario & Luigi games , Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga , Mario & Luigi : Partners in Time , and Mario & Luigi : Bowser 's Inside Story .
50,000 units : Album de Oro
Cavignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Homer Jay Simpson is a fictional main character in the animated television series The Simpsons and the boorish father of the eponymous family .
The theorem was practically proved by Euclid -LRB- in book 7 of Euclid 's elements , propositions 30 and 32 -RRB- , but the first full and correct proof is found in the Disquisitiones Arithmeticae by Carl Friedrich Gauss .
Structural classification Structural classification names and divides joints according to how the bones are connected to each other .
exe '' in the processes list .
Suddenly , two T. rex attack and kill the Triceratops that lost .
O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production .
It has an unusually long rotation period among the large asteroids .
After the end of World War II , he was tried for war crimes at the Nuremberg Trials and executed .
When a candidate fails to meet a number of fundamental community-accepted criteria , occasionally a pile-on of oppose comments may occur .
Terrain , or land relief , is the vertical and horizontal dimension of land surface .
Since then , the frontier moved further west and the Mississippi River was referenced as the easternmost possible boundary of the West .
In June 2010 , BuddyTV was named in the Lead411 's Hottest Seattle Companies list .
Legislative branch The legislative branch consists of two chambers , the Bundesrat , representing the states , and the directly elected Bundestag .
Lincolnshire a. -RRB- Lincoln , b. -RRB- North Kesteven , c. -RRB- South Kesteven , d. -RRB- South Holland , e. -RRB- Boston , f. -RRB- East Lindsey , g. -RRB- West Lindsey Leicestershire 6 .
In Austria , Belgium , France , Hungary , Italy , Malta , Portugal and Spain people bring flowers to the graves of dead relatives .
Grand Funk Railroad -LRB- also known as Grand Funk -RRB- is an American rock band .
Franqueville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The band 's diamond-certified album Tragic Kingdom helped to launch the ska revival of the 1990s , and '' Do n't Speak '' , the third single from the album , set a record when it spent sixteen weeks at the number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart .
They had four childrenâ '' Linda 's daughter Heather -LRB- who was adopted by Paul -RRB- , Mary , Stella and Jamesâ '' and remained married until Linda 's death from breast cancer in 1998 .
ACI passenger statistics for 2007 It is the second-busiest passenger airport in Japan , busiest air freight hub in Japan , ACI cargo statistics for 2008 and eighth-busiest air freight hub in the world .
It is the headquarters of the Piaggio company , which in the 1930s was a major aircraft manufacturer and which now manufactures motor vehicles such as the Vespa and the Ape .
Following the death of her -LRB- never married -RRB- parents when she was very young she lived with her grandmother , Felisa Howard on Arvada III , a colony planet until a great moon collision caused the planet to flood , forcing its evacuation .
The graphic was popularized in the early 1970s by Philadelphia brothers Bernard and Murray Spain , who seized upon it in September 1970 in a campaign to sell novelty items .
Stefan Ishizaki -LRB- born May 15 , 1982 , Stockholm -RRB- is a Swedish-Japanese football player playing for Elfsborg .
MedlinePlus =
Fico was also a hurricane for 17 days , which also broke the record set by Celeste of 1972 with 10 days .
In the 43 matches that Sindelar played , Austria had a total record of 25 victories , 11 draws , and 7 losses .
However , it was not until 1977 that the company entered Formula One as a constructor , introducing the turbo engine to Formula One in their first car , the Renault RS01 .
After disbanding , the lead singer Henry Rollins formed a solo project Rollins Band and guitarist Greg Ginn worked on a solo career in the early 90s .
Aeschylus was probably born around the year 525 BC in a small town called Eleusis , which is about 27 kilometers northwest of Athens .
and the six known extant pictures suggest that the ten pieces comprising the suite correspond to eleven pictures by Hartmann , with Samuel Goldenberg und Schmuÿle accounting for two .
Sexaholics Anonymous
Many named for Jeffrey Amherst , 1st Baron Amherst :
1869 & ndash ; Henri Matisse , French painter -LRB- d. 1954 -RRB-
` Diesel Car of the Year 2006 ' in Scotland -LRB- for the 170 hp 2.0 TDI Leon FR -RRB-
Aubigny-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
In Formula One , where until 1960 drivers were awarded a point for setting fastest lap , Michael Schumacher holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 76 .
Davina Lucy Pascale McCall -LRB- born 16 October 1967 -RRB- is a British television presenter and actress , most notable for her work on Channel 4 's Big Brother reality television series .
According to an early review by -LSB- iFixIt -RSB- , the Kindle 2 features a Freescale 532 MHz , ARM-11 90 nm processor , 32MB main memory , 2 GB moviNAND flash storage , and a 3.7 V 1530 mAh lithium polymer battery .
Apple Studio Apple Studio was a recording studio , located in the basement of the Apple Corps headquarters at 3 Savile Row .
Bar-sur-Aube is a commune of France in the Aube department , of which it is a sub-prefecture .
Licques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
However , all he ends up doing is destroying his kitchen and ruining the Hoverama .
Derek Adams -LRB- born 25 June 1975 -RRB- is a former Scottish footballer who is currently assistant manager at Hibernian .
Tresca is remembered as a leading public opponent of fascism , stalinism , and mafia infiltration of the trade union movement . Tresca was assassinated by a Mafia gunman in 1943 .
He had the following siblings :
Peter Mark Andrew Phillips -LRB- born 15 November 1977 -RRB- is the only son of The Princess Anne , The Princess Royal and her first husband , Captain Mark Phillips .
Idamante approaches him , but because the two have not seen each other for a long time , recognition is difficult .
Generally , foods that have a use by date written on the packaging must not be eaten after the specified date .
Assuming a similar density to the primary , this would give it a mass of about ~ 1.5 kg .
Salisbury Plain is a chalk plateau in central southern England covering 300 s/O. It is part of the Southern England Chalk Formation and largely lies within the county of Wiltshire , with a little in Hampshire .
His reign was troubled by disasters : a rain of blood which lasted three days , a devastating plague , and a great swarm of flies .
After his collapse , the shepherd is heard piping the arrival of Isoldeâ s ship , and , as Kurwenal rushes to meet her , Tristan tears the bandages from his wounds in his excitement -LRB- '' Hahei !
A pioneer of television news broadcasting , Murrow produced a series of TV news reports that helped lead to the censure of Senator Joseph McCarthy .
They knew Collins would return by the same route as the two other roads from Bandon to Cork had been rendered impassable by Republicans .
At its foothills is found the city of Granada and , a little further , Málaga and Almería .
While medals were distributed to the participants during these games , the medals are not officially recognized by the IOC .
It is a branch of the German House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha -LRB- -RRB- , which adopted the English name Windsor by a royal proclamation on the 17 July 1917 .
Naval mines can be used offensively , to hamper enemy ships or lock them into a harbor ; or defensively , to protect friendly ships and create '' safe '' zones .
Larix mastersiana Masters ' Larch .
He has competed in Scott County Wrestling , AAW : Professional Wrestling Redefined , Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South , the National Wrestling Alliance , Pro Wrestling Guerrilla , and Wrestling Society X/ORGANIZATION. In several promotions , Black was the tag team partner of Jimmy Jacobs , with the team known as Doin ' It For Her .
Throughout 1955 , Monroe studied with the Actors Studio , and found that one of her biggest obstacles was her severe stage fright .
The treaty also gave Germany the Caprivi Strip , which was added to German South West Africa , thus linking that territory with the Zambezi River , which he had hoped to use for trade and communications with eastern Africa -LRB- the river proved to be unnavigable -RRB- .
Its name comes from the Greek words -LRB- , '' less '' -RRB- and -LRB- , '' new '' -RRB- and means '' less recent '' because it has 18 % fewer modern sea invertebrates than the Pliocene .
Deutsche Bank AG -LRB- literally '' German Bank '' ; ; , -RRB- is an international universal bank with its headquarters in Frankfurt , Germany .
Gréasque is a commune northeast of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rh ône in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southern France .
Maria , is a 1st class urban municipalityNSCB - ActiveStats - PSGC Interactive - Municipality : SANTA MARIA in the province of Bulacan , Philippines .
In some cases , Calc lacks a GUI wizard to access certain advanced features associated with competing products , such as statistical capabilities like error bar support on graphs , and polynomial regression analysis .
Anemia -LRB- , also spelled anemia and anÃ mia ; from Ancient Greek ' , meaning lack of blood -RRB- is a decrease in number of red blood cells -LRB- RBCs -RRB- or less than the normal quantity of hemoglobin in the blood .
In 1945 , BartÃ k composed his Piano Concerto No. 3 , a graceful and almost neo-classical work . He began work on his Viola Concerto , but had not completed the scoring at his death .
The Palatinate -LRB- ; Pfälzer dialect Palz -RRB- , historically also Rhenish Palatinate -LRB- ; -RRB- , is a region in south-western Germany .
It is bordered by East Palo Alto , Palo Alto , and Stanford to the east , and Atherton , North Fair Oaks , and Redwood City to the west .
Protest meetings against his dismissal were held on the diggings and in the towns , with petitions for his reappointment .
Cobain used an Electro-Harmonix Small Clone guitar chorus pedal to give his instrument a '' watery '' tone during the verses and pre-choruses .
Some people also call it Hansen 's disease , named after the person who discovered the bacterium , Gerhard Armauer Hansen .
The ornate Collingwood Town Hall is an imposing building that was used until 1994 as the center of local government for the City of Collingwood .
The mausoleum of Hazrat Shahbaz Qalandar attracts hundred of thousands of faithful every year .
The United States does not have an official language ; however , the majority of the population speaks English as a native language -LRB- some 82 % -RRB- .
Despite competing in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup finals , both in 2000 , they have not won any silverware since 1995 .
The stadium has previously officially been titled the City Stadium due to a sponsorship deal with the City group ; it had also previously been called the West Lothian Courier Stadium .
Faker was formed in Sydney , Australia , in 1998 .
A service mark or servicemark is a trademark used in some countries , notably the United States , to identify a service rather than a product .
The Flag of the State of Alaska consists of eight gold stars , forming the Big Dipper and the North Star , on a dark blue field .
His statement '' I want to make of impressionism something solid and lasting like the art in the museums '' , and his contention that he was recreating Poussin '' after nature '' underscored his desire to unite observation of nature with the permanence of classical composition .
The posthumous name is commonly used when naming royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
MSN launched an instant messaging service in 1999 to compete with AOL Instant Messenger , which was originally known as ` MSN Messenger Service ' and was later shortened to simply ` MSN Messenger . '
Stefan Elmgren - Lead Guitar
She was named Anna after her mother and her aunt Anna Cowles ; Eleanor after her father , and was nicknamed '' Ellie '' or '' Little Nell '' . From the beginning , Eleanor preferred to be called by her middle name .
Sant ` Antonio is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Milwaukee Brewers are a professional baseball team based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , currently contesting the Central Division of Major League Baseball 's National League .
Nome also is home to Alaska 's oldest newspaper , the Nome Nugget .
The Washington Post is Washington , D.C. 's largest newspaper and its oldest still-existing paper , founded in 1877 .
Cerfontaine is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur .
Matthew Richard '' Matt '' Stone -LRB- born May 26 , 1971 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , producer , voice artist , musician and actor , best known for being the co-creator of South Park along with creative partner and best friend , Trey Parker .
In December 2006 Nvidia , along with its main rival in the graphics industry AMD -LRB- which acquired ATI -RRB- , received subpoenas from the Justice Department regarding possible antitrust violations in the graphics card industry .
She is frequently called Daw Aung San Suu Kyi .
Why they were not published within Leonardo 's lifetime is unknown .
The UEFA Women 's Championship is a regular tournament involving European national teams from countries affiliated to UEFA , the European governing body , who have qualified for the competition .
Dutch , Swedish , and Scottish Gaelic all became less common than German after the American Revolution .
It is entitled Gershwin Plays Gershwin : The Piano Rolls .
There are also conflicting rumors that Mary , Queen of Scots , was briefly involved in the town 's history .
Economists and some ecologists concentrate upon nature 's services and the assignment of values in a service economy to all that Nature does '' for humans '' .
Rus7hdie has been married four times .
The shoots are dimorphic , with growth divided into long shoots typically 10-50 cm long and bearing several buds , and short shoots only 1-2 mm long with only a single bud .
Khowar -LRB- -RRB- , also known as Chitrali , is a Dardic language spoken by 400,000 people in Chitral in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , in the Ghizer district of Gilgit-Baltistan -LRB- including the Yasin Valley , Phandar Ishkoman and Gupis -RRB- , and in parts of Upper Swat .
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
History See also : History of the Jews in Lebanon The synagogue brought about many benefits to the Jewish community in Lebanon during the early twentieth century .
In 2002 his setting of Psalm 150 , commissioned for the Queen 's Golden Jubilee , was performed at the thanksgiving service in St Paul 's Cathedral , London .
However , since the opening of the ION Orchard , the entrance of the Orchard entrance has been moved underground below the upcoming mall .
They did not have much contact with the other peoples of Brazil , and for generations they were able to speak German and keep their German traditions in Brazil .
As of August 2010 , eight volumes have been released .
Hermione was discovered by J. C. Watson on May 12 , 1872 , and named after Hermione , daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology .
2006 & ndash ; Deposed President of Iraq Saddam Hussein , convicted of the executions of 148 Iraqi Shiites , is executed by hanging .
Zoo Tycoon 2 : Extinct Animals , was released on October 17 , 2007 . It is the largest and latest expansion in the Zoo Tycoon series , with 34 adoptable animals , plus two bonus animals .
2004 2004 Australian embassy bombing : A bomb explodes outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta , killing 10 people .
While remarkable for its simplicity and speed in software , RC4 has weaknesses that argue against its use in new systems .
â Men are born and remain free and equal in rights .
Mergent Online Enron Company Financials Annual Income Statement .
Throughout the eighties and even the nineties , Palmdale was the fastest growing city in California and second fastest growing city in the nation .
Annois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Sir Michael Philip '' Mick '' Jagger -LRB- born 26 July 1943 -RRB- is an English musician , singer-songwriter , actor , and producer , best known as the lead vocalist of rock band , The Rolling Stones .
History The city was once the capital of the ancient , Buddhist kingdom of Srivijaya that controlled a large part of what is now Malaysia and Indonesia .
Nowadays , the ICAO recommends that passports be issued in English and French , or in the national language of the issuing country and in either English or French .
Her mother Mary Haines Yorke died during a trip to New Orleans in 1820 leaving Sarah and her two sisters orphaned .
He eventually went to study in PaiChai Middle School and Hanyoung High School .
Urban contemporary was developed through the characteristics of genres such as R&B and Soul .
The Pillows contracted with the major label Pony Canyon , and came out with the single '' Ame ni Utaeba '' in 1991 .
It is ranked 37th on the list of the 100 largest metropolitan areas in Canada and represents the 44th largest census agglomeration nationwide , with 92,882 residents in 2006 .
Special types of undergarments have religious significance .
Salperwick is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
LZ 129 Hindenburg -LRB- ; Registration : D-LZ 129 -RRB- was a large German commercial passenger-carrying rigid airship , the lead ship of the Hindenburg class , the longest -LRB- 245 meters , 803.8 feet -RRB- class of flying machines of any kind and the largest airship by envelope volume -LRB- 200,000 m , 7,062,000 cubic feet -RRB- .
More comprehensive services within the parks , such as guided walks and skiing tutorials , are privately provided with concessions from the department .
He is best known for disbelieving Jesus ' resurrection when first told of it , then proclaiming '' My Lord and my God '' on seeing Jesus in .
Crystle Danae Stewart -LRB- born September 20 , 1981 -RRB- , from Missouri City , Texas , is an American beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss USA 2008 .
Tides are more predictable than wave power or wind power .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
Zero divided by zero is zero .
It has been founded in 1984 in Rimini , it was then moved to Bari in 1988 , and finally to Viareggio in 1989 .
The crust is underlain by the mantle .
Unrecoverable bit error rate -LRB- UBE -RRB- This is the rate at which a disk drive will be unable to recover data after application of cyclic redundancy check -LRB- CRC -RRB- codes and multiple retries .
Jacques Anquetil -LRB- 8 January 1934 â '' 18 November 1987 -RRB- was a French road racing cyclist and the first cyclist to win the Tour de France five times , in 1957 and from 1961 to 1964 .
The Las Cruces Kings have been a long running semi-professional football team in Las Cruces . Beginning in 2010 Season the Las Cruces Vaqueros were the first ever professional Sports Team in Las Cruces .
It is on the banks of the Lachlan River .
These sorts of irons are usually called '' Wet Dry '' irons .
Dirceu JosÃ GuimarÃ # es , known as Dirceu -LRB- ; June 15 , 1952 in Rio de Janeiro â '' September 15 , 1995 -RRB- , was a football player from Brazil .
Henry Walter Bates FRS FLS FGS -LRB- Leicester , 8 February 1825 & ndash ; London , 16 February 1892 -RRB- was an English naturalist and explorer who gave the first scientific account of mimicry in animals .
In the modern Western World , G-strings are often only worn by females .
Marburg-Biedenkopf is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the west of Hesse , Germany .
The city hosts a large population of international students due to the presence of the University , and in particular its Spanish language and literature programs for foreign students .
Originally , in continental Europe , a county -LRB- contea or contado , comté , comtat , condado , Grafschaft , Gau -RRB- was the land under the jurisdiction of a count -LRB- conte , comte , conde , Graf -RRB- .
Vassogne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
After its defeat in the Chinese Civil War in 1949 , the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- , led by the Kuomintang , retreated to Taiwan , leaving Mainland China to the Communist Party who later established People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- .
Goiânia -LRB- -RRB- , Pronuciation of Goiânia at Dictionary.com is the capital and the largest city in the Brazilian state of Goiás .
The life span is thought to be about one year .
Michael Thomas '' Tom '' Green -LRB- born July 30 , 1971 -RRB- is a Canadian actor , rapper , writer , comedian and media personality .
The basic reaction types are : addition reactions , elimination reactions , substitution reactions , pericyclic reactions , rearrangement reactions and redox reactions . An example of a common reaction is a substitution reaction written as :
Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner is a drama film starring Spencer Tracy , Sidney Poitier and Katharine Hepburn , and featuring Hepburn 's niece Katharine Houghton .
The Galaxy 's chief rival for the past few years has been Chivas USA , with whom they share a home stadium .
Malay is normally written using Latin alphabet called Rumi , although a modified Arabic script called Jawi also exists .
They were built at the BR Ashford Works over the period 1949 -- 1952 and numbered 15211 -- 15236 .
Other oxides are occasionally used , such as MnO2 in manganese thermite , Cr2O3 in chromium thermite , or copper -LRB- II -RRB- oxide in copper thermite , but only for highly specialised purposes .
In this case , an individual 's inclusive fitness varies depending on how much it invests in within-group competition -LRB- e.g. hoarding a private food cache -RRB- versus between-group competition -LRB- e.g. contributing to common foraging -RRB- ; and on its relatedness to the other group members .
The lyrics were written in 1929 by Horst Wessel , commander of the SA in the Friedrichshain district of Berlin .
April 9 & ndash ; Following the death of Pope Gregory XI and riots in Rome calling for a Roman pope , the cardinals , who are mostly French , elect Pope Urban VI -LRB- Bartolomeo Prignano , Archbishop of Bari -RRB- as the 202nd Pope .
Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting , 1991 -- 2006 ; replaced by the reinstituted Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting Pulitzer Prize for the Novel , became the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Menan is a city in Jefferson County , Idaho , United States .
Selection Munich won its Olympic bid on April 26 , 1966 at the 64th IOC Session at Rome , Italy , over bids presented by Detroit , Madrid and Montreal .
Germination is the process in which a plant or fungus emerges from a seed or spore and begins growth .
Grosse Ile Township is a general law township of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Years : 1213 1214 1215 1216 1217 1218 1219 Decades : 1180s 1190s 1200s 1210s 1220s 1230s 1240s Centuries : 12th century 13th century 14th century Events April First Barons ' War : Prince Louis of France , the future King Louis VIII , invades England .
Jean-Jacques de Morgan -LRB- 1857 , Huisseau-sur-Cosson , Loir-et-Cher - 1924 -RRB- The Experience of Ancient Egypt - Page 137 by Ann Rosalie David was a French mining engineer Satellite Images and Near Eastern Landscapes , by Nicholas Kouchoukos p. 80 , geologist , and archaeologist .
Mieszko II of Poland , king of Poland from 1025 to 1031 , duke from 1032 to 1034
In 2006 , Thile formed the How to Grow a Band , with whom he recorded How to Grow a Woman from the Ground , Thile 's fifth album .
In recognition of his extensive volunteering to the sporting community as well as business success , he was bestowed with honorary citizenship by the city of Haifa , in 1993 .
The word skepticism can characterise a position on a single claim , but in scholastic circles more frequently describes a lasting mind-set .
He emerged as one of Cobham 's Cubs , a group of young MPs associated with Lord Cobham .
Long Island is an island located in southeastern New York , United States , just east of Manhattan .
America adopted the British wine gallon -LRB- defined in 1707 as 231 cubic inches exactly -LRB- 3 in × 7 in × 11 in -RRB- -RRB- as its basic liquid measure , from which the U.S. wet pint is derived , and the British corn gallon -LRB- of a standard '' Winchester '' bushel of corn , or 268.8 cubic inches -RRB- as its dry measure , from which the US dry pint is derived .
Childhood Ernest Shackleton was born on 15 February 1874 , in Kilkea near Athy , County Kildare , Ireland , about from Dublin .
Manuel I Comnenus orders all the Venetians in the Byzantine Empire to be arrested and their property confiscated .
Franz Josef Strauss -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- 6 September 1915 -- 3 October 1988 -RRB- was a German politician .
William Webb Ellis is often credited with the invention of running with the ball in hand in 1823 at Rugby School when he allegedly caught the ball while playing football and ran towards the opposition goal .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
Liverpool Football Club is an English professional football club based in Anfield , Liverpool .
As a result of large investments in nuclear technology , most of the electricity produced in the country is generated by 59 nuclear power plants -LRB- 78 % in 2006 , up from only 8 % in 1973 , 24 % in 1980 , and 75 % in 1990 -RRB- .
A rain dance is a ceremonial dance performed to try to invoke rain to protect the harvest .
Although it could be argued that the game 's origin is Spanish -LRB- from Parchís -RRB- due to the similarity between both games , there is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian .
On November 24 , 2007 , Kelly was released from prison on '' good behavior '' .
It can jump and climb exceptionally well , which enables it to catch hyraxes better than probably any other carnivore .
Edguy was founded in 1992 by 14-year-old students Tobias Sammet , Jens Ludwig , Dirk Sauer , and Dominik Storch .
!
It has been determined by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale to be part of the German Spitz breed , and in many countries , they are known as the Zwergspitz -LRB- Dwarf Spitz -RRB- , or Toy German Spitz .
Taito introduced their first video arcade game in 1973 .
Geographical features include Great Bear Lake , the largest lake entirely within Canada , Great Bear Lake Keller Lake and Great Slave Lakes , as well as the Mackenzie River and the canyons of the Nahanni National Park Reserve , a national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site .
MÃ cents checourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The name '' Blender '' was inspired by a song by Yello , from the album Baby .
A game is a structured , usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool .
Her offspring , Huitzilopochtli , learned of this plan while still in the womb , and before it was put into action , sprang from his mother 's womb fully grown and fully armed . He then killed his sister Coyolxauhqui and many of his 400 brothers .
In reality , the interpretation and execution of policy , etc. can lead to informal influence .
It is always important to think outside the infobox , as to the effect it has outside the English Wikipedia , in the many other-language Wikipedia articles .
After a 17-win season in 1924 â '' 25 where VÃ zina recorded a goals-against average of 1.81 to again lead the league , the Canadiens reached the Stanley Cup Finals .
Former = Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations
The Bering land bridge is significant for several reasons , not least because it is believed to have enabled human migration to the Americas from Asia about 20,000 years ago .
Also known as '' seven eight '' or '' stud eight '' , eight or better is the most common form of high-low split stud .
The municipality comprises the towns of Bekegem , Eernegem and Ichtegem proper .
His son FlÃ riÃ n Albert Jr. was also football player with FerencvÃ ros and played for the Hungarian national team , as well .
In the United States and Canada , the Hells Angels are incorporated as the Hells Angels Motorcycle Corporation .
Mixing green and blue produces shades of cyan , and mixing red and blue produces shades of purple , including magenta .
This strange geography apparently came about because the Niger River is two ancient rivers joined together .
Lahore Division was originally an administrative division of the Punjab Province of British India .
After Blackpool Corporation took over the Blackpool & Fleetwood Tramroad Company in 1920 , the depot was closed .
It won 2 Grammy Awards and an MTV Video Music Award .
Eventually Hunyadi picked Vlad as the Kingdom of Hungary 's candidate for the throne of Wallachia .
In 1954 an area of 1770 k was designated the Yorkshire Dales National Park .
Following the invasion of Poland , Seyss-Inquart became administrative chief for Southern Poland , but did not take up that post before the General Government was created , in which he became a deputy to the Governor General Hans Frank .
It is the easternmost of the three Center City stations on the SEPTA Regional Rail system , and is part of the Center City Commuter Connection , which connects the former Penn Central commuter lines with the former Reading Railroad commuter lines .
Switzerland In Switzerland , the sale and production of absinthe was prohibited from 1910 to 2005 ; the ban was lifted on 1 March 2005 .
A carcinogen is any substance , radionuclide or radiation , that is an agent directly involved in causing cancer .
An example of this type of writing is the Anglo-Saxon Chronicles , which were the work of several different writers : it was started during the reign of Alfred the Great in the late 9th century , but one copy was still being updated in 1154 .
Pilot droids are seen throughout the Star Wars prequel trilogy , Star Wars : Battlefront , and in Star Wars : Battlefront II -LRB- only space -RRB- .
The next WWF Raw was a 2-hour special tribute show to Hart called Raw is Owen , It featured remembrance matches and shoot interviews with fellow wrestlers .
Within the following six hours there were ten aftershocks , two of magnitude 6 or greater , and seven between 5 and 6 .
Rather , he used the ice to cool the ambient room temperature .
Outside Japan , the word is often used to refer to any of the various Japanese drums -LRB- å ' å é 1\/4 '' , '' wa-daiko '' , '' Japanese drum '' , in Japanese -RRB- and to the relatively recent art-form of ensemble taiko drumming -LRB- sometimes called more specifically , '' kumi-daiko '' -LRB- ç å é 1\/4 '' -RRB- -RRB- .
The single was released on 21 August 2006 , reaching number 20 in the UK singles charts .
Francs is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The name Nahe is derived from the Latin word Nava , which is based upon the Celtic origin for the wild river .
The coup leaders quickly issued an emergency decree suspending political activity and banning most newspapers .
Gainesville is a city in Alachua County , Florida , United States .
Whedon wrote the song before the series was greenlit and a preliminary recording performed by Whedon can be found on the DVD release .
La Louvière is the capital of the Centre region , a former coal mining area in the sillon industriel , between the Borinage to the West and the Pays Noir to the East .
Headsets is easy to use because it works like telephone without using hands .
Among solitary and primitively social bees , however , lifetime reproduction is among the lowest of all insects , as it is common for females of such species to produce fewer than 25 offspring .
The band 's first gig following the release of A Weekend In The City was on 5 February 2007 , in Reading , and was broadcast live on BBC 6 Music .
Conversion factors :
The classical tools for studying tissues are the paraffin block in which tissue is embedded and then sectioned , the histological stain , and the optical microscope .
Martyrdom Epistles attributed to St. Ignatius report his arrest by the authorities and travel to Rome : Along the route he wrote six letters to the churches in the region and one to a fellow bishop .
It consists of corned beef , pork , bacon and onions and is made by grinding the ingredients very fine and then baking it as a loaf in a bread pan until it has a crunchy brown crust .
Simms has been in commercials for the game Jenga , the remedies Tums , Maalox , Advil , Bluefly , Post Cereals Shredded Wheat , and Dairy Queen 's '' Moolatte '' drinks .
Thalassa was discovered sometime before mid-September 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
Hurricane Luis continued to strengthen as it tracked west-northwesward , and a reconnaissance aircraft confirmed on September 3 that the storm had reached Category 4 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
The Aristocats II was supposed to be a direct-to-video sequel to this film .
He has served as music director of the La Scala opera house in Milan , principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , music director of the Vienna State Opera , and principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra from 1989 to 2002 , when he retired from the position for health reasons .
One passenger reported sea water in the cabin at about 03:00 UTC .
__ NOTOC __
A February 2006 bombing that seriously damaged Iraq 's al-Askari Mosque , exacerbated tensions that had already existed .
Dubai is also developing as a hub for service industries such as IT and finance , with the establishment of industry-specific free zones throughout the city .
The retail price was $ 800 .
At age twelve , she began studying acting at Houston 's Alley Theatre , and later attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston .
In English usage , Flemish -LRB- Dutch : -RRB- can refer to
Moreover , two vectors can be considered orthogonal if and only if their dot product is zero , and they have non-null length .
He played AAA for the Thunder Bay Kings organization and led his Bantam team to an All-Ontario Championship in 1999-2000 .
Bursovaginoidea
One of Armenia 's famous national heroes Andranik Ozanian , at first , joined the Hunchak party , but disagreement with party policies led Andranik to leave the Hunchak ranks and join the Dashnak party and on to the Armenian Democratic Liberal Ramgavar Party .
Tiger Woods , a famous golf player , is of Thai , African-American , Chinese , Native American , and Dutch descent ; his father being half African American heritage and his mother being half Thai heritage .
It was based on the Volkswagen Group A4 -LRB- PQ34 -RRB- platform and , as such , shared many components in common with other VW Group models such as the Volkswagen Golf Mk4 , Bora and Audi A3 .
A tributary or affluent is a stream or river which flows into a main stem -LRB- or parent -RRB- river or a lake . A tributary does not flow directly into a sea or ocean .
Bibliography Drama The Banana Bender and The death of Minnie .
The school sponsors students to take part in inter-school competition and Courses for Gifted Students offered by educational institutions , such as The Chinese University of Hong Kong and The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
His reputation became entangled in the larger controversies over the effectiveness of the UN and the role of the United States in the UN .
Lake Tahoe is a large freshwater lake in the Sierra Nevada range of the United States .
See also List of time zones Notes References The Australian National Time System National Standards Commission Leaflet No. 8 , January 2003 .
She has since expanded her range , with her more recent films being Fight Club , Wallace & Gromit : The Curse of the Were-Rabbit , and Tim Burton 's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , Corpse Bride , Big Fish , Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street and Alice in Wonderland .
However , the word taupe may often be used to refer to lighter shades of taupe today , and therefore another name for this color is dark taupe .
In 1997\/98 he served as President of the Bundesrat , but he left the office on 27 October , three days before his term expired , when he became Chancellor as head of an SPD\/Green coalition .
A typical fish is ectothermic , has a streamlined body for rapid swimming , extracts oxygen from water using gills or uses an accessory breathing organ to breathe atmospheric oxygen , has two sets of paired fins , usually one or two -LRB- rarely three -RRB- dorsal fins , an anal fin , and a tail fin , has jaws , has skin that is usually covered with scales , and lays eggs .
This led to a theory of unity between subatomic particles and electromagnetic waves called wave -- particle duality in which particles and waves were neither one nor the other , but had certain properties of both .
In 1999 , in order to gain first-team experience , he was loaned to Twente for a season , and was an undisputed starter for a team that finished sixth .
It is 210km long with 7,710 kmÂ watershed .
Section numbers or the equivalent are not considered part of the section titles .
Nobuyo Fujishiro -LRB- born January 25 , 1960 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Salem is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- in Saline County , Arkansas , United States .
New microarchitectures and/or circuitry solutions , along with advances in semiconductor manufacturing , are what allows newer generations of processors to achieve higher performance while using the same ISA .
Journal of Zoological Systematics and Evolutionary Research 45 -LRB- 2 -RRB- , 163 -- 172 .
There , the young salmon are released into the ocean far from any wild salmon streams .
St. Barts has about 25 hotels , most of then with 15 rooms or fewer , and the largest , the Guanahani has just 70 rooms .
She was probably born at Castle Réka , Mecseknádasd , in the region of Southern Transdanubia , Hungary .
The other five union territories are directly ruled by the Centre through appointed administrators .
Biathlon is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines .
Motomachi-Ch Å '' kagai Station opened on February 1 , 2004 with the opening of the Minatomirai Line .
His mastery of verse has been compared to that of Shakespeare , Vondel , Homer , Virgil and Dante .
The name means '' Fruita tooth '' , in reference to Fruita , Colorado -LRB- USA -RRB- , where its fossils were first found .
These include the Niger Delta Development Commission -LRB- NDDC -RRB- , a government initiative , and the Development Initiative -LRB- DEVIN -RRB- , a community development non-governmental organization -LRB- NGO -RRB- based in Port Harcourt in the Niger Delta . Uz and Uz Transnational , a company with strong commitment to the Niger Delta , has introduced ways of developing the poor in the Niger Delta , especially in Rivers State .
He has been honoured with a knighthood -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and as a Companion of Honour -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
Today , the Emperor of Japan is the only remaining monarch in the world who has the title of Emperor .
The Arctic Tern has appeared on the postage stamps of several countries and dependent territories .
Originally , precious and semi-precious metals were made into coins and were used to negotiate and settle trades .
It was first published in three volumes by Joseph Johnson of London in 1801 , and was later reprinted by Pandora Press in 1986 .
The narrator may be a servant of the old man 's or , as is more often assumed , his son .
The precise date of Babajan 's birth is unclear .
Proof of existence of a prime factorization is straightforward : proof of uniqueness is more challenging .
Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
After the war , the ancient central fireplace of the League was reestablished at Buffalo Creek .
The province is the most populated of the 12 provinces .
John Cromwell Mather -LRB- b. August 7 , 1946 , Roanoke , Virginia -RRB- is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist and Nobel Prize in Physics laureate for his work on the Cosmic Background Explorer Satellite -LRB- COBE -RRB- with George Smoot .
They aid in flight , thermal insulation , waterproofing and coloration that helps in communication and protection .
It draws inspiration from classic comic book storylines such as The Man Who Falls , ' , and ' .
He rose to international prominence as conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and since 2002berliner-philharmoniker .
He distributed the taxes back to rightful farmers .
The new tropical storm moved west-northwest , passing north of the Antilles , and reached hurricane strength north of Puerto Rico on August 22 . At this point , Hurricane Bonnie turned to the northwest , away from the Bahamas and Florida , and toward the Carolinas .
The Erzgebirge -LRB- German , -RRB- or Ore Mountains are a mountain range , which for many centuries formed a natural border between Saxony in Germany and Bohemia in today 's Czech Republic , named in both local languages after the ore found there .
Park Road and Whitehourse Lane hold Selhurst Park where Crystal Palace F.C. plays .
Upper Class is the equivalent of business class on all Virgin Atlantic Airwaysâ flights .
In 2005 , he won the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters from the National Book Foundation .
Men of the Bantu tribes are buried in an open space in the midst of their huts ; in the Nilotic tribes , if the first wife of the deceased be alive he is buried in her hut , if not , beneath the verandah of the hut in which he died .
At WWE 's August pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event SummerSlam , Cena successfully defended the championship against Orton , and the following night on Raw , one of WWE 's primary television programs , Orton interfered in Cena 's match with King Booker and cost him the match .
Ricardo Alexandre dos Santos or simply Ricardinho -LRB- born June 24 , 1976 in Passos -RRB- , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder .
Matilda , or Maud , was the daughter of Baldwin V , Count of Flanders and Adèle Capet , herself daughter of Robert II of France .
Rancid is an American punk rock band from Albany , California , formed in 1991 .
JÃ rn Oberg Utzon , AC -LRB- 9 April 1918 â '' 29 November 2008 -RRB- was a Danish architect most notable for designing the Sydney Opera House in Australia .
Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon .
At the beginning of a word , this same character stands for the word '' to '' although the character is written in Braille with no space following it .
JaromÃ r BlaÅ 3\/4 ek -LRB- born 29 December 1972 in Brno -RRB- is a Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays for Sparta Prague in the Gambrinus liga .
Sanam Luang has been used since the time of King Rama I/O. It was the place for royal ceremonies and functions .
2 BC , the year 2 BC
She had two older brothers , Robert and William Jr. , and living briefly in Denver , she grew up in Grand Rapids , Michigan , where she graduated from Central High School .
Though officially classified as a '' probable suicide '' , the possibility of an accidental overdose , as well as the possibility of homicide , have not been ruled out .
Time magazine included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005 .
According to the site , it now carries over 1 million titles .
32 -LRB- thirty-two -RRB- is the natural number following 31 and preceding 33 .
It is the official language of the Indian state of Goa , a minority language in Karnataka and Kerala and is also one of the official languages of India .
May is a month of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere and spring in the Northern Hemisphere .
The next film written and directed by the brothers was the 1987 hit , Raising Arizona .
The London Gazette claims to be the oldest surviving English newspaper and the oldest continuously published newspaper in the UK , having been first published on 7 November 1665 as the Oxford Gazette .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O2/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
Verneil-le-Ch étif is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The Smothers Brothers are an American music-and-comedy team , consisting of the brothers Tom -LRB- '' Tommy '' -RRB- and Dick Smothers .
The New York Rangers beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one for the Stanley Cup .
It was incorporated on July 6 , 1967 as the not-for-profit Ohio College Library Center .
The internal air temperature for radiant heated buildings may be lower than for a conventionally heated building to achieve the same level of body comfort -LRB- when adjusted so the perceived temperature is actually the same -RRB- .
The language used in every day transactions is a unique German dialect , only used in this particular canton .
The first edition was titled : Oliver Twist ; or , The Parish Boy 's Progress .
Gratz is a city in Owen County , Kentucky , United States .
The orchestra was founded in 1918 by Adella Prentiss Hughes , with Nikolai Sokoloff as its principal conductor .
Marollette is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The initial proposal was to use the classical spelling Nyx , but to avoid confusion with the asteroid 3908 Nyx , the spelling was changed to Nix .
It was the first game released for the PlayStation 2 supporting online play , and the last game released on the Nintendo 64 in North America .
After a disagreement with the station , Schilling removed it from that site . Schilling periodically contributes on the ESPN Boston website answering fan questions about the Red Sox or baseball in general .
As of September 1 2007 , the town had an estimated population of 9397 and a density of 97.93 persons per km ² .
In 1999 , Smiley entered the hardcore division . Smiley 's character was nicknamed '' Screamin ' '' Norman Smiley due to his fear of being hit by weapons .
Eton College , often referred to simply as Eton , is a British independent school for boys aged 13 to 18 .
After moving over southeastern Louisiana and Breton Sound , it made its third landfall near the Louisiana/Mississippi border with 120 mph -LRB- 195 km/h -RRB- sustained winds , still at Category 3 intensity .
Palazzo Vescovile , on the third side of the piazza , was built to house the bishops who would travel to Pienza to attend the pope .
South African Republic After the First Boer War -LRB- 1880 81 -RRB- , the South African Republic was granted its independence , albeit under British suzerainty .
Biogas typically refers to a gas produced by the biological breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen .
Lobamba is the traditional and legislative capital of Swaziland , seat of the Parliament and residence of the Queen Mother .
The King 's anger at being forced to marry Anne of Cleves was the opportunity Cromwell 's conservative opponents , most notably the Duke of Norfolk , needed to topple him .
Since dreams were usually prophetic , this depressed him , so his mother Frigg made every object on earth vow never to hurt Baldr .
Wintour told The New York Times , '' I always enjoy a great piece of fiction .
A. Turner : The big cats and their fossil relatives .
This amendment bars the U.S. Congress from giving itself a mid-term pay raise .
Zeta dissipated on January 6 , 2006 , having become the longest-lived January tropical cyclone in Atlantic basin history .
In his autobiography Veeck as in Wreck , Bill Veeck commemorated Gaedel as '' the best darn midget who ever played big-league ball . ''
he did his Phd in london . -RRB-
Baldheri , Gojri , Hal Maira Uta , Hal Maira Tarta , Jalalpura , More Kalan , Sajikot and TannanBaldheri Union Council
The word '' Nepal '' is believed by scholars to be derived from the word '' Nepa : '' which refers to the Newar Kingdom , the present day Kathmandu Valley .
In psychology , procrastination refers to the act of replacing high-priority actions with tasks of low-priority , and thus putting off important tasks to a later time .
In 1861 , he was appointed the chief notary of the Fiume -LRB- Rijeka -RRB- county .
KFC Corporation -LRB- KFC -RRB- , founded and also known as Kentucky Fried Chicken , is a chain of fast food restaurants based in Louisville , Kentucky , in the United States .
Dissociative amnesia results from a psychological cause as opposed to direct damage to the brain caused by head injury , physical trauma or disease , which is known as organic amnesia .
The word '' globe '' comes from the Latin word globus , meaning round mass or sphere .
Phyllopteryx taeniolatus , the weedy sea dragon or common sea dragon , is a marine fish related to the seahorse .
The state with the most is Texas -LRB- 254 -RRB- .
Death in Venice is an opera in two acts by Benjamin Britten , his last .
He was Afghanistan 's de facto head of state from 1996 to late 2001 , under the official title of Head of the Supreme Council .
Understood theologically in Hinduism , Sita is an avatÄ ra of Lakshmi .
Glendale also is home to Midwestern University , metropolitan Phoenix 's first medical school , as well as a major post-graduate international business school : the Thunderbird School of Global Management .
Monroe reportedly had affairs with both President John F. Kennedy and his brother Senator Robert Kennedy .
The evolutionary\/intentionality theory , developed by David Rindos and others , views agriculture as an evolutionary adaptation of plants and humans .
The main source of revenue comes from Coffee that is grown in the mountainous regions of the province , and during the coffee harvest , there may be roadblocks , where soldiers ensure that the coffee is delivered to the government and not the black market .
The term service economy refers to a model wherein as much economic activity as possible is treated as a service .
Villeret is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Mosques originated on the Arabian Peninsula , but are now found in all inhabited continents .
Masaki Tsuchihashi -LRB- born July 23 , 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Notably :
The nature of the encyclopedia is reflected in its secondary title : '' General , Jewish , and Israeli . ''
When George Bass sailed past the area at the end of 1797 he was unable to identify the point , and it therefore did n't appear on the charts Matthew Flinders produced of their voyages , and the name fell into disuse .
Sherwood Pictures is an American Christian film production company in Albany , Georgia .
Although there were huge difficulties , due to the mountains and glaciers , the Dogras under Gulab Singh 's officer , Zorawar Singh conquered the whole of Ladakh in two campaigns .
From 1989-2001 , It was known as Afternoon Sportscene and previous presenters have included Bill McFarlen , Rob Maclean , Dougie Donnelly and Dougie Vipond .
Sometimes passage tombs are covered with a cairn , especially those dating to later times .
In addition , spent fuel rods stored in spent fuel pools of units 1 â '' 4 began to overheat as water levels in the pools dropped .
The original intention was to provide a home for their opera company , the English Opera Group , but the vision was soon widened to include readings of poetry , literature , drama , lectures and exhibitions of art .
ISBN 9781844071937 .
After the end of World War II in 1945 , the organization was revived as the International Criminal Police Organization by European Allies of World War II officials from Belgium , France , Scandinavia and the United Kingdom .
This doctrine was defended by his younger countryman Zeno of Elea -LRB- 490-430 BCE -RRB- in a polemic against the common opinion which sees in things multitude , becoming , and change .
Many performances of this song were shown on Korean TV .
The hurricane destroyed thousands of houses , leaving 30,000 people homeless .
The entire reef system in the Florida Keys is encompassed by the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary , and significant portions of reef are protected as part of Biscayne National Park .
Carly Rae Patterson -LRB- born February 4 , 1988 in Baton Rouge , Louisiana -RRB- is a singer and former gymnast .
A meristem is the tissue in all plants consisting of undifferentiated cells -LRB- meristematic cells -RRB- and found in zones of the plant where growth can take place .
A striking contrast is formed between Wormwood and Screwtape during the rest of the book .
Jack William Szostak -LRB- born November 9 , 1952 -RRB- is an American biologist of Polish British descent and Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School and Alexander Rich Distinguished Investigator at Massachusetts General Hospital , Boston .
Weather A weather system is integrated into various parts of the landscape and allows a variety of weather effects , such as sunshine , storms and showers .
Myxobolus cerebralis is a myxosporean parasite of salmonids -LRB- salmon , trout , and their allies -RRB- that causes whirling disease in farmed salmon and trout and also in wild fish populations .
The discography of the R&B girl group Destiny 's Child , consists of four studio albums , one compilation album , one holiday album , one remix album , one extended play , nineteen singles and three video albums .
History During the 1600s , both Dutch and British pirates attempted to take control of what is today Sancti Spíritus province , but with little success , as the Spanish garrison held them off .
It encompasses the combined area of Derbyshire , Leicestershire , Rutland , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire and most of Lincolnshire .
In physics and thermodynamics , heat is energy transferred from one body or system to another due to thermal interaction or thermal contact .
Shortly after graduating from the Royal College of Art after a two-year furniture MA course in 1994 , he was commissioned by Harvey Nichols department store in Knightsbridge to design a temporary structure for the shop 's facade .
An extension to the Metrolink tram system with a stop at the stadium was announced in 2000 , but following a government spending review the plan was put on hold in July 2004 .
The European cantaloupe is lightly ribbed , with a gray-green skin that looks quite different from that of the North American cantaloupe .
The Epistle of Paul to the Colossians , usually referred to simply as Colossians , is the 12th book of the New Testament .
Recherswil is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt , in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Formed in London in 1997 by frontmen Carl Barât -LRB- vocals\/lead guitar -RRB- and Peter Doherty -LRB- vocals\/rhythm guitar -RRB- , the band also includes John Hassall -LRB- bass -RRB- -LRB- although Ed Graves of Evolver and Danny Herman of Audiovisuals were also tried as bassists -RRB- and Gary Powell -LRB- drums -RRB- for most of its recording career .
James II & VII -LRB- 14 October 1633 -- 16 September 1701 -RRB- was King of England and King of Ireland as James II and King of Scotland as James VII , from 6 February 1685 .
The Library has particular collection strengths in the performing arts , including dance .
Zenwalk aims to be a modern and multi-purpose Linux distribution by focusing on Internet applications , multimedia and programming tools .
The novel was Edgeworth 's second published , and was considered controversial in its day for its depiction of an interracial marriage .
Foundation of important historical journals The idea of the historical journal , a forum where academic historians could exchange ideas or publish newly discovered facts , came into being in the nineteenth century .
Many of the species have sweetly-scented , bell-shaped flowers that produce a sweet , edible nectar .
Le Sars is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Herod was '' troubled '' , not because of the appearance of the star , but because the magi told him that a '' king of the Jews '' had been born , which he understood to refer to the Messiah , a leader of the Jewish people whose coming was foretold in Old Testament prophecy .
Historically , the name Scottish Borders designated the entire border region of southern Scotland and , together with neighbouring areas of England , was part of the historical Borders region .
It is the only area where the administrative boundary of 1902 between the two countries runs south of the political boundary of 1899 , which had been defined as the 22 Â north circle of latitude .
The two-dimensional analogue of a 4-polytope is a polygon , and the three-dimensional analogue is a polyhedron .
The seventh match was the main event from the SmackDown brand , a Punjabi Prison match for the World Heavyweight Championship , in which the champion , Batista , defended his title against The Great Khali .
The statue on top of the dome is the Statue of Freedom .
The 1960 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1960 , United Press International .
1 Stage
The Ro o a River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania .
Any -LRB- normally any account older than 4 days with at least 10 edits -RRB- can mark a page as patrolled .
Unlike his inventions , the mathematical writings of Archimedes were little known in antiquity .
Suhoor , also called Sehri , Sahari and Sahur in other languages , is an Islamic term referring to the meal consumed early in the morning by Muslims before fasting , sawm , in daylight hours during the Islamic month of Ramadan .
Vladimir Kozlov
The Wonder Girls -LRB- Korean : -RRB- are a South Korean girl group .
It is about 75 kmÂ -LRB- approximately 18,500 acres -RRB- in size .
Steroid allegations In August 2007 , Bautista was accused of anabolic steroid use after an ESPN article released the names of wrestlers that were clients of Signature Pharmacy of Orlando , Florida , one of many pharmacies under investigation for filling illegal prescription drugs .
British Ambassadors to foreign nations are regularly appointed as KCMGs or CMGs .
Asimov 's most famous work is the Foundation Series ; his other major series are the Galactic Empire series and the Robot series , both of which he later tied into the same fictional universe as the Foundation Series to create a unified '' future history '' for his stories much like those pioneered by Robert A. Heinlein and previously produced by Cordwainer Smith and Poul Anderson .
He moved to the Dockery Plantation near Indianola about the same time as the Pattons , between 1901 and 1904 .
In 1972 both districts were merged into one .
Body -LRB- publishing -RRB- , the main part of an article
He also held positions as keyboard player in the privy chamber of the court of Prince Charles -LRB- later King Charles I -RRB- , and organist at Westminster Abbey .
Nintendo Research and Development 1 -LRB- R&D 1 -RRB- was Nintendo 's oldest development team .
Other goals included : to emphasise the role of literature in the development of mutual understanding and world culture ; to fight for freedom of expression ; and to act as a powerful voice on behalf of writers harassed , imprisoned and sometimes killed for their views .
In mathematics , an ordered pair is a collection -LRB- of objects -RRB- having two coordinates -LRB- or entries or projections -RRB- , such that it is distinguishable , which object is the first coordinate -LRB- or first entry or left projection -RRB- of the pair and which object is the second coordinate -LRB- or second entry or right projection -RRB- of the pair .
It is the capital of Sánchez Ramírez Province in the Cibao .
Indian Economic Review , Vol .
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Maiko learn from their senior geisha mentor and follow them to all their engagements .
The skate park in the center of town provides sporting opportunities , and holds an annual competition .
It requires that hypotheses be explained and tested only by reference to natural causes and events .
is an Austrian Benedictine abbey , and one of the world 's most famous monastic sites .
Turnhout -LRB- -RRB- is a Belgian municipality located in the Flemish province of Antwerp .
The national anthem of the Netherlands , Het Wilhelmus , was originally a propaganda song for William .
500s
However , after only a few weeks , Zuckerman suddenly sells Cardigan to another farmer , so Wilbur , along with Charlotte 's daughters and Templeton the Rat , set out to visit Cardigan and make sure he 's okay .
After the recapture of Constantinople by imperial forces , the empire was little more than a Greek state confined to the Aegean coast .
Vancouver is located at 45 Â 38 â 1 â North , 122 Â 36 â 11 â West -LRB- 45.633743 , â ' 122.603011 -RRB- just north of the Columbia River , just west of where the Columbia River Gorge bisects the volcanic Cascade Range and just east of where the Willamette River enters the Columbia . The city of Vancouver is in the Western Lowlands region of Washington .
The cubic metre -LRB- US spelling : cubic meter , symbol : m3 -RRB- is the SI derived unit of volume .
Production Bryan Singer , the director of the first two X-Men films , left the project during preproduction in order to direct the film Superman Returns .
Cancer is small and its stars are faint .
The national flag of Sierra Leone was officially hoisted on April 27 , 1961 .
There was a large court battle in which his widow Valerie -LRB- who he was not fully divorced from at the time of his death -RRB- and the mistress fought over his estate .
The guitarist Mikael Karlbom was hired as a replacement for Raimoranta .
The nitrogen atom in the molecule has a lone electron pair , which makes ammonia a base , a proton acceptor .
In television , a season premiere refers to the first episode of a new television season for a series that has been renewed .
The 2002 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15 , 2002 in the eastern Pacific , and June 1 , 2002 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 2002 .
After the 2009 â '' 10 season Bergenheim left the Islanders and signed as a free agent to a one-year contract with the Tampa Bay Lightning on August 17 , 2010 .
A hierarchy -LRB- Greek : hierarchia -LRB- -RRB- , from hierarches , '' leader of sacred rites '' -RRB- is an arrangement of items -LRB- objects , names , values , categories , etc. -RRB- in which the items are represented as being '' above , '' '' below , '' or '' at the same level as '' one another and with only one '' neighbor '' above and below each of power is called a power structure .
It is currently being shown on Adult Swim Video and on Adult Swim on Saturday nights .
The neo-Gothic façade was constructed over the nondescript exterior that was common to Catalan churchesEdward Steese , '' The Great Churches of Catalonia '' Parnassus 7.3 -LRB- March , 1935:9 -12 -RRB- p. 9 .
An acoustic version of this song was performed live on the CJZN Radio station in Victoria , British Columbia , on January 18 , 2007 , before a Billy Talent concert featuring Rise Against , Anti-Flag , and Moneen .
Panofsky :223 This may have been in part to his declining health , but perhaps also because of the time he gave to the preparation of his theoretical works on geometry and perspective , the proportions of men and horses , and fortification .
Bursitis\/Tendinitis , Shoulder pain , wrist , biceps , leg , knee -LRB- patellar -RRB- , ankle , hip , and Achilles
He abdicated in favor of his son , Ferdinando IV , on 21 July 1859 , but Ferdinando IV was never recognized in Tuscany , and was deposed by the provisional government on 16 August .
A playmaker and striker who made his international debut at age 19 in 1958 , he played at the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile , the 1966 FIFA World Cup in England and the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico , earning a total of 33 caps and scoring 13 goals .
or regimental . -RRB-
Denis Bernard Herron -LRB- born June 18 , 1952 in Chambly , Quebec -RRB- is a former Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens , Kansas City Scouts , and Pittsburgh Penguins in the National Hockey League .
He died in Paris on 5 September 1857 and was buried in the famous Cimetière du Père Lachaise .
B -RRB- Superior lacrimal punctum
Shepreth is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire . Shepreth railway station is on the Great Northern Line , the main line between Cambridge and London .
He is perhaps best known for his Academy Award-winning portrayal of Rod Tidwell in Cameron Crowe 's 1996 film Jerry Maguire , and his critically acclaimed performance as Tré Styles in John Singleton 's 1991 film Boyz n the Hood .
The yellowish eggs are laid in clusters on the host plant leaves .
After a chaotic short revival of the Commonwealth of England , the monarchy was restored in May 1660 , largely through the initiative of General George Monck .
Mugunghwa samcheonlli hwaryeogangsanDaehansaram daehaneuro giri bojeonhase Three thousand Li of splendid rivers and mountains , filled with Roses of Sharon ; Great Korean People , stay true to the Great Korean way .
This is literally the peak of Frieza 's potential , and the maximum amount of power his body can output ; at full power , he is able to fight Super Saiyan Goku on an almost even level .
Batista won the 2005 Royal Rumble , by last eliminating John Cena , earning the right to participate in the main event of WrestleMania 21 against the champion of his choice .
He was ordered to serve one year of re-education through labor -LRB- å å æ å
It is usually performed by a single comedian with the aid of a microphone , either hand-held or mounted on a stand .
She went on tour with the Oyster Band , and the Rykodisc label published a limited-run promotional live album the following year . Many of her current fans first discovered her through this tour and album with the Oyster Band .
The Music Corporation of America -LRB- better known as MCA -RRB- , mainly a talent agency , had also become a powerful television producer , renting space at Republic Studios for its Revue Productions subsidiary .
Bessie Smith -LRB- April 15 , 1894 â '' September 26 , 1937 -RRB- was an American blues singer .
See e.g. Ogden -LRB-/O1999/O-RRB- , p. xxx .
Hot Space is an album by English rock band Queen , released in 1982 -LRB- see 1982 in music -RRB- .
f = frac -LCB- v -RCB- -LCB- lambda -RCB- .
John IX was Pope of the Catholic Church from 898 to 900 .
In 1981 Rutter founded his own choir , the Cambridge Singers , which he conducts and with which he has made many recordings of sacred choral repertoire -LRB- including his own works -RRB- , particularly under his own label Collegium Records .
Silenoz -LRB- Sven Atle Kopperud -RRB-
The Monarchy bore the name internationally of '' Österreichisch - Ungarische Monarchie '' -LRB- on decision by Franz Joseph I in 1868 -RRB- , which in full meant '' The Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Crown of St. Stephen '' .
In career -LRB- 1968-1982 -RRB- played for clubs São Cristovão - BA , Galícia , Fluminense , Flamengo , Bangu and in Saudi Arabia with Al-Ahli .
James Nelson gave the course , which was based on the famous textbook by Paul Samuelson .
'' Tommy 's First Birthday '' was originally broadcast on the television network Nickelodeon on August 11 , 1991 .
The two services are sometimes referred to under the collective name '' Nickelodeon\/Nick at Nite '' , due to their association as two individual channels sharing the same channel space .
Further work with Rick Wakeman , Steve Howe , Billy Sherwood , Trevor Rabin , Esquire and The Syn
Balinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Pierre-Aigle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Dionysius Exiguus -LRB- Dennis the Little or Dennis the Short , meaning humble -RRB- -LRB- c. 470 c. 544 -RRB- was a sixth century monk born in Scythia Minor , modern Dobruja , Romania -LRB- a small portion is in Bulgaria -RRB- .
Bressolles is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Kleve -LRB- district -RRB- or Kreis Kleve -LRB- Cleves in former English use -RRB- is a Kreis -LRB- local-government district -RRB- in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
The show pits contestants against each other to complete a series of stunts better and/or quicker than all the other contestants , by doing this in the fastest time , for a grand prize of US$ 50,000 .
Progressive bluegrass is one of two major subgenres of bluegrass music .
At the Mercer Area Junior and Senior High Schools , Reznor learned to play the saxophone and tuba .
1901 -LRB- MCMI -RRB- was a common year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Monday of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar .
Western interest in geisha increased with the 1997 novel and 2005 film Memoirs of a Geisha and the autobiography of former geisha Iwasaki Mineko , titled Geisha of Gion .
As of 2000 , the population was 30,622 .
After killing a man , allegedly in self-defense , he spent time at the Mississippi State Penitentiary -LRB- Parchman Farm -RRB- in 1928 and 1929 .
The ice cap covers an area of about , feeding many outlet glaciers .
'' Hope '' is the title of a song by Canadian music group Our Lady Peace . It was the third single released from their debut 1994 album , Naveed .
A musket is a muzzle-loaded , smooth bore long gun , fired from the shoulder .
His cousin Henry Judah was later elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Champlain .
The Mines of Paris -LRB- in French Carrières de Paris -- '' quarries of Paris '' -RRB- comprise a number of abandoned , subterranean mines under Paris , France , connected together by galleries .
Hyles -- Anderson College is an unaccredited Bible college in unincorporated Crown Point , Lake County , Indiana , Spivak , Diane Hyles ' birthplace to be rebuilt on campus : Texas home of college co-founder will rest at Hyles-Anderson Northwest Indiana Times 7 November 2001 with a postal address at 8400 Burr Street , Crown Point , Indiana .
The Emperors during this time , which spanned the Meiji , TaishÅ , and ShÅ wa eras , are now known in Japan by their posthumous names , which coincide with those era names : Emperor Meiji -LRB- Mutsuhito -RRB- , Emperor TaishÅ -LRB- Yoshihito -RRB- , and Emperor ShÅ wa -LRB- Hirohito -RRB- .
All Saints DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- in east London .
My Arms , Your Hearse marked the beginning of a shift in the band 's sound , focusing less on guitar harmonies and more heavily on progressive metal riffs .
Thirty species of whales , dolphins , and porpoises have been recorded in the Great Barrier Reef , including the dwarf minke whale , Indo-Pacific humpback dolphin , and the humpback whale .
The classical symptoms of measles include four day fevers , the three Cs -- cough , coryza -LRB- runny nose -RRB- and conjunctivitis -LRB- red eyes -RRB- .
He once remarked on its importance to him , saying , '' I prefer a round sound with no attitude in it , like a round voice with not too much tremolo and not too much bass .
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency -LRB- ISO 3166\/MA -RRB- .
In time , the boxers began to fight while standing and wearing gloves -LRB- with spikes -RRB- and wrappings on their arms below the elbows , but otherwise they fought naked .
Gianluca Zambrotta -LRB- born February 19 , 1977 -RRB- is a world cup winning Italian footballer who currently plays as a full back for Serie A club Milan .
, the Flemish ell -LRB- approx . -RRB-
The Weber -- Fechner law attempts to describe the relationship between the physical magnitudes of stimuli and the perceived intensity of the stimuli .
Avalanches are likely to be triggered on many slopes even if only light loads -LSB- 2 -RSB- are applied .
-LRB- In contrast , organisms that live in more moderate environments may be termed mesophiles or neutrophiles . -RRB-
In June 2007 , representatives of the three countries announced they would bid , as a single political entity , for the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates .
Benny -LRB- Marshall Porter -RRB- - As the youngest , smartest , and neatest roommate in his house , Benny kind of ignores the pigsty that he lives in .
The patented orange hybrid was later sold by William Wolfskill to the Irvine Ranch owners , who would plant nearly half of their lands to its cultivation .
Annabeth is held captive by Luke , and has been handcuffed and gagged .
The Weber -- Fechner law attempts to describe the relationship between the physical magnitudes of stimuli and the perceived intensity of the stimuli .
Babbage 's machines were among the first mechanical computers , although they were not actually completed , largely because of funding problems and personality issues .
Radric Davis -LRB- born February 2 , 1980 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Gucci Mane , is an American rapper .
Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On January 1 , 2006 , Clavier had a total population of 4,172 .
Vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d. , but the documents are not clear .
Notrium is a freeware video game for Microsoft Windows .
Adriano Leite Ribeiro -LRB- born February 17 , 1982 in Rio de Janeiro -RRB- , commonly known as simply Adriano , is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Corinthians .
Tourgéville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
First Corinthians -LRB- ca .
The European Parliament election was the United Kingdom 's component of the 2009 European Parliament election , the voting for which was held on Thursday 4 June 2009 , coinciding with the 2009 local elections in England .
MEPIS is developed and maintained by an active community begun by Warren Woodford and the eponymous company MEPIS LLC .
Sexual desires could be false assumptions that are foisted on you by society , hence you may need to look at how your sexuality is ideologically and institutionally constructed .
-- Hideo Kojima -LRB- creator of the Metal Gear Solid video games for Konami -RRB- , in the Sunday , 2 October 2005 entry of his English blog -LRB- Archive.org copy -RRB- '' On October 10th Maruzen will close their Kyoto shop which is associated with this novel Lemon .
In astronomy , a planet 's elongation is the angle between the Sun and the planet , as viewed from Earth .
The Massa area is of high touristic value and also hosts a concentration of some 600 industrial and craft activities , located within the so-called Apuan Industrial Zone , with a direct employment of more than 7,000 people .
They are sometimes mistaken for a Siberian Husky , but in fact are quite different in many ways .
Sauveterre-de-Guyenne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
At various times , the beginning of a paragraph has been indicated by the pilcrow : .
King Henry VI had admired the achievements of William of Wykeham , who had founded the twin colleges of New College , Oxford -LRB- King 's College 's Sister College -RRB- and Winchester College in 1379 .
Additionally , vomit and menstrual waste are sometimes disposed of in toilets in some societies .
In their debut at the 2007 World Figure Skating Championships , they placed 6th , the debut highest placement of a Canadian team in decades .
Nick , Jr. , About Max & Ruby The show presents an uplifting message for its audience by showing Max and Ruby playing together and exercising respect and love in resolving their conflicts .
It takes its name from the nearby former East India Docks of the Port of London , where ships trading with the Indian subcontinent used to dock .
Barbeville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is the most recognizable species of fox and in many areas it is referred to simply as '' the fox '' .
Valdivia is a city and commune in southern Chile administered by the Municipality of Valdivia .
The other species , Meleagris ocellata , known as the Ocellated Turkey , is native to the forests of the Yucatán Peninsula .
Olmec The Olmec civilization emerged around 1200 BCE in Mesoamerica and ended around 400 BCE .
Biriatou -LRB- Basque Biriatu -RRB- is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Niederurnen is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
One driving motor , Number 3016 , has been preserved and is in storage at the Walthamstow Pump House Museum .
In humans they are present in the vagina and the gastrointestinal tract , where they are symbiotic and make up a small portion of the gut flora .
Software engineering -LRB- SE -RRB- is a profession dedicated to designing , implementing , and modifying software so that it is of higher quality , more affordable , maintainable , and faster to build .
The word '' Tizimin '' means '' tapir '' in the Maya language .
Urdu in its less formalised register has been referred to as a rekhta -LRB- Ø Û Ø Ø Û , -LRB- reË xtÌ aË -RRB- -RRB- , meaning '' rough mixture '' .
The application is also an interface to manage the contents on Apple 's iPod and iPhone lines , as well as the iPad .
There are some reports that they can be repelled by the scent of wood from juniper and cedar , by lavender , or by other natural oils .
she had a son named Lars
Saint-Pierremont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The city changed hands several times .
In 2001 the population was 204 .
In February , he issued the Reichstag Fire Decree which suspended various civil liberties , and in March he signed the Enabling Act , in which parliament gave Hitler 's government legislative powers .
Stretches of Chang Jiang have local names such as the Chuanjiang -LRB- , for the Sichuan portion of the river from Yibin to Yichang -RRB- , Jingjiang -LRB- , for the Jingzhou section of the river -RRB- and Yangzi Jiang -LRB- near Yangzhou -RRB- .
Cauvignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
They harness a clean and renewable energy source .
It was also known as Sofievka or Zofiówka , named after Sofia , a Russian princess who donated land for the Jewish settlement .
They have been described as an oshare kei band , a subset of visual kei ; however , they refer themselves to Visual Kei .
After conventional civil rights tactics of peaceful pickets seemed to have failed , the Oakland , California Stop the Draft Week ended in mass hit and run skirmishes with the police .
The British Rail Class 312 is a type of alternating current -LRB- AC -RRB- electric multiple unit -LRB- EMU -RRB- built in 1975-1977Marsden -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , page42 intended for use on outer-suburban passenger services .
Leno 's show would be shortened from an hour to 30 minutes .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
Earlville is located at .
Speech corpus , in linguistics , a large set of speech audio files
They trace much of their heritage to groups of Brythonic speakers who settled the area from south western Great Britain in two waves from the 4th to 6th centuries .
Tetraphobia is an aversion to or fear of the number .
He was given the title of LSO President , which he held until his death .
The company 's two principal divisions are the New York Mercantile Exchange and Commodity Exchange , Inc -LRB- COMEX -RRB- , once separately owned exchanges .
On July 1 , 2006 , Haslen incorporated the neighbouring municipalities of Leuggelbach and Nidfurn .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party -LRB- SDHP -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
She was convicted and sentenced in Bali on 27 May 2005 by the Denpasar -LRB- Indonesia -RRB- District Court and currently serves her sentence in Kerobokan Prison , Bali .
Development -LRB- differential geometry -RRB- , the process of rolling one surface over another
is a town located in Kuji District , Ibaraki , Japan .
The head and thorax are white with the abdomen being yellow-orange with a row of black spots .
Adults are colored predominantly green on their upperparts and breast .
It became part of the reconstituted state of Brandenburg with German reunification in 1990 .
In some cases a more experienced editor may make a non-trivial edit to your user page , in which case that editor should leave a note on your talk page explaining why this was done .
On the November 24 episode of Raw , Jericho defeated Randy Orton and Batista in a Triple Threat match to earn a title match against Cena at Armageddon .
1961 & ndash ; Nuclear testing : The Soviet Union detonates the hydrogen bomb Tsar Bomba over Novaya Zemlya ; at 58 megatons of yield , it is still the largest explosive device ever detonated , nuclear or otherwise .
Malcolm and Angus Young developed the idea for the band 's name after their older sister , Margaret Young , saw the initials '' AC\/DC '' on a sewing machine .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai .
In the movie , Setsuna initially pilots a repaired version of 00-Riser Gundam -LRB- it use double particle tanks instead of two GN Drive -RRB- named the 00 Raiser Condenser Type , later in the movie however , he pilots his new mobile suit 00 Qan -LRB- T -RRB- -LRB- '' Double Oh Quanta '' -RRB- , a new mobile suit specifically suited to his Innovator abilities .
The X Window System was soon ported to Linux .
Naomi Shemer , Israeli songwriter
Founded in 1912 and currently owned by media conglomerate Viacom , it is America 's oldest existing film studio ; it is also the last major film studio still headquartered in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles .
Discovered by William Herschel in 1787 , Titania is named after the queen of the fairies in Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
On June 9 2010 , Hendry won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks .
Urho Kaleva Kekkonen -LRB- ; 3 September 1900 -- 31 August 1986 -RRB- was a Finnish politician who served as Prime Minister of Finland -LRB- 1950 â '' 1953 , 1954 â '' 1956 -RRB- and later as the eighth President of Finland -LRB- 1956 -- 1982 -RRB- .
L. Macy -LRB- accessed December 20 , 2008 -RRB- , grovemusic.com -LRB- subscription access -RRB- .
She is best known for playing the character Cordelia Chase in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off Angel , for which she was nominated for four Saturn Awards .
The name comes from the gallo-romanic graneca , meaning by the grainery .
Nordhausen is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the north of Thuringia , Germany .
The Province of Avellino is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
Último Dragón and Shannon Moore started the match with Dragón getting a pinfall victory after the Dragon-DDT , but was then forced to submit by Jamie Noble with the Dragon Sleeper , who next eliminated Funaki in 8 seconds , a WrestleMania record .
Kievan Rus ' accepts Eastern Orthodox Christianity
Chandler was the fourth of five children in his family .
And descent groups , lineages , etc. are treated in their own subsections , see Contents below .
Ryoji Ujihara is a Japanese football player .
Direct Action Day Under Suhrawardy 's direction , the Bengal Government declared August 16 , 1946 to be a public holiday to celebrate the Direct Action Day called by Jinnah to protest against the Cabinet Mission plan for the independence of India .
Passenger services are provided by CrossCountry , with a very small number of East Midlands Trains London and Local services east of Leicester .
The Connect Music Festival is a music festival that takes place in the grounds of Inveraray Castle , located on the banks of Loch Fyne in Argyll , Scotland .
Bumblebees do not often preserve their nests through the winter , though some tropical species live in their nests for several years -LRB- and their colonies can grow quite large , depending on the size of the nest cavity -RRB- .
The Romans named the planet after the Roman god Jupiter .
Benedict Saul '' Benni '' McCarthy -LRB- born 12 November 1977 -RRB- is a South African footballer who currently plays in the Premier League for West Ham United and internationally for the South African national football team as a striker .
Marcel Desailly -LRB- ; born Odenke Abbey 7 September 1968 in Accra , Ghana -RRB- is a retired French footballer and star of the France national football team squad , with whom he won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 .
He is most famous for being the manager of the West German national team which won the 1954 FIFA World Cup -- The Miracle of Bern .
Shostakovich preferred the revised version , but since his death the original version , possibly with some early revisions , is more often performed .
According to Christmas custom , any two people who meet under a hanging of mistletoe are obliged to kiss .
History and architecture In general terms , the manor house was the dwelling house , or '' capital messuage '' , of a feudal lord of a manor , which he occupied only on occasional visits if he held many manors .
February 18 -- Fort St. Louis is established by a Frenchman at Matagorda Bay , thus forming the basis for France 's claim to Texas .
A ruler , sometimes called a rule or line gauge , is an instrument used in geometry , technical drawing , printing and engineering\/building to measure distances and\/or to rule straight lines .
Players can move freely between fights , but when a group of enemies are encountered , the gameplay switches to the traditional , two-dimensional Tekken style .
For export in the 1970s , the C110 and GC110 Skyline was sold as the Datsun K-series , with models such as the Datsun 160K , 180K and Datsun 240K .
Further west are Topanga Canyon Boulevard -LRB- SR 27 -RRB- , Laurel Canyon Boulevard , Malibu Canyon Road , and Kanan Dume Road .
Most albatrosses range in the southern hemisphere from Antarctica to Australia , South Africa and South America .
cityofbirth = Amparo
In The Lord of the Rings , Tolkien writes that mithril was found only in Khazad-dûm -LRB- Moria -RRB- in Middle-earth , where it was mined by the Dwarves .
MOLECULAR PHYLOGENETICS AND EVOLUTION Vol .
The 1970 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1970 , and lasted until November 30 , 1970 .
The brand is known best as one of the biggest commercial failures in the history of American business .
Germaine Tailleferre -LRB- 19 April 1892 - 7 November 1983 -RRB- was a French composer and the only female member of the famous Group Les Six .
Champs is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Fertilisation is most probably internal .
Many non-Australian species tend to be thorny , whereas the majority of Australian acacias are not .
Males have black stigmata , and females usually have some black below the fore wing cell .
Features Some features of PuTTY are : The storing of hosts and preferences for later use .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the North Atlantic in 2008 .
The total area is 23.72 km , giving a population density of 216 inhabitants per km .
The brand is sold in almost 80 countries around the world , distributed through 15 boutiques that sell no other brand , and over 500 points of sale .
The Walt Disney Concert Hall at 111 South Grand Avenue in Downtown Los Angeles , California is the fourth hall of the Los Angeles Music Center .
Soft water usually comes from peat or igneous rock sources , such as granite but may also derive from sandstone sources , since such sedimentary rocks are usually low in calcium and magnesium .
Salmond previously held the position of leader of the SNP from September 1990 until he stepped down in September 2000 .
Foreste is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
5145 Pholus -LRB- ; from -RRB- is a centaur -LRB- minor planetoid -RRB- of the solar system running in an eccentric orbit , with a perihelion less than Saturn 's and aphelion greater than Neptune 's .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad
Slavery is abolished in Sweden .
This material is then displayed to other cells of the immune system .
Although the Japanese name for kamaboko is becoming increasingly common outside of Japan -LRB- cf . , sushi -RRB- , some extant English names for kamaboko are fish paste , fish loaf , fish cake , and fish sausage -LRB- Tsuji , 1980 -RRB- .
The United States Constitution does n't allow the printing of paper money unless there is enough gold and silver to '' back up '' the paper money .
A similar ratio used in the transport industries , especially in railways and trucking is ` mean distance between failures ' , a variation which attempts to correlate actual loaded distances to similar reliability needs and practices .
The river named DajabÃ n , also known as Masacre , runs through Loma de Cabrera .
Early life Edward was born on 13 June 1330 at Woodstock Palace in Oxfordshire .
The Wild Turkey -LRB- Meleagris gallopavo -RRB- is native to North America and is the heaviest member of the Galliformes . It is the same species as the domestic turkey , which was domesticated from the South Mexican subspecies of the wild turkey .
-- -RRB-
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for locomotives and multiple units operated by British Railways -LRB- BR -RRB- , and this page explains the principal systems .
Kukmang is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
A cosmopolitan biological category , e.g. genus , may be called a cosmopolite .
The ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter is Ï -LRB- pi -RRB- , an irrational constant approximately equal to 3.141592654 . Thus the length of the circumference C is related to the radius r and diameter d by :
A centenarian is a person who has attained the age of 100 years or more .
Nesmith is notable as a songwriter , including '' Different Drum '' sung by Linda Ronstadt with the Stone Poneys , as well as executive producer of the cult film Repo Man .
The writers range from teenagers to those who are in their eighties :
Before regular communication had been established between the two hemispheres , the varieties of domesticated animals and infectious diseases , such as smallpox , were strikingly larger in the Old World than in the New , in part because many migrated west or were brought by traders from Asia , so diseases of two continents were suffered by all .
The organization , one of the '' Original Six '' members of the NHL , is officially known as the Toronto Maple Leaf Hockey Club and is the leading subsidiary of Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment -LRB- MLSE -RRB- .
But the duty to which you have called me must be performed ; â '' grant me , I pray you , your indulgence and your sympathy . ''
Team Gerolsteiner -LRB- UCI Team Code : GST -RRB- was a German road bicycle racing team in the UCI ProTour .
Shri Gurudev Mahendranath had no doubt that Dattatreya was a historical figure .
A special purpose file system is basically any file system that is not a disk file system or network file system .
Mime gives the answer to the first two questions : the WÃ lsungs and Nothung .
The spectrum of Kalliope is an M-type , indicating that its surface may be partially composed of iron -- nickel metal .
On the 20th , Helene turned back to the northwest and weakened slightly due to a slight increase in wind shear .
The New York Dragons are an Arena Football League team who were formed in as the Iowa Barnstormers .
Other notable seventeenth century outbreaks were the Italian Plague of 1629 -- 1631 , and the Great Plague of Seville -LRB- 1647 -- 1652 -RRB- , the Great Plague of London -LRB- 1665 -- 1666 -RRB- , and the Great Plague of Vienna -LRB- 1679 -RRB- .
This affects large institutions , most commonly schools , that route all their Internet traffic through one or two servers .
Lyrics Below are the two versions side by side for comparison : 1908 Version Katie Casey was baseball mad , Had the fever and had it bad .
Significant damage was reported in east-central Mexico as Lorenzo hit the area .
It is the principal city of the McComb , Mississippi , Micropolitan Statistical Area .
The site of his birthplace in Richmond Hill , Bournemouth , next door to The Square is marked with a blue plaque .
It consisted of present-day districts of Mardan and Swabi .
If the charges have opposite signs then the product is negative and the direction of the force on is given by ; the charges attract each other .
He influenced to Armenian literature especially by his Life on the Old Roman Road autobiographical novel -LRB- 1930 , A piece of sky film by Henrik Malian -RRB- which '' reflect the society , culture , and mores not only of the Armenians of his childhood but also of their neighbors in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire '' .
As predicted by Hector with his dying breath , Achilles was thereafter killed by Paris with an arrow -LRB- to the heel according to Statius -RRB- .
Most often today , NAT is used in conjunction with network masquerading -LRB- or IP masquerading -RRB- which is a technique that hides an entire address space , usually consisting of private network addresses -LRB- RFC 1918 -RRB- , behind a single IP address in another , often public address space .
The Pakistan Green Party Green democratic political party in Pakistan . It was founded on April 28 in 2002 and since has been active in local politics .
In plurality voting -LRB- also known as '' first-past-the-post '' -RRB- , voters select only one option , while in approval voting , they can select as many as they want .
Flanimals is a children 's and adults ' book series written by comedian Ricky Gervais .
Myfanwy Piper wrote the English libretto .
Walter Smith , OBE -LRB- born 24 February 1948 in Lanark -RRB- is currently the manager of Scottish Premier League club Rangers .
The canton is one of the drier parts of Switzerland in its central Rhône valley .
Another of his contributions to ethology is his work on imprinting .
The sheep was killed and the car written off , and in the aftermath of this event the informal race became known as the Mutton Grand Prix .
Herbelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His often repetitive , sensitive and exploratory brushstrokes are highly characteristic and clearly recognizable .
Tilde Maria Henny Märta Fröling -LRB- born 15 May 1980 -RRB- is the daughter of the Swedish actors Ewa Fröling and Örjan Ramberg , and a Swedish actress , TV presenter and model .
Scott Allen Young -LRB- born October 1 , 1967 in Clinton , Massachusetts -RRB- is a retired American professional ice hockey right winger .
1915 & ndash ; Denmark amends its constitution to allow women 's suffrage .
There is no -LRB- human -RRB- leader in such a service , Quakers who worship in this tradition often believing that each person is equal before God and is capable of knowing '' the light '' directly . In many yearly meetings in Africa , Asia and parts of the US , worship is programmed .
CITIC Plaza is a skyscraper built in Tianhe District , Guangzhou , People 's Republic of China .
The more familiar mechanical metronome was invented by Dietrich Nikolaus Winkel in Amsterdam in 1812 .
Arica Province is one of two provinces of Chile 's northernmost and most recently created region , Arica and Parinacota -LRB- XV -RRB- .
During its release , McDonald 's sold Christmas musical ornaments containing the movie 's two main characters , Oliver and Dodger , the start of a multi-year agreement of joint promotions with licensed products .
South Dildo is a neighbouring unincorporated community .
The band 's debut album , Out of Ashes was released on October 13 , 2009 .
Sardar Gohar Rehman favored the formation of a Provincial Muslim Conference in Jammu , but he was prevailed upon by the others to accept an All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference .
Other websites Thermal Physics Links on the Web Thermal physics is the combined study of thermodynamics , statistical mechanics , and kinetic theory .
The Bill of Rights -LRB- a short title -RRB- is an act of the Parliament of England , whose title is An Act Declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject and Settling the Succession of the Crown .
Science fiction is largely based on writing rationally about alternative possibilities .
Today , Tagalog , together with its standardized form Filipino , is spoken by over a million Filipino Americans , and is promoted by Filipino American civic organizations and Philippine consulates .
It is most common among nations in the Western world ; one in twenty-two people of Mediterranean descent is a carrier of one gene for CF , making it the most common genetic disease in these populations .
Months pass and Tod and Copper reach adulthood ; Copper has become an experienced hunting dog , while Tod has grown into a handsome fox .
During the Hunger Strikes of 1981 , Adams played an important policy-making role , which saw the emergence of his party as a political force .
Taucha -LRB- Saxony -RRB- Taunusstein -LRB- Hesse -RRB- Tecklenburg -LRB- North Rhine-Westphalia -RRB- Tegernsee -LRB- Bavaria -RRB- Telgte -LRB- North Rhine-Westphalia -RRB- Teltow -LRB- Brandenburg -RRB- Templin -LRB- Brandenburg -RRB- Tengen -LRB- Baden-Württemberg -RRB- Tessin -LRB- Mecklenburg-Vorpommern -RRB- Teterow -LRB- Mecklenburg-Vorpommern -RRB- Tettnang -LRB- Baden-Württemberg -RRB- Teublitz -LRB- Bavaria -RRB- Teuchern -LRB- Saxony-Anhalt -RRB- Teupitz -LRB- Brandenburg -RRB- Teuschnitz -LRB- Bavaria -RRB- Thale -LRB- Saxony-Anhalt -RRB- Thalheim/Erzgeb .
Oisterwijk , North Brabant , Netherlands
Rather , they plot each star on a graph measuring the star 's absolute magnitude or brightness against its temperature and color .
Animals that live in the region include brown hyenas , lions , meerkats , giraffes , warthogs , jackals , several species of antelope -LRB- including the eland , gemsbok , springbok , hartebeest , steenbok , kudu , and duiker -RRB- , and many species of birds and reptiles .
They later came under the authority of the British province of Punjab , with the exception of Tehri-Garhwal , which was under the authority of the United Provinces .
Acy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
He also proposed an econometric model for censored endogenous variables , the well known '' Tobit model '' .
The scientific study of rocks is called petrology , and petrology is an essential component of geology .
After the occupation of Bohemia and Moravia on 15 March 1939 and the Slovak declaration of an independent state , Ruthenia declared its independence -LRB- Republic of Carpatho-Ukraine -RRB- but was immediately occupied and later annexed by Hungary .
It is isolated from the nearest Dravidian-speaking neighbor population by a distance of more than .
In 1933 , Kuhn , Gyorgy , and Wagner found that thiamin-free extracts of yeast , liver , or rice bran prevented the growth failure of rats fed a thiamin-supplemented diet .
When the Israeli team walked into the stadium at the Opening Ceremonies , their national flag was adorned with a black ribbon in commemoration of the 1972 Munich massacre .
She was sent abroad in 1514 around the age of fifteen when her father secured her a place as maid-of-honour to the King 's sister , Princess Mary , who was going to Paris to marry King Louis XII of France .
It has long , pointed earlobes and a squared-off muzzle .
Calanhel is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
At the southwestern edge of the range is the crater Römer , and Newcomb is located in the northeastern section .
Radio Disney broadcasts music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers ; its format can be described as a youth-targeted contemporary hit radio .
This county has a total area of 5,432 kmÂ .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
The temperatures chosen arbitrarily for reference are 100 a/O. The original scale only stretched between VI = 0 -LRB- worst oil , naphthalene -RRB- and VI = 100 -LRB- best oil , paraffin -RRB- but since the conception of the scale better oils have also been produced , leading to VIs greater than 100 -LRB- see below -RRB- .
It was heavily used during World War II , the Korean War , the Vietnam War , as well as during operations in Iraq in the 1990s and 2000s .
1942 & ndash ; World War II : The Battle of Midway begins .
As in Australia , Germany 's mayors serve as the actual executive leaders of their cities .
In it they describe the experience economy , as a next economy following the agrarian economy , the industrial economy and the most recent service economy .
Fabian , the sixth named storm , fourth hurricane , and first major hurricane of the season , developed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean on August 25 .
So the same physical objects and interactions can be described by the fluctuations of one-dimensional black hole horizons , or by three-dimensional horizons , or by zero-dimensional horizons .
The dates 1914 and 1918 appear in the left and right fields respectively .
Marley remains the most widely known and revered performer of reggae music , and is credited with helping spread both Jamaican music and the Rastafari movement to a worldwide audience .
In 1979 , the newly elected Polish Pope John Paul II celebrated Mass on the grounds of Auschwitz II to some 500,000 people .
As of August 2009 , Bonds and Melton are no longer affiliated with the program .
'' Moses our Teacher\/Rabbi '' -RRB- , he is the most important prophet in Judaism , and is also considered an important prophet in Christianity and Islam , as well as a number of other faiths .
Pichilemu -LRB- , -RRB- , previously known as Pichilemo , is a beach resort city in central Chile .
After local dockworkers had refused to unload ammunition supplies throughout the Polish-Soviet War in 1920 , the Westerplatte peninsula -LRB- until then a city beach -RRB- , was also given to Poland to built up an ammunition dump and a military post within the city 's harbour .
Generally the term presupposes that foreplay is skipped and that at least one of the partners climaxes .
As a form of entertainment , the mechanical bull often includes a saddle -LRB- even though saddles are not used in real bull riding -RRB- and often a model head of a bull , complete with horns .
Inkstone A stone or ceramic inkstone is used to rub the solid inkstick into liquid ink and to contain the ink once it is liquid .
Guiry , M.D. , John , D.M. , Rindi , F and McCarthy , T.K. 2007 .
It is available for purchase throughout Melbourne , Regional Victoria , Tasmania , the Australian Capital Territory and border regions of South Australia and Southern New South Wales .
The cathedral has a secluded Gothic cloister where thirteen white geese are kept , the number explained by the assertion that Eulalia was 13 when she was martyred .
Her nationally syndicated talk show , The Laura Ingraham Show , airs throughout the United States on Talk Radio Network .
One of the most beloved Mahasiddhas is Virupa , who may be taken as the patron saint of the Sakyapa sect and instituted the Lamdré -LRB- Tibetan : lam ` bras -RRB- teachings .
Private pleasure craft can fly either the Red Ensign or the Australian National Flag .
The organization and functions of the DoD are set forth in Title 10 of the United States Code .
August 28 , 2005 @ 10:11 a.m. Retrieved on 2006-06-05 .
The chain 's first store opened in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario , under the name '' Tim Horton Donuts '' ; the name was later abbreviated to '' Tim Horton 's '' and then changed to '' Tim Hortons '' without the possessive apostrophe .
Barling is a city in Sebastian County , Arkansas , United States .
They signed with Reprise Records the next year and released their major label debut Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge in 2004 ; the album was a commercial success , selling over one million copies .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 17 , 1989 .
If yours is the rare exception , you should try to make it as easy as possible for the reviewing administrator to see why .
Abu Bakr thus became the first Khalifa Rasul Allah -LRB- Successor of the Messenger of God -RRB- , and embarked on campaigns to propagate the Muslim Religion and Deliver the Message of God .
Soon after , he was elected as the 29th Vice President in 1920 and succeeded to the Presidency upon the sudden death of Warren G. Harding in 1923 .
Fleeing Italy , he returned to the United States where the NBC Symphony Orchestra was created for him in 1937 .
Protected grounds include race , nationality , religion , political opinions and membership and\/or participation in any particular social group or social activities .
After the Second World War , SAAB used the configuration in their first model , the Saab 92 , in 1947 .
Because Sasuke is intended to be Naruto 's opposite , Kishimoto is always careful to make sure Sasuke is never too emotional .
Battle of Vronen : Floris V , Count of Holland defeats the Frisians and retrieves the body of his father , some 26 years dead .
Lobster trapping is a traditionally part of the economy .
The game allows players to create a region of land by terraforming , and then to design and build a settlement which can grow into a city .
Styles and forms of address Most often , a reigning Grand Duke was styled Royal Highness .
Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov -LRB- , -RRB- -LRB- -- February 21 , 1984 -RRB- was a Soviet/Russian novelist and winner of the 1965 Nobel Prize in Literature .
In 1983 , PeÃ a defeated a 14-year incumbent , William H. McNichols , Jr. to become the first Hispanic Mayor of Denver , a post to which he was re-elected in 1987 .
Administratively , it forms a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in north-western France .
Al Shat is a Libyan football club based in Tripoli , Libya .
Cleobulus of Rhodes -LRB- c. 600 BCE -RRB-
Her father Edoardo Fallaci , a cabinet maker in Florence , was a political activist struggling to put an end to the dictatorship of Italian fascist leader Benito Mussolini .
It is the capital and largest city of West Nusa Tenggara province , and has a population of around 342,896 -LRB- estimated in 2005 -RRB- .
The Treaty of Pressburg , in effect , led to the creation of the Confederation of the Rhine .
2004 & ndash ; Madrid train bombings : Simultaneous explosions on rush hour trains in Madrid , Spain , kill 191 people .
Much of human sexual attractiveness is governed by physical attractiveness .
Swadlincote - a potted history -LRB- South Derbyshire District Council -RRB- , accessed December 14 , 2007 The town 's first local government was formed in 1871 , with the creation of Swadlincote and District local board of health .
While he was enrolled in Allegheny College , Reznor joined local band Option 30 , playing three shows a week with them .
Microsoft has announced that Windows Server 2008 is the last 32-bit Windows server operating system . Windows Server 2008 is available in the editions listed below , similar to Windows Server 2003 .
Another major area of neuroscience is directed at investigations of the development of the nervous system .
It was formed in 1972 to preserve the rights of the tribal people in south-eastern Bangladesh , and fought for many years against the government .
John Winston Ono Lennon , MBE -LRB- 9 October 1940 â '' 8 December 1980 -RRB- was an English musician and singer-songwriter who rose to worldwide fame as one of the founding members of The Beatles , one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed acts in the history of popular music .
At the age of seventeen in 1529 , she became the wife of Edward Borough , 2nd Baron Borough of Gainsborough .
She has written novels , poetry , children 's books , essays , and short stories , notably in fantasy and science fiction .
Mary died at Kensington Palace shortly after midnight on the morning of 28 December .
The period of the most significant redevelopment of the city extended from 1971 , when the Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union adopted a decision '' On the measures for further development of the city of Kishinev '' , which secured more than one billion rubles in investment from the state budget , which continued until the independence of Moldova in 1991 .
Rolling Stone link
However , because of widespread pollution during the Industrial Revolution in England , many of the lichens died out , and the trees that peppered moths rested on became blackened by soot , causing most of the light-coloured moths , or typica , to die off from predation .
Chambers 1998 page 603Oxford Illustrated pages 311,380
In 1580 Sumitada gave the jurisdiction of Nagasaki to the Jesuits , and the Portuguese obtained the de facto monopoly on the silk trade with China through Macau .
In 1896 when William Henry Flower took control of the Department he hired Richard Lydekker to rearrange the exhibitions , The Natural History Museum at South Kensington , William T. Stearn ISBN 0-434-73600-7 allowing Thomas to concentrate on these new specimens .
The name of the song is a reference to the original Tupac Shakur song , in which he refers to himself and his gun as the '' '96 Bonnie and Clyde '' .
Finally , on board the ship on tour to South America she succeeded in engaging his affections .
In the Comoros , the '' Military Committee '' of Major Mohamad Bacar seizes power in the island of Anjouan , which had declared independence .
Mamluk sultan of Egypt Khalil invades the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia .
There is a negative sign on the right hand side of the equation because the restoring force always acts in the opposite direction of the displacement -LRB- for example , when a spring is stretched to the left , it pulls back to the right -RRB- .
-
La Cauchie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
ICDO =
It has the highest elevation of any market town in England .
On June 4 , 2007 , he received his country 's highest decoration , the Gran Cruz de la Orden del Sol del Perú . ''
A queen consort is the wife of a reigning king .
Mencas is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The history of the town only dates back to April 15 , 2003 , when the town was formed from the merger of the municipalities of Neuendorf bei Wilster and Sachsenbande to the municipality of Bredensee .
Garden Cress is added to soups , sandwiches and salads for its tangy flavor .
renewed the Seljuk attempt to found a great Turko-Persian empire in eastern Iran .
Like them , it is a creature of the grassy plains and woodlands , and gregarious , where the other wallaroos are solitary .
Dumfries -LRB- according to one theory from the -RRB- is a market town and former royal burgh within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland . It is near the mouth of the River Nith into the Solway Firth .
The first algorithm for finding a minimum spanning tree was developed by Czech scientist Otakar BorÅ vka in 1926 -LRB- see BorÅ vka 's algorithm -RRB- .
Lee Van Cleef -LRB- January 9 , 1925 -- December 16 , 1989 -RRB- was an American film actor who appeared mostly in Western and action pictures .
Noriaki Tsutsui is a former Japanese football player .
Illats is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
They were also recognized as the world 's best-selling female group of all time .
Many old Syrian American families have lost their linguistic traditions due to the fact that many parents do not teach their children Arabic .
The Synod of Cashel ends the Celtic Christian system and brings them under Rome .
Bennett 's politics tended to be anti-Catholic and he had tended to favor the Know-Nothing faction though he was not particularly anti-immigrant as they were .
Hamars is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Electronic Arts -LRB- called EA -RRB- is a big company who makes computer and video games all over the world .
Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
Walter Zenga -LRB- born 28 April 1960 in Milan -RRB- is an Italian football manager and former player , a long-time goalkeeper for the Italian national team and Internazionale , and the former head coach of Serie A team Catania .
Most tourists to Palau stay in Koror , which is the center for Palau 's resort services and house modern conveniences .
Further observations during Cassinis targeted flyby on March 2 , 2010 found no evidence of orbiting ring material .
For example , when a draw note is played , the valve on the blow reed-slot is sucked shut , preventing air from leaking through the inactive blow reed .
Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
After retiring , he stayed connected with football , working extensively in directorial capacities for several clubs .
Li Tie -LRB- ; born September 18 , 1977 in Shenyang , Liaoning -RRB- is a Chinese professional footballer currently playing for Liaoning Hongyun .
Emperor Ai of Han -LRB- 27 BC â '' 1 BC -RRB- was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty .
We say that the halting problem is undecidable over Turing machines .
Beginning with the start of Operation Searchlight on 25 March 1971 and continuing throughout the Bangladesh Liberation War , there were widespread violations of human rights in East Pakistan -LRB- now Bangladesh -RRB- perpetrated by the Pakistan Army with support from local political and religious militias .
Today , hot chocolate is consumed throughout the world and comes in multiple variations including the very thick cioccolata densa served in Italy , and the thinner hot cocoa that is typically consumed in the United States .
Events and trends July 4 , 1776 : The United States Declaration of Independence was ratified by the Continental Congress .
In what became known as the Pennsylvania Mutiny of 1783 , Dickinson sympathized with the protesters and refused to remove them from Philadelphia .
The flood killed over 2,200 people and caused US$ 17 million of damage .
The visual system is the part of the central nervous system which enables organisms to see .
Herbert Spencer -LRB- 27 April 1820 â '' 8 December 1903 -RRB- was an English philosopher , biologist , sociologist , and prominent classical liberal political theorist of the Victorian era .
Binic -LRB- , Gallo : Binic -RRB- is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Henry I of England takes possession of Arundel Castle .
The first symbols of abstract thinking in humans can be traced to fossils dating between 50,000 and 100,000 years ago in Africa .
It was a polytheistic religion , worshipping a number of different deities .
South Australia 's official state abbreviation and postcode
Benjamin Jonson -LRB- c. 11 June 1572 â '' 6 August 1637 -RRB- was an English Renaissance dramatist , poet and actor .
Soap bubbles can help solve complex mathematical problems of space , as they will always find the smallest surface area between points or edges , for example .
The Itza Maya , Ko ` woj , and Yalain groups of Central Peten survived the '' Classic Period Collapse '' in small numbers and by 1250 reconstituted themselves to form competing city-states .
They have been grown as food for domesticated animals for up to 10,000 years .
A small town of around 3,000 , Nokomis features some of the finest public parks in the area . Nokomis is home to 3 public parks : Nokomis Community Memorial Park , Fred B. Johnson Nokomis City Park and the Shane P. Cole Memorial Park .
The song was written by Bon Scott , Angus Young and Malcolm Young .
Year 1967 -LRB- MCMLXVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar .
Square -LRB- algebra -RRB- , the multiplication of a number or other quantity by itself
Cabris is a commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
SIMBAD , entry for Aldebaran , accessed on line June 19 , 2007 .
The poet and story writer Henry Lawson was born on the nearby gold fields .
Fairy tales are found in oral and in literary form .
The London County Council had , for many years , wanted to connect its '' North Side '' and '' South Side '' tramway systems in order to be able to send the '' North Side '' vehicles for overhaul to the Central Repair Depot at Charlton in South East London .
However , some neoplasms which are defined as ` benign tumors ' because they lack the invasive properties of a cancer , may still produce negative health effects .
Biography Karolina Richter , child of musician C.J. Richter , was educated at Dramatens elevskola in Stockholm between 1806 and 1809 , under the principal Sofia Lovisa Gråå .
Religious minorities may only form four percent of Pakistan 's population , but in business , education , medicine , and the arts their contribution is significant .
To date , Breckinridge is the youngest vice president in U.S. history , inaugurated at age 36 .
The 1730s decade ran from January 1 , 1730 , to December 31 , 1739 .
In the holoclips , Anakin and Padmé are discussing a dream of Anakin 's in which Padmé dies in childbirth .
Surprise Moriri , South African footballer
Once this has been completed , the stream of bits is generated using the pseudo-random generation algorithm -LRB- PRGA -RRB- .
Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville captures and destroys St. John 's , Newfoundland .
This process takes several months for human thumbnails .
Domestic policy and the economy eventually emerged as the main themes in the last few months of the election campaign after the onset of the 2008 economic crisis .
But , after Dempsey finally went to a neutral corner , the referee started his count , and Tunney got up at the referee 's count of nine .
The Kingdom of Tungning was a Han Chinese government which ruled Taiwan , between 1662 and 1683 .
Beveren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
As a punishment for her surprising behavior , the governess and Alexandra suggested she be sent to bed ; however Nicholas objected , stating , '' I was always afraid of the wings growing .
For thermal efficiency , the input , Q _ -LCB- in -RCB- , , to the device is heat , or the heat-content of a fuel that is consumed .
Other than agriculture and tourism , the main economic activity in this vast and sparsely settled area is mining .
1999 - Two of a Kind
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1939/1940 season .
Released in 2004 , the single peaked at # 14 in the USA becoming Maroon 5 's fourth Top 20 single ; it also peaked at # 27 in the UK and # 7 in Latin America becoming Maroon 5 's third consecutive Top 10 single .
Butcher made his debut for Ipswich against Everton in the First Division on 15 April 1978 and over the next eight seasons would establish himself as the club 's top central defender , combining leadership with great aerial ability and amazing courage .
The Underground station is closed to all passengers until 2011 while refurbishment and major engineering works take place .
Typically when describing the physical device the term ` engine ' is used .
The term dissertation can at times be used to describe a treatise without relation to obtaining an academic degree .
The theory observes that African pluvial periods are associated with a '' wet Sahara '' phase , during which larger lakes and more rivers exist .
At the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Skipton had a population of 14,313 .
Elements to be considered include window placement , orientation , size and glazing type , thermal insulation , thermal mass , and shading on warm days .
The state average rainfall level of 209.45 m exceeded the previous record of 200.1 m set in 1975 .
Some jurisdictions require that the association register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .
There are other people called Michael Howe
Longueval-Barbonval is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Lemon juice is about 5 % to 6 % -LRB- approximately 0.3 Molar -RRB- citric acid , which gives lemons a sour taste , and a pH of 2 to 3 .
Air Dolomiti L.A.R.E. S.p.A is a regional airline headquartered in Villafranca di Verona , Italy .
Al-Azhar University -LRB- pronounced '' AZ-har '' , ; , '' the Noble Azhar '' -RRB- in Egypt , founded in 970 ~ 972 as a madrasa , is the chief center of Arabic literature and Sunni Islamic learning in the world .
The '' Azza 's Remix '' of '' Jumpin ' , Jumpin ' '' contains newly recorded vocals with slower singing , additional ad-libs by Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland doing lead on chorus and high notes during break .
Isabella 's husband , Samuel Orchart Beeton , was also born in Milk Street .
As a result of its location in the path of major sea routes , Sri Lanka is a strategic naval link between West Asia and South East Asia .
It is part of a broader study known as continuum mechanics .
Blair hated the school and many years later based his posthumously published essay Such , Such Were the Joys on his time there .
Nicole dropped moderate amounts of rainfall in Bermuda , while rough seas caused problems for cruise lines .
Frederica Sagor Maas -LRB- born July 6 , 1900 as Frederica Alexandrina Sagor -RRB- is an American playwright , screenwriter , memoirist and author , the youngest daughter of Russian immigrants .
to spiral : size if : size -RRB- 30 -LRB- stop -RRB- ; an exit condition fd : size rt 15 ; many lines of action spiral : size \* 1.02 ; the tailend recursive call end
However , most computer text-editing programs provide a smart quotes feature -LRB- see below -RRB- to automatically convert straight quotation marks into typographic punctuation .
Salem International University
The Burj Al Arab -LRB- , '' Arab Tower '' , also known as '' Arab Sail '' -RRB- is a high-end hotel located in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The terms town limits and village limits mean the same as city limits , but apply to towns and villages .
Slavic peoples are classified geographically and linguistically into West Slavic -LRB- including Czechs , Moravians , Poles , Silesians , Slovaks and Sorbs -RRB- , East Slavic -LRB- including Belarusians , Russians and Ukrainians -RRB- , and South Slavic -LRB- including Bosnians , Bulgarians , Croats , Macedonians , Montenegrins , Serbs and Slovenes -RRB- .
Boroughs also exist in the Canadian province of Quebec and formerly in Ontario , in some states of the United States , in Israel , and formerly in New Zealand .
The depression rapidly intensified as it moved to the west , becoming Tropical Storm Jose just six hours later .
Terms such as Chicago 's '' bleacher bums '' , or Yankee Stadium 's Bleacher Creatures are also used
At Ancestry.com is an American comedian , actor , voice actor and writer .
Although it is bypassed by the Hume Highway , its railway station is on the Main Southern line , part of the Melbourne-to-Sydney line .
The term is most commonly used for the energy levels of electrons in atoms or molecules , which are bound by the electric field of the nucleus .
IKE uses X. 509 certificates for authentication which are either pre-shared or distributed using DNS -LRB- preferably with DNSSEC -RRB- , and a Diffieâ '' Hellman key exchange to set up a shared session secret from which cryptographic keys are derived .
His mother was an actress who worked in the theatre of Vsevolod Meyerhold .
1930 & ndash ; Mahatma Gandhi leads a 200-mile march , known as the Dandi March , to the sea in defiance of British opposition , to protest the British monopoly on salt .
CINCFLEET has responsibility for personnel , commando forces , ships and submarines and Royal Fleet Auxiliary in commission .
A variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear approximations or incorporating non-linear expressions , leading to a generalized partitioning cryptanalysis .
The region is divided into three federal states : West Darfur , South Darfur , and North Darfur which are coordinated by a Transitional Darfur Regional Authority .
Gregory Peck was originally cast in the male lead role , but he refused the role after Miller 's rewrite ; Cary Grant , Charlton Heston , Yul Brynner and Rock Hudson also refused the role before it was offered to Yves Montand .
Chess is played on a square board of eight rows -LRB- called ranks and denoted with numbers 1 to 8 -RRB- and eight columns -LRB- called files and denoted with letters a to h -RRB- of squares .
In August 2008 , Coldplay announced they would be releasing an EP , Prospekt 's March , consisting of unreleased material from the Viva la Vida recording sessions . The album was re-released on 25 November 2008 in a deluxe edition , titled Viva la Vida - Prospekt 's March Edition .
Sorcha must fend off the attacks of Richard even as she continues silently working to save her brothers .
There , young '' Rabi '' read biographies , studied history , astronomy , modern science , and Sanskrit , and examined the classical poetry of .
BVI automatically measures BMI , waist circumference and waist-hip ratio .
Alexander Hare , who had taken part in Stamford Raffles ' takeover of Java in 1811 landed and settled with his slaves who originated from Indonesia , the Cape of Good Hope and East Asia .
It is one of four languages descended from the Old West Norse language spoken in the Middle Ages , the others being Icelandic , Norwegian and the extinct Norn , which is thought to have been mutually intelligible with Faroese .
Childhood and education Perceval was the seventh son of John Perceval , 2nd Earl of Egmont , the second son of the earl 's second marriage .
It is home to Scottish First Division side Greenock Morton F.C. . The name Cappielow , taken alone , usually refers to the Cappielow Park stadium , but it can also refer to a small area of housing or the adjoining industrial estate .
The language is spoken in the areas of the North West Frontier Province -LRB- including Hazara -RRB- , Punjab -LRB- including Attock -RRB- , and Azad Jammu and Kashmir by an estimated 2.2 to 4 million people .
Meowth is voiced by Inuko Inuyama in Japanese , and Maddie Blaustein in English .
The group uses assassinations and bombings , including car bombs , and it is known to favor kidnapping victims and slitting their throats .
Saint-Morillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
They may also be detected by indirect techniques , such as spectroscopy -LRB- spectroscopic binaries -RRB- or astrometry -LRB- astrometric binaries -RRB- .
Alexander Jagiellon becomes King of Poland .
The color of the day system is first and foremost about officer safety .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Omiya Ardija .
The Mexican Constitution was the first , all over the world , that constitutionally guaranteed the right to strike , in 1917 .
British Rail Class EE1 -LRB- Electric Express 1 -RRB- RCTS part 10B , p. 98 was an electric locomotive commissioned by the North Eastern Railway in 1922 .
He was born John Ned Shines in Frayser , Tennessee .
Located in the lower Yangtze River drainage basin and Yangtze River Delta economic zone , Nanjing has always been one of China 's most important cities .
A physical quantity is a physical property that can be quantified .
Juno was the goddess of marriage and a married couple 's household , so some consider it good luck to be married in this month .
Since the electric constant -LRB- also called the permittivity of vacuum -RRB- is related to 0 by 0 = 1 \/O/ 0c02 , it too is known exactly .
Real Zaragoza was originally formed out of two rival teams : Iberia SC and Real Zaragoza CD .
This agreement enabled AIM , ICQ and MSN Messenger users to talk with Reuters Messaging counterparts and vice-versa .
He was released following the 2008 season .
WWII Allied invasion of Sicily : The allied invasion of Axis-controlled Europe begins with landings on the island of Sicily off mainland Italy , by the U.S. Army 45th Infantry Division and a number of Allied paratroopers .
Previously , Qi worked as a model and played the lead role in a Guangzhou TV series , before signing on a contract with Singapore 's MediaCorp Studios .
The name means '' new farmstead '' or the newer part of the manor of Walworth but because of its position on the principal road to the south-coast -LRB- Stane Street -RRB- subsumed it .
MÃ rk began his studies with Frans Helmerson at 17 at the renowned Edsberg Music Institute . An admirer of Mstislav Rostropovich and the Russian school of cello , MÃ rk went on to study with the Russian cellist Natalia Shakhovskaya .
The series extension was commissioned by Teletoon from the producers , Fresh TV , Inc. .
San Marino 's postage stamps , which are valid for mail only within the country , are mostly sold to philatelists and are a source of income .
In 1962 , British Railways transferred control of all its main works to a central body called British Railways Workshops Division , with its headquarters in Derby .
The district was created in 1981 with Bhakkar city -LRB- known as Bakhar in Seraiki -RRB- as the capital .
The state capital city is Tuxtla Gutiérrez ; other cities and towns in Chiapas include San Cristóbal de las Casas , Comitán , and Tapachula .
The editor of the rival New York Sun attacked Pulitzer in print , calling him in 1890 '' The Tucker who abandoned his religion '' .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad Location Goreeni is located in the South of Abbottabad district and forms part of the North West Frontier province 's border with Punjab province where it borders Murree Tehsil of -LRB- Rawalpindi District -RRB- .
World 's oldest person , Yone Minagawa , dies at 114 -- Japan News Review .
Theodor Herzl 's biography at Jewish Virtual Library The idea was brought to the Zionist Congress at its sixth meeting in 1903 in Basel .
Saludos Amigos premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
He was born in London , the son of the composer Samuel Wesley and his partner Sarah Suter , and grandson of Charles Wesley .
Comedy-drama , also called dramedy or seriocomedy , Dictionary.com : seriocomedy is a style of television , theatre and film in which there is an equal or nearly equal balance of humor and serious content .
Prignac-en-M Ã doc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Land vehicles are classified broadly by what is used to apply steering and drive forces against the ground : wheeled , tracked , railed , or skied .
Post-cabinet career 1993 2000 In 1993 Baker became the founding chair of the James A. Baker III Institute of Public Policy at Rice University in Houston , Texas .
Their 'em pire ' was roughly half of medieval France as well as all of England and nominally all of Ireland .
He is a defensive midfielder for FC Dynamo Kyiv .
After the death of the child-king Baldwin V , his mother succeeds him as Sibylla of Jerusalem and appoints her disfavoured husband Guy de Lusignan king consort .
Stern -LRB- magazine -RRB-
Atlantic hurricane seasons Pre-1600 1600s/10s 1620s/30s Observation data for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was virtually non-existent in the pre-Columbian era , and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost .
Whereas , staying on the train and reaching Tiu Keng Leng would allow them to board the Tseung Kwan O Line trains towards Po Lam\/LOHAS Park .
One of Thucydides ' major innovations was to employ a strict standard of chronology , recording events by year , each year consisting of the summer campaigning season and a less active winter season .
The theorems of Alhacen , Khayyam and al-Tusi on quadrilaterals , including the Ibn al-Haytham -- Lambert quadrilateral and Khayyam -- Saccheri quadrilateral , were the first theorems on hyperbolic geometry .
Patrick Hewes Stewart , OBE -LRB- born 13 July 1940 -RRB- is an English film , television and stage actor .
Ruslan Viktorovych Fedotenko -LRB- ; born January 18 , 1979 -RRB- is a Ukrainian professional ice hockey winger who is currently playing for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen -LRB- born June 13 , 1986 -RRB- are American actresses .
They have two adult children .
Her mother Mary Haines Yorke died during a trip to New Orleans in 1820 leaving Sarah and her two sisters orphaned .
Saint-Martin-de-la-Lieue is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
During the rule of Russian Empire Eastern Armneia include : Erivan Governorate Kars Oblast western part of Yelizavetpol Governorate southern part of Tiflis Governorate The Eastern Armenian dialect of the Armenian language is spoken primarily in the Caucasus region , Russia and Iran .
Knowing Sonic and Tails will try to track him down , and realizing he can use the Master Emerald to power the ship , Dr. Robotnik tricks Knuckles into believing Sonic is trying to steal his Emerald .
However , Timmy 's immature nature causes him to sometimes ask for wishes that unintentionally result in disaster , and he and his fairy godparents -LRB- and fairy godbrother -RRB- must find a way to '' unwish '' the wish .
Yuta Baba -RCB- is a Japanese football player .
During cell division , DNA is replicated and can be transmitted to offspring during reproduction .
Other sites of interest are the remains of American aircraft that crashed on Funafuti during World War II , when the airstrip was used by the American forces to defend the Gilbert Islands -LRB- now Kiribati -RRB- and the Marshall Islands .
Reading , MA : Helix Books , p. 111 He later worked at the University of California , Los Angeles , at Vanderbilt University -LRB- until 1964 -RRB- , in the Department of Genetics of the University of Washington , Seattle -LRB- until 1968 -RRB- and then at the Mathematics Institute of the University of Oslo .
Doctrine and History , 76-77 ; Amanat , Resurrection and Renewal , 257 ; Nabíl-i-Zarandí , The Dawn-breakers , 202-04 .
This energy aloft help to organize a surface low along the shear line early on August 2 , Tropical Prediction Center .
While these two styles are most commonly referred to as American and British -LRB- and some style sheets provide no other name -RRB- , some American writers and organizations use the British style and vice versa .
Pierre Curie -LRB- 15 May 1859 â '' 19 April 1906 -RRB- was a French physicist , a pioneer in crystallography , magnetism , piezoelectricity and radioactivity , and Nobel laureate .
He loses his car in an accident and encounters '' Tallahassee '' -LRB- Woody Harrelson -RRB- , who is on a quest to find Twinkies .
In the 2010 general election held on 6 May , the Conservatives gained a plurality of seats in a hung parliament and Cameron was appointed Prime Minister on 11 May 2010 , at the head of a coalition between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats .
Magnus Carlsen -LRB- born Sven Magnus Øen Carlsen on 30 November 1990 -RRB- is a Norwegian chess Grandmaster and chess prodigy currently ranked number one in the world on the official FIDE rating list .
Siegmund '' Sigi '' Nissel was born in Munich to a Jewish family from Vienna .
In August of that year they moved into their first home , a large Italianate property at 2 Chandos Villas on the Woodridings Estate in Hatch End .
3 .
Montcet is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Though plurality -LRB- first-past-the post -RRB- is often mistaken for majority rule , they are not the same .
Eve Ensler -LRB- b. May 25 1953 in New York -RRB- is an American playwright , performer , feminist and activist , best known for her play The Vagina Monologues .
It is situated at the confluence of the rivers Amblève and Ourthe .
He is a contributing editor for Robot Magazine , and has written for Space and Time Magazine , H + Magazine , and Grim Couture Magazine .
Le Perrier is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Dole was the Republican party nominee in the presidential election of 1996 , but he lost to incumbent Democrat Bill Clinton .
line power , domestic mains electricity
It is not the same as the plesiosaur named Futabasaurus .
The agency is headed by a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Labor .
The film was directed by Renny Harlin , and stars Bruce Willis as John McClane .
There is usually a maximum of four or five links in a food chain , although food chains in aquatic ecosystems are frequently longer than those on land . Eventually , all the energy in a food chain is lost as heat .
The World Factbook -LRB- ISSN ; also known as the CIA World Factbook -RRB- is a reference resource produced by the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States with almanac-style information about the countries of the world .
Important intervals are those measured by fractions of small numbers , such as 1:1 -LRB- unison or prime -RRB- , 2:1 -LRB- octave -RRB- , 3:2 -LRB- perfect fifth -RRB- , 4:3 -LRB- perfect fourth -RRB- , etc. -LRB- see : Limit in music -RRB- .
The Lathe of Heaven , 1971 -LRB- made into TV movies , 1980 and 2002 ; Locus SF Award winner , 1972
Hearst contended that MandrakeSoft infringed upon King Features ' trademarked character Mandrake the Magician .
Orland Park is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States ; it also extends slightly into Will County .
Basil was approached by a friend who worked in the theater on the West End of London during casting .
Nicolas Durand de Villegaignon , French naval officer -LRB- d. 1571 -RRB-
Ennis -LRB- -RRB- is the county town of Clare in Ireland .
Cara - Severin -LRB- ; Serbian : , Kara Severin , ; , Bulgarian : - , Karash-Severin -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in historical region Banat , with the county seat at Re i a.
He attended Harvard University , where received his A.B. , summa cum laude , and S.M. in applied mathematics in 1973 .
Phagocytes occur in many species ; some amoebae behave like macrophage phagocytes , which suggests that phagocytes appeared early in the evolution of life .
The solar mass can be determined from the length of the year , the distance of the Earth to the Sun -LRB- the astronomical unit -RRB- -LRB- AU -RRB- , and the gravitational constant -LRB- G -RRB- as .
Mithaecus 's cookbook was an early one , but most of it has been lost ; Athenaeus quotes one short recipe in his Deipnosophistae .
Definition of Adenine from the Genetics Home Reference - National Institutes of Health The shape of adenine is complementary to either thymine in DNA or uracil in RNA .
The Second Great Awakening -LRB- 1800 -- 1830s -RRB- , unlike the first , focused on the unchurched and sought to instil in them a deep sense of personal salvation as experienced in revival meetings .
Samuel Eto'o Fils -LRB- ; born 10 March 1981 -RRB- is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian Serie A club Internazionale and is currently captain of the Cameroon national team .
Joseph Aloysius Lyons , CH -LRB- 15 September 18797 April 1939 -RRB- was an Australian politician .
HMAS Ararat -LRB- K 34 -RRB- , a Bathurst class corvette , and HMAS Ararat -LRB- ACPB 89 -RRB- , an Armidale class patrol boat .
It is often used in combination with a BÃ 1\/4 chner flask , BÃ 1\/4 chner ring and sinter seals .
Ahmad deposes his brother , Husain , as ruler of the Jalayirid dynasty in western Persia .
One day , when Joseph was seventeen , his brothers plotted to kill him .
He appeared only as a collectible item in Super Smash Bros. .
They are currently members of the Western Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Refraction of light is the most commonly observed phenomenon , but any type of wave can refract when it interacts with a medium , for example when sound waves pass from one medium into another or when water waves move into water of a different depth .
'' She 's Hearing Voices '' is a song by Bloc Party that was first released on 7 '' vinyl by London-based independent label Trash Aesthetics in February 2004 .
The Garter snake is a Colubrid snake genus -LRB- Thamnophis -RRB- common across North America , ranging from Alaska and Canada to Central America .
Tengwar is a script invented by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Pas-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is an officially recognized minority language in Istria County , where it is spoken by 7.69 % of the population Population according to ethnicity by towns/municipalities .
BVI is an application that can be used on a 3D Full Body Scanner to determine individual health risk , whether the scanning hardware uses visible light optical information or otherwise .
Later she was rumored to have dated a younger John Kim before the relationship ended in 2003 .
This is in contrast to classical particles , which can have any energy .
The frame was handmade of 2x4 boxed steel tubing .
Experimental physics informs , and is informed by , engineering and technology .
Vibo Valentia is a city and comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the Calabria region of southern Italy , near the Tyrrhenian Sea . It is the capital of the province of Vibo Valentia , and is an agricultural , commercial and tourist center -LRB- the most famous places nearby are Tropea , Ricadi and Pizzo -RRB- .
Tuvalu consists of three reef islands and six true atolls .
The current version is 3.0 , published on 06 February , 2010 .
After passing Newfoundland Isaac transitioned into an extratropical storm , and subsequently merged with a larger storm on October 3 .
is a statute -LRB- commonly called a law -RRB- as primary legislation by a national or sub-national parliament .
Stud poker is any of a number of poker variants in which each player receives a mix of face-down and face-up cards dealt in multiple betting rounds .
The town received its Hungarian name at this time from a castle steward named Suprun .
SmackDown is usually taped on Tuesday evening and aired Friday evening on Syfy the same week .
That same month , the United Kingdom 's first Chess Boxing club was begun in London by the Great Britain Chess Boxing Organization 's founder Tim Woolgar .
Hello , and welcome to Wikipedia .
He was the leading source behind their long run in the television series Sesame Street and The Muppet Show and films such as The Muppet Movie -LRB-/O1979/O-RRB- and creator of advanced puppets for projects like Fraggle Rock , The Dark Crystal , and Labyrinth .
After fermentation , the beans are dried , cleaned , and roasted , and the shell is removed to produce cacao nibs .
Along with her main attributes , Diana was an emblem of chastity .
Philip Gordon Langridge CBE -LRB- 16 December 1939 -- 5 March 2010 -RRB- was an English tenor , considered to be among the foremost exponents of English opera and oratorio .
The main storyline on the SmackDown !
This graph differed from a schematic in the first assessment report which lacked temperature units , but appeared to depict larger global temperature variations over the past 1000 years , and higher temperatures during the Medieval Warm Period than the mid 20th century .
One of its most distinctive feature is a middle slice of bread -LRB- '' club '' layer -RRB- used to stabilize contents and prevent spillage .
History and development Andrew Gower wrote RuneScape with the assistance of his brother , Paul Gower .
Controversy The crow characters in the film are seen as African-American stereotypes .
A Shahaptian tribe , their eastern neighbors were the Yakama , who speak a closely related language .
Loretta Lynn -LRB- born Loretta Webb ; April 14 , 1932 -RRB- is an American country music singer-songwriter , author and philanthropist .
A hacker is a person who likes to do new things with computers .
The Proteobacteria are a major group -LRB- phylum -RRB- of bacteria .
The sisters first recorded with their parents as The Pat Boone Family and later as the Boones or Boone Girls .
Affligem Abbey , of the Order of St. Benedict , is founded in Affligem , Belgium .
Common triggers include insect bites or stings , foods , medication and latex rubber .
Note also that currant has come to refer also to the blackcurrant and redcurrant , two berries unrelated to grapes .
num_employees = 55,000
The Celts -LRB- or , see names of the Celts -RRB- were a diverse group of tribal societies in Iron Age and Roman-era Europe who spoke Celtic languages .
+ dux ` duke ' .
Nakajima was retained by Williams for the 2009 season .
The division is run by Russian Professional Football League .
This asteroid has an unusually slow rate of rotation , requiring 17.4 days to complete a 360 & deg ; about its axis .
Biography Early life Billy Joel was born in the Bronx and raised in Hicksville , New York .
cathedra , '' seat '' from the Greek kathedra -LRB- -RRB- , seat , bench , from kata '' down '' + hedra seat , base , chair -RRB- is a Christian church that contains the seat of a bishop .
Gottfried von Strassburg writes his epic poem Tristan -LRB- approximate date -RRB- .
David Di Michele -LRB- born 6 January 1976 in Guidonia , Italy -RRB- is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Lecce .
Eton College , often referred to simply as Eton , is a British independent school for boys aged 13 to 18 .
The British Rail Class 156 Super Sprinter is a diesel multiple unit -LRB- DMU -RRB- .
Larvae may be found very deep in ant colonies .
The restaurant 's popularity was not just due to its home-cooked style meals ; her policy was to give diners a whole extra helping of their entrÃ es to take home with them and a serving of her homemade cookies for dessert .
La Roche-en-Ardenne is a municipality of Belgium .
It was the sixth decade in the Anno Domini\/Common Era , if the nine-year period from 1 AD to 9 AD is considered as a '' decade '' .
__ NOTOC __
The Rochester metropolitan area is the second largest regional economy in all of New York State according to the U.S. Internal Revenue , after the New York City metropolitan area .
The community was named for Lord Beaconsfield of England .
Six teams each played 70 games .
It forms a triangular border with Afghanistan and Iran .
For more information on Toxic Shock Syndrome - visit http://www.tssis.com/
Soon after it became a tropical storm on October 9 near Madeira , with a ragged eye already present , the NHC officially named it Tropical Storm Vince and began to issue advisories .
Kensuke Fukuda -LRB- born 24 July 1984 in Shizuoka -RRB- is a Japanese football player who since 2007 has played for Tokyo Verdy .
December July 3 Quebec City is founded by Samuel de Champlain .
Hamilton 's relationship with McLaren team boss Ron Dennis dates back to 1995 , with the first indication that Hamilton was unhappy with his team appearing after he finished second at Monaco in 2007 .
Xanthan gum also helps suspend solid particles , such as spices .
Modern bowls can be made of ceramic , metal , wood , plastic , and other materials .
Physical characteristics Sinope has an estimated diameter of 38 km -LRB- assuming an albedo of 0.04 -RRB- The satellite is red -LRB- colour indices B-V = 0.84 , R-V = 0.46 -RRB- .
The Summary for Policymakers for the Working Group III report was released on 4 May 2007 .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Mito HollyHock .
Donkey Kong 64 went on to become a Nintendo 64 Player 's Choice title .
Over a hundred surviving temples are scattered across Karnataka , including the well known Chennakesava Temple at Belur , the Hoysaleswara Temple at Halebidu , and the Kesava Temple at Somanathapura .
As cities grew during the Bronze Age , a class of professional craftsmen , like bricklayers and carpenters , appeared .
Iñigo Díaz de Cerio Conejero -LRB- born May 15 , 1984 in San Sebastián , Basque Country -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for Córdoba CF in the Spanish second division on loan from Athletic Bilbao , as a striker .
In 2009 , a dispute developed regarding the FDA considering Cheerios an '' unapproved new drug '' because of its marketing and health claims .
Some elateriform larvae of click beetles are known as wireworms .
seq . -RRB-
It was created in 1812 by the German mineralogist Friedrich Mohs and is one of several definitions of hardness in materials science .
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , commonly known as the CBC , is a Canadian crown corporation that serves as the national public radio and television broadcaster .
Since opening in May 1998 , the studio has been involved in the production of a number of blockbusters , including The Matrix , Moulin Rouge !
Early life Murray was born on born 26 April 1892 in Sydney , New South Wales the fourth child of John Murray , an Irish immigrant labourer , and his wife Margaret .
The gang then started traveling east along the explorer Charles Hunt 's established route .
Focus on the Family -LRB- FOTF , or FotF -RRB- is an American evangelical Christian tax-exempt non-profit organization founded in 1977 by psychologist James Dobson , and is based in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
M.I.A. 's third album Maya was released in 2010 and reached the top ten in numerous countries worldwide .
Praxidike orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,824 Mm in 613.904 days , at an inclination of 144 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 143 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1840 .
As of the 2009 population estimate referred to above , Manchester is the most populous New England city north of Boston -LRB- including other Massachusetts cities -RRB- .
The ANS affects heart rate , digestion , respiration rate , salivation , perspiration , diameter of the pupils , micturition -LRB- urination -RRB- , and sexual arousal .
The Galileo spacecraft was able to determine the moon 's shape in 1998 , but the images remain poor .
The flowers are 0.8 â '' 1.2 cm -LRB- Â 1\/2 â '' â
Landelles-et-Coupigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
A reliquary is a shrine that houses one or more relics .
In the southern valleys of Mesolcina and Poschiavo there is corn -LRB- maize -RRB- and chestnut farming .
Borne is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Badger is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
First known as TV Natin , then DZRH RadyoVision .
Leonel Guillermo SÃ nchez Lineros -LRB- born April 25 , 1936 in Santiago de Chile -RRB- is a former professional football player .
Montigny-l'Allier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
St. John 's Antigua Light is a lighthouse located in the city 's harbor .
It travels from State Road 826 -LRB- Palmetto Expressway -RRB- and State Road 924 -LRB- Gratigny Parkway -RRB- in Hialeah , Florida -LRB- northwest of Miami -RRB- to Sault Ste .
Allmusic link
Emperor Horikawa ascends to the throne of Japan .
There is an extensive historical record of the Hakka people 's migration south , where they were commonly farmers settling into territory that was inhabited by the Punti communities of Southern China ; the Hakka were called ` guests ' in the south , and were often considered unwelcome guests by the Punti communities .
All differ in the way the bolt fits into the receiver , how the bolt rotates as it is being operated , the number of locking lugs holding the bolt in place as the gun is fired , and whether the action is cocked on the opening of the bolt -LRB- as in the Mauser system -RRB- or the closing of the bolt -LRB- as in the Lee-Enfield system -RRB- .
Dönitz was born in Grünau in Berlin , Germany to Anna Beyer and Emil Dönitz , an engineer .
Martinsburg and Berkeley County are growing very rapidly from the influx of people moving from Washington , D.C. and Baltimore .
147 = LHD
Émerson Leão -LRB- born July 11 , 1949 -RRB- is a Brazilian manager and former football player .
With that , Watoosh !
She was especially involved in ; ` working circle explosives ' in which she achieved limited success with Siegfried Hausner when they managed to manufacture a small amount of TNT in December 1970 in the University Institute of Physiology .
Harrogate -LRB- or Harrogate Spa -RRB- is a spa town in North Yorkshire , England .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
Typically , the primary colors used are red , green , and blue .
The party today forms part of the Armenian opposition and has a representative at the National Assembly of Armenia .
The word '' freegan '' is a portmanteau of '' free '' and '' vegan '' .
During the first half of the 20th century , the movement grew to encompass three major age groups each for boys -LRB- Cub Scout , Boy Scout , Rover Scout -RRB- and , in 1910 , a new organization , Girl Guides , was created for girls -LRB- Brownie Guide , Girl Guide and Girl Scout , Ranger Guide -RRB- .
The crime rate in Russia sharply increased during the late 1980s .
The orchestra was renamed '' Theodore Thomas Orchestra '' in 1905 and today , Orchestra Hall still has '' Theodore Thomas Orchestra Hall '' inscribed in its faÃ ade . In 1905 , Frederick Stock became music director , a post he held until his death in 1942 .
The Armenian hypothesis of the Proto-Indo-European Urheimat , based on the Glottalic theory suggests that the Proto-Indo-European language was spoken during the 4th millennium BC in the Armenian Highland .
The cerebrum is also divided into symmetric left and right cerebral hemispheres .
The Bucegi Mountains -LRB- Romanian : Mun ii Bucegi , Hungarian : Bucsecs-hegys ég -RRB- are located in central Romania , south of the city Bra ov .
He succeeded his father on his 28th birthday and was crowned King of France on 25 July 1547 at Reims .
Verdelais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Based on this and co-occurring fossils , one plausible hypothesis for the origin of polyplacophora has that they formed when an aberrant monoplacophoran was born with multiple centres of calcification , rather than the usual one .
Characters Chilean motion picture actress Leonor Varela -LRB- Blade II , The Tailor of Panama -RRB- portrays the lead character of Sofia , a famous singer/actress whose rise from humble origins to superstardom happened almost overnight , and finds her private life constantly under attack by paparazzi .
Adult Southern Cassowaries are tall , although some females may reach , buzzle.com and weigh .
564 , p. 105-105 -LRB- 1904 -RRB- ADS archive copy The origin of its name is not known ; it may be named after the mythical Hercules , or after an unknown woman of that name .
Owing to its unpredictable nature which makes it highly dangerous to humans , it has not been domesticated , unlike its Asian counterpart , the Domestic Asian Water Buffalo .
Atlantic University was originally intended for study of Cayce 's readings and research on spiritual subjects .
New York : Clarkson Potter/Publishers , 2001 .
The term '' Emperor of India '' is also used to refer to Indian emperors such as Ashoka the Great of the Maurya Dynasty and Emperor Akbar the Great of the Mughal empire .
Hanbali -LRB- -RRB- is the smallest of the four schools -LRB- Madha ` hib -RRB- of Fiqh or religious law within Sunni Islam -LRB- the other three being Hanafi , Maliki and Shafi ` i -RRB- .
Between self planned tours , the band released two more EPs : With Our Wallets Full and Up in Rags , in 2006 .
The larvae crawl across the sea floor and find a suitable place , attaching themselves typically to rock or algae , where they eventually develop into a new , attached stauromedusa .
Undergarments commonly worn by women today include brassieres and panties -LRB- also known as knickers -RRB- , while men often wear briefs , boxer shorts , and boxer briefs .
On October 1 , 2010 , the acquisition of Continental airlines by UAL Corporation -LRB- the parent company of United Airlines -RRB- was completed and on the same day UAL changed its name to United Continental Holdings , Inc. .
In 1643 , north of what would be later known as Castle Point , Van Putten built a house and a brewery , North America 's first .
# 2 , the pseudonym of American musician Paul Gray , when performing with Slipknot
The Giro was inspired by the Tour de France .
Within the Modern Synthesis school of thought , macroevolution is thought of as the compounded effects of microevolution .
The Associated Broadcasting Company -LRB- TV5 -RRB- is a television network in the Philippines , with main broadcast facilities and transmitter located at 762 Quirino Highway , San Bartolome , Novaliches , Quezon City . The network was previously known as the Associated Broadcasting Company , which remains the legal name of the network .
Unlike the extra-tropics , where there are strong variations in day length , and hence temperature , with season , tropical temperature remains relatively constant throughout the year and seasonal variations are dominated by precipitation .
In St. Thomas , all jet flights were canceled in and out of the island , though small airlines were permitted to fly during the storm .
Mimas -LRB- , or as Greek Î Î Î 1\/4 á 3\/4 Ï -RRB- is a moon of Saturn which was discovered in 1789 by William Herschel .
January 2 & ndash ; Amadeus I becomes King of Spain .
Joel Brand -LRB- April 25 , 1906 & ndash ; July 13 , 1964 -RRB- was a Hungarian Jew known for his role during the Holocaust in trying to save the Hungarian-Jewish community from deportation to the Auschwitz concentration camp .
Schindler 's List earned Spielberg his first Academy Award for Best Director -LRB- it also won Best Picture -RRB- .
Alexander City is known for Lake Martin with its of wooded shoreline and 44,000 acres -LRB- 178 km -RRB- of crystal clear water .
McAlester is a city in Pittsburg County , Oklahoma , United States .
Following mini-camps in the spring and officially recognized training camp in July -- August , NFL teams typically play four exhibition games from early August through early September .
Although his native country was Wallachia to the south , the family lived in exile in Transylvania as his father had been ousted by pro-Ottoman boyars .
They are found in all oceans and seas -LRB- except the polar seas -RRB- and all species have wide geographical ranges and most are cosmopolitan .
Before joining WWE , Levesque began his wrestling career with World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- in 1993 , wrestling under the ring name Terra Ryzing and later as Jean-Paul Lévesque .
The sound is often , but not necessarily , one which can not be expressed using a single character in the orthography used by the language .
Staatsoper Unter den Linden -LRB- Berlin State Opera -RRB- is a German opera company .
Gandhi deployed satyagraha in the Indian independence movement and also during his earlier struggles in South Africa .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin is written in the sentimental and melodramatic style common to 19th century sentimental novels and domestic fiction -LRB- also called women 's fiction -RRB- .
Lapland is a region in northern Fennoscandia , largely within the Arctic Circle .
Piano rolls Busoni made a considerable number of piano rolls , and a small number of these have been re-recorded onto vinyl record or CD .
Upon leaving the Clinton administration , PeÃ a returned to Denver and joined investment firm Vestar Capital Partners in August 1998 , as Senior Advisor .
Schwerin von Krosigk was tried at Nuremberg along with other leading members of the German government during the time of Nazi government .
Rainulf Drengot -LRB- also Ranulph , Ranulf , or Rannulf -RRB- was a Norman adventurer and the first count of Aversa -LRB- 1030 & ndash ; 1045 -RRB- .
On 10 February 1879 , dressed as police officers , the gang raided the Bank of NSW branch at Jerilderie taking another # 2,000 .
Five days later , on the February 24 edition of SmackDown !
He coached 56 games in two seasons . The Bisons missing the playoffs both times .
As a result , his school is today sometimes also known as the Ancient Rhetoric -LRB- kobunji å æ -- è 3\/4 -RRB- school .
In early 2004 , Cena participated in the Royal Rumble match at the 2004 Royal Rumble , making it to the final six before being eliminated by Big Show .
In June 1959 Qantas entered the jet age when the first Boeing 707-138 was delivered .
A pictographGove , Philip Babcock .
It is often a moist , sweet , cake-like quick bread ; however , there are some banana bread recipes that are traditional-style yeast breads .
With the unwitting help of a human named Gaius Baltar , the Cylons launch a sudden sneak attack on the Colonies , laying waste to the planets and devastating their populations .
Founded in 1895 , they became known after his death as the '' Henry Wood Promenade Concerts '' and are now the '' BBC Proms '' .
Following a month of performing in the International Wrestling Association , Cosme returned to Asistencia Asesoría y Administración in a special event presented by the company , this time under the ring name of Mesias .
Vortex may also refer to :
South Shropshire was , between 1974 and 2009 , a local government district in south west Shropshire , England .
They are completely amphibious fish , fish that can use their pectoral fins to walk on land .
Chase 's main other major film and TV credits between 2000 and 2005 were the cult film Donnie Darko -LRB- 2001 -RRB- as Donnie 's younger sister , Samantha , and Oliver Beene -LRB- 2003 -- 2004 -RRB- , as Oliver 's quirky girlfriend Joyce .
Civrac-sur-Dordogne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Frances Louise McDormand -LRB- born June 23 , 1957 -RRB- is an American film , stage , and television actress .
Independence After the 4 October , 1958 French constitutional referendum , the '' République Soudanaise '' became a member of the French Community , once again with the name French Sudan , and gained complete internal autonomy 25 November 1958 .
In the second half of the 19th century , modern tournament play began , and the first world chess championship was held in 1886 .
No Control is the fourth album -LRB- and sixth release overall -RRB- by the American punk band Bad Religion , released on November 2 , 1989 -LRB- see 1989 in music -RRB- on Epitaph Records .
It was officially opened on October 20 , 2004 .
At the nearby Boneyard , children enjoy a multi-leveled playground area complete with a mammoth fossil to be uncovered .
2 , the year 2 AD
He graduated from Georgetown University in the Spring of 2002 .
, Kroller-Muller Museum , Otterlo , The Netherlands
PL Kyodan , or the Church of Perfect Liberty , is a Japanese ShinshÅ '' kyÅ -LRB- new religious movement -RRB- founded in 1924 by Tokuharu Miki -LRB- 1871-1938 -RRB- , who was a priest in the Obaku Sect of Zen Buddhism .
In each generation , the fitness of every individual in the population is evaluated , multiple individuals are stochastically selected from the current population -LRB- based on their fitness -RRB- , and modified -LRB- recombined and possibly randomly mutated -RRB- to form a new population .
He is sentenced by Archbishop William Laud 's High Commission Court to public whipping , branding , and having his ears cut off .
The largest county is Baldwin -LRB- 1,596 sq mi , 4,134 km2 -RRB- and the smallest is Etowah -LRB- 535 sq mi , 1,386 km2 -RRB- .
Nobel Laureates Five Nobel prizes are attached to the Institute 's researchers .
Its capital is also called Guantánamo .
Members of the genus Bison are large even-toed ungulates within the subfamily Bovinae .
Survivor : Africa is the third season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Along the way , Mercury gave Bon Jovi a recording contract in 1983 , and to promote Runaway , Bon Jovi called up Richie Sambora , David Bryan , Tico Torres and Alec John Such and formed a band . After Bon Jovi claimed he wanted a group name -LRB- and rejecting '' Johnny Lightning '' -RRB- , one of the group suggested '' Bon Jovi '' , slightly changing the spelling of Jon 's last name .
He became a resident at The Troubadour folk club in Earls Court in the early 1960s .
The following is a list of the 43 cantons of the Ain department , in France , sorted by arrondissement :
Punknews.org link
The Edmonton Oilers de-throned the four-time defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders four games to one in the Cup finals .
To Christian 's query about relief from his burden , Good Will directs him forward to '' the place of deliverance . ''
Nowadays , various dim sum items are even sold as take-out for students and office workers on the go .
Hyssop also has uses in the garden ; it is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the Cabbage White butterfly .
It can be heard on the album John - the Revelator : The 1970 London Sessions .
Only the membrane and the compressor box come in contact with the gas being compressed .
This area consists of a series of small cities and suburban communities in San Mateo County and the northwestern part of Santa Clara County , as well as various towns along the Pacific coast , such as Pacifica and Half Moon Bay .
Her most recent role was playing opposite Sylvester Stallone and Jason Statham in The Expendables -LRB-/O2010/O-RRB- .
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 American adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg , from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas .
Marco Bode -LRB- born 23 July 1969 in Osterode am Harz -RRB- is a former German footballer .
In early Mesopotamian thought , the world was portrayed as a flat disk floating in the ocean , and this forms the premise for early Greek maps such as those of Anaximander and Hecataeus of Miletus .
History Orange Township was settled in 1815 and established as a township in 1820 .
In the 7th century Western Armenia was one of the centers of the Paulicians , a Christian popular sect .
DCAL report on the quarter Key sites and events in the quarter include the An Cúlturlann arts centre , Conway Mill and the Féile an Phobail .
Kelechukwu '' Kele '' Rowland Okereke -LRB- born 13 October 1981 -RRB- is a British musician , best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the alternative rock band Bloc Party .
However , its legal status is currently less restrictive in some other countries such as Canada , although investigations and regulations are pending under European Union laws .
His single No Regrets featured Neil Tennant from the Pet Shop Boys and The Divine Comedy 's Neil Hannon on backing vocals .
The Second Boer War -LRB- 1899 to 1902 -RRB- resulted in the end of the Transvaal Republic and start of British hegemony in South Africa .
Bibliography Runaways volume 1 , issues 1-18 -LRB- April 2003 - September 2004 -RRB- Runaways volume 2 , issues 1-30 -LRB- February 2005 - June 2008 -RRB- Randy Lander .
Between 1914 and 1922 , the JimÃ nez-Camprub Ã spouses translated twenty-two of Tagore 's books from English into Spanish and extensively revised and adapted such works as Tagore 's The Crescent Moon .
About 75 % of people experience '' limb onset '' ALS .
The Bering land bridge was a land bridge roughly 1,000 miles -LRB- 1,600 km -RRB- north to south at its greatest extent , which joined present-day Alaska and eastern Siberia at various times during the Pleistocene ice ages .
Rather , it uses a powerful magnetic field to align the nuclear magnetization of -LRB- usually -RRB- hydrogen atoms in water in the body .
Adding Karen Grotberg on the keyboards and vocals , the band toured extensively .
In contrast , the others tried at the same assizes , who included the Pendle witches , were accused of maleficium - causing harm by witchcraft .
In 1836 , at a party hosted by Countess Marie d'Agoult , mistress of friend and fellow composer Franz Liszt , Chopin met French author and feminist Amandine Aurore Lucille Dupin , the Baroness Dudevant , better known by her pseudonym , George Sand .
It is the 2018th year of Common Era -LRB- also called Anno Domini -RRB- , the 18th of the 3rd millennium and the 21st century and the 9th of the 2010s .
North East England is one of the nine official regions of England .
It is the location of Fort Gibson National Cemetery and is located near at the end of the Cherokees ' Trail of Tears at Tahlequah , Oklahoma .
Deposit -LRB- politics -RRB- , a sum that a candidate must pay in return for the right to stand in a British election
The municipality comprises the towns of Houtave , Meetkerke , Nieuwmunster and Zuienkerke proper .
Peter Bone -LRB- C -RRB-
In 1951 , he made his Salzburg Festival concert debut with Mahler 's Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen -LRB- Songs of a Wayfarer -RRB- under Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler .
Ghulam Ahmad founded the Ahmadiyya movement in 1889 .
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one circuit to another through inductively coupled conductors -- the transformer 's coils .
At the center of the star is an Indigenous styling of Aboriginal traditions at the heart of the continent .
Thomas Midgley , Jr. -LRB- May 18 , 1889 -- November 2 , 1944 -RRB- , was an American mechanical engineer turned chemist .
Mistletoe -LRB- Phoradendron flavescens -RRB- is the state floral emblem for the state of Oklahoma .
He disappeared in June 1928 while taking part in a rescue mission .
Sainte-Geneviève is a commune in the Aisne départment in Picardie in northern France .
Opposite of Kampen , along the IJssel , lies IJsselmuiden , which is the second largest town of the municipality Kampen .
He was director at the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG from 1986 till his retirement in 2004 .
Indium demonstrates the inert pair effect to a limited extent , forming some In -LRB- I -RRB- compounds such as Indium -LRB- I -RRB- bromide . The most stable oxidation state for indium , however , is still -LRB- III -RRB- .
After Gene Siskel of Siskel & Ebert died on Saturday , February 20 , 1999 , Roger Ebert did the show with nearly 30 co-hosts .
It is the oldest in the city and one of the oldest grammar schools in the United Kingdom , with a history spanning 750 years .
Whedon , Serenity : The Official Visual Companion , p. 8 He intended the show to be '' a Stagecoach kind of drama with a lot of people trying to figure out their lives in a bleak pioneer environment .
Samsung Town , Seoul , South Korea
Of these , the Working Group 1 report -LRB- including the summary for policy makers -RRB- included contributions by 600 authors from 40 countries , over 620 expert reviewers , a large number of government reviewers , and representatives from 113 governments .
Leporello , Don Giovanni 's servant , is keeping watch outside Donna Anna 's house .
The largest islands in the strait include Prince of Wales Island , Horn Island , Moa , and Badu Island .
No Control is the fourth album -LRB- and sixth release overall -RRB- by the American punk band Bad Religion , released on November 2 , 1989 -LRB- see 1989 in music -RRB- on Epitaph Records .
In April 1956 Kelly married Rainier III , Prince of Monaco , and became styled as Her Serene Highness The Princess of Monaco , and was commonly referred to as Princess Grace .
Brannens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Dementia is the decline in cognitive function that is caused by damage or disease in the brain .
Five singles have been released in promotion of the album ; '' Violet Hill '' and '' Viva la Vida '' in May 2008 , '' Lovers in Japan '' and '' Lost ! ''
Opera is also not the only type of Western musical theater : in the ancient world , Greek drama featured singing and instrumental accompaniment ; and in modern times , other forms such as the musical have appeared .
Sébastien Frey -LRB- born 18 March 1980 in Thonon-les-Bains -RRB- is a French football goalkeeper who currently plays for Italian Serie A club Fiorentina .
All versions of the operating system support the Windows NT file system , NTFS 3.0 , the Encrypting File System , as well as basic and dynamic disk storage .
The fourteenth tropical or subtropical storm of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season , Nicole developed on October 10 near Bermuda from the interaction of an upper level trough and a cold front .
This resulted in a conclusion that Kumho Tire would rightly prevail .
Jack DeSena -LRB- born John Patrick DeSena ; December 6 , 1987 , in Boston , Massachusetts -RRB- is an American screen and voice actor .
Rather , the beginning is defined at the base of a chemically distinctive carbonate layer -LRB- this bed is characterized by an unusual depletion of 13C -RRB- , referred to as a '' cap carbonate '' , because it caps glacial deposits and indicates a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age .
Mountains of eastern Himalaya North American Larix laricina Tamarack Larch or American Larch .
Butcher made his debut for Ipswich against Everton in the First Division on 15 April 1978 and over the next eight seasons would establish himself as the club 's top central defender , combining leadership with great aerial ability and amazing courage .
These are not always sung by all different soloists .
Jane Bullard -LRB- Jessica Alba -RRB- enlists the support of Guru Maurice Pitka -LRB- Mike Myers -RRB- to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak .
Maya influence can be detected from Honduras , Guatemala , Northern El Salvador and to as far as central Mexico , more than 1000 km -LRB- 625 miles -RRB- from the Maya area .
DenÃ lson Pereira Neves -LRB- born on 16 February 1988 in SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League side Arsenal and was the former captain of the Brazil under-17 national team .
1776 & ndash ; Nathan Hale is hanged for spying during American Revolution .
The potential energy stored in a spring is given by
He was a champion of human-kind known for his wily intelligence , who stole fire from Zeus and gave it to mortals .
Apart from the Nobel Prize , she was a recipient of the Order of Merit , a recipient of the Copley Medal , a Fellow of the Royal Society , The Lenin Peace Prize , and was Chancellor of Bristol University from 1970 to 1988 .
The dormice were kept and raised either in large pits or -LRB- in less spacious urban surroundings -RRB- in terra cotta containers , the glirariaE .
All species except the leatherback are in the family Cheloniidae . The leatherback belongs to the family Dermochelyidae and is its only member .
The complete season , including the Live Reunion Show , was released on DVD by CBS Home Video on August 29 , 2006 .
Subsequent principal conductors , with the title of Music Director , were Artur Rodzi ski -LRB- 1933 -- 1943 -RRB- , Erich Leinsdorf -LRB- 1943 -- 1944 -RRB- , George Szell -LRB- 1946 -- 1970 -RRB- , Pierre Boulez -LRB- Musical Advisor 1970-1972 -RRB- , Lorin Maazel -LRB- 1972 -- 1982 -RRB- , and Christoph von Dohnányi -LRB- 1984 -- 2002 -RRB- .
Fauset came to the NAACP 's journal , The Crisis , in 1912 .
Voxalead , an engine for searching within the content of videos -LRB- speech-to-text transcription technologies -RRB-
2005 : Prix Ars Electronica Award of Distinction in the category of '' Digital Communities '' -- -RRB-
On his own , Marshall created Happy Days , Laverne and Shirley -LRB- starring his sister Penny -RRB- , and Mork & Mindy , which were produced by his associates Thomas L. Miller , Robert L. Boyett , and Edward K. Milkis .
Nearby towns and villages include Parkes , Bedgerebong , Bundabarrah , Corradgery , Daroobalgie , Eugowra , Ooma North and Paytens Bridge .
At the next clock cycle , the CPU will start execution , in accord with the program .
1995 - In Charlottesville , Virginia , actor Christopher Reeve is paralyzed from the neck down after falling from his horse in a riding competition .
After the death of Rudolf Hess , the prison 's last inmate , Spandau Prison was completely demolished by the allied powers and later replaced by a shopping mall .
In 1999 the wall , which bears the name Bienvenue au QuÃ bec -LRB- '' Welcome to Quebec '' -RRB- giving it the nickname '' Mur du QuÃ bec '' -LRB- Quebec Wall -RRB- , ended the race of three Formula One World Champions , Damon Hill , Michael Schumacher and Jacques Villeneuve along with FIA GT champion Ricardo Zonta .
Vibeke 's children were of course the natural enemies of the children of Kirsten Munk , and the hatred of the two families was not without influence on the future history of Denmark .
Place : Antwerp , on the Scheldt .
2001 -- 6 .
Students for a Democratic Society -LRB- SDS -RRB- was a student activist movement in the United States that was one of the main iconic representations of the country 's New Left .
Charles Bishop , a 15-year-old student pilot , crashes a light aircraft into a Tampa , Florida building , evoking fear of a copycat 9/11 terrorist attack .
The Dearly dogs are some of 97 puppies who are kidnapped or legally purchased from various owners , with the intention of skinning them for their fur .
Fressin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His first release was on the Frauenarzt-Tape with King Orgasmus One for I Luv Money Records .
PGP and similar products follow the OpenPGP standard -LRB- RFC 4880 -RRB- for encrypting and decrypting data .
Vellerat is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
It is also estimated that the oceans supply about 90 % of the evaporated water that goes into the water cycle .
Cha Bum-Kun -LRB- born 22 May 1953 in Hwaseong , South Korea -RRB- is a South Korean football manager and former player , nicknamed Tscha Bum in Germany -LRB- '' Cha Boom '' -RRB- because of his name and his thunderous ball striking ability .
A plum or gage is a stone fruit tree in the genus Prunus , subgenus Prunus .
They are signed to Virgin Records Palladium 's debut single '' Happy Hour '' was released in July 2007 .
On the same day the new station , also at ground level , opened in Swan Street .
The bottom floor was used as a trading exchange -LRB- this later became the stock exchange -RRB- and the upper floor was used for balls , New Year 's Eve parties , etc. .
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
There was also a February 2 , 2007 press release .
In 1974 , Trafford Council was created to administer the newly formed Trafford Metropolitan Borough .
In 1977 Cuxhaven lost the status as urban district and was integrated into the new rural District of Cuxhaven , being its capital .
Taking any particular station as the origin , the other stations fall into fare '' zones '' depending on the distance from the origin .
Despite failing eyesight , he remained active in the occasional composition of chess problems and studies until shortly before his death from heart failure .
In Buddhism , the Buddha became enlightened under the Bodhi tree .
It has a relatively elliptical orbit that requires more than four years to circle the Sun .
He is best known for playing the fourth incarnation of the Doctor in the science fiction television series , Doctor Who , a role he played from 1974-81 .
Sentimentality is both a literary device used to induce a tender emotional response disproportionate to the situation at hand , I. A. Richards gave just such a quantitative definition : '' a response is sentimental if it is too great for the occasion . ''
Sulignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Heâ '' as well as Roger Guilleminâ '' described the neurohormone GnRH that controls FSH and LH .
Turn 1 was named Sheares after Benjamin Henry Sheares , the second president of Singapore ; Turn 7 was named Memorial due to its proximity to a Second World War civilian memorial ; and Turn 10 was named Singapore Sling .
Cevio is the capital of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Further reading Scott , Walter Sidney , Green retreats ; the story of Vauxhall Gardens , 1661 -- 1859 .
Chinese styles vary greatly from era to era and each one is traditionally named after the ruling dynasty .
Mercuer is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
In that capacity , he served as a '' sherpa '' -LRB- personal representative -RRB- for Chancellor Helmut Kohl , preparing G7 summits and other international economic conferences .
Haucourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cabell died of a cerebral hemorrhage in 1958 in Richmond .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 9.9 km -LRB- 3.8 mi -RRB- .
The International System of Units -LRB- abbreviated SI from the French Bureau International des Poids et Mesures -RRB- is the modern form of the metric system and is generally a system of units of measurement devised around seven base units and the convenience of the number ten .
He has explained that his name means saracen -LRB- i.e. Muslim -RRB- and is common in Southern France : '' It is derived from the Arab pirates that were called â Saracensâ in the Middle Ages '' .
Commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games , it was one of the tallest structures in the City of Manchester and was the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008 .
Wataru Yamazaki -LRB- born September 18 , 1980 in Saitama -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who plays for Japanese club Thespa Kusatsu .
Rosina shows Almaviva the letter and expresses her feelings of betrayal and heartbreak . Almaviva reveals his identity and the two reconcile .
During the multinational occupation of post-World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway and road access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control .
Criticism has continued , however , with some viewers complaining about the color scheme , and of a lack of detail beyond 36 hours .
His worship increased massively in the fifth dynasty , when he became a state deity and pharaohs had specially aligned pyramids , obelisks , and solar temples built in his honor .
The Sons of Liberty developed on Manhattan in the days following the Stamp Act protests . The organization participated in a long-term confrontation with British authorities over liberty poles that were alternately raised by the Sons of Liberty and cut down by British authorities .
O'Connor became Premier on the resignation of Sir Charles Court .
Chris Gueffroy -LRB- June 21 , 1968 , Pasewalk , Mecklenburg-Vorpommern & ndash ; February 6 , 1989 -RRB- was the last person to be shot while trying to escape to West Berlin across the Berlin Wall .
Latonia Lakes is a former city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States .
However , the vast majority of the lesser-known English country houses , often owned by both gentry and aristocracy , are an evolution of one or more styles with facades and wings in various styles in a mixture of high architecture , often as interpreted by a local architect or surveyor and determined by practicality as much as the whims of architectural taste .
Moravia is a city in Appanoose County , Iowa , United States .
Also see : D minor , or D-flat major .
The Kunstakademie DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , formerly Staatliche Kunstakademie DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , is the Arts Academy of the city of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
Rapid intensification continued that afternoon and Bertha strengthened into a major hurricane with 125 mph -LRB- 195 km/h -RRB- winds and a well-defined eye .
Starting with peaceful petitioning , the disturbance quickly escalated to riots , strikes , looting , incendiary bombings of police stations and government offices and armed clashes .
Completed in March 1953 and published 4 September 1956 , The Last Battle chronicles the end of the world of Narnia .
Brillecourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
1780 & ndash ; Benedict Arnold flees to British Army lines when the arrest of British Major John André exposes Arnold 's plot to surrender West Point .
Moonspell is a Portuguese heavy metal band from Brandoa , Lisbon . Formed in 1992 , the group released their first EP Under the Moonspell in 1994 , a year before the release of their first album Wolfheart .
Gilbert Islands , which forms part of
ChÃ cents tillon-sur-Oise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Geography Bogy is located from Annonay , and from Valence .
The parallel postulate in Euclidean geometry is equivalent to the statement that , in two dimensional space , for any given line l and point P not on l , there is exactly one line through P that does not intersect l ; i.e. , that is parallel to l/O. In hyperbolic geometry there are at least two distinct lines through P which do not intersect l , so the parallel postulate is false .
Chocolate was introduced to Europe by the Spaniards and became a popular beverage by the mid 1600s .
Ueno Park was established through an imperial land grant to the city of Tokyo by Emperor TaishÅ in 1924 .
The company produces apparel in a variety of sizes for men , women and children , particularly in rural or underserved areas .
Denver and Aurora are the principal cities of the Denver-Aurora-Broomfield , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area , which in 2007 had an estimated population of 2,464,866 .
The whale shark , Rhincodon typus , is a slow-moving filter feeding shark , the largest living fish species .
Among Brazil 's twenty-six state capitals , Curitiba is the coldest due its altitude , despite being north of Porto Alegre , which is the southernmost state capital in Brazil , but located at sea level .
On the Fourth of July , they go to see the fireworks show and are attacked by an older boy , Tony D. '' Blade '' , but avoid any physical conflict .
The Vancouver-based band D.O.A. may have helped to popularize the term with the title of their 1981 album , Hardcore ' 81 .
Although he was initially labeled a Fauve -LRB- wild beast -RRB- , by the 1920s he was increasingly hailed as an upholder of the classical tradition in French painting .
J. Lindsay Cézanne ; his life and art , p. 3 Paul Cézanne was born on 19 January 1839 in Aix-en-Provence , in Provence in the south of France .
Icon -LRB- programming language -RRB- , a high-level programming language
Ballad of the Green Berets Sadler recorded his now-famous song , '' Ballad of the Green Berets , '' a patriotic song in ballad style .
Brown 's subsequent capture by federal forces , his trial for treason by the state of Virginia , and his execution by hanging in Charles Town , Virginia -LRB- now West Virginia -RRB- were an important part of the origins of the American Civil War , which followed sixteen months later .
A style of glassblowing
Herodotus estimates that Homer lived 400 years before Herodotus ' own time , which would place him at around 850 BC ; while other ancient sources claim that he lived much nearer to the supposed time of the Trojan War , in the early 12th Century BC .
He ended up paying 20,000 Euro to the Austrian government and another 1,000 Euro to the victim .
Kensington is a district of west and central London , England within the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
In all , under the autonomías system , Spain has been quoted to be '' remarkable for the extent of the powers peacefully devolved over the past 30 years '' and '' an extraordinarily decentralised country '' , with the central government accounting for just 18 % of public spending ; the regional governments 38 % , the local councils 13 % and the social-security system the rest .
Foods considered street foods are frequently , though not exclusively , finger foods .
Appointment may refer to a number of things , including the following : An appointment is a time reserved for something such as a doctor visit , much like a reservation .
Ángelo Benedicto Sormani -LRB- born July 3 1939 at Jaú , Brazil -RRB- is a former Italian footballer of Brazilian origin .
Pascal also wrote in defense of the scientific method .
This legend first appeared in the Belur inscription of Vishnuvardhana -LRB-/O1117/O-RRB- , but owing to several inconsistencies in the Sala story it remains in the realm of folklore .
The Mark , Tom , and Travis Show -LRB- The Enema Strikes Back ! -RRB-
Roucamps is a commune in the Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
With a total area of 42.7 km2 , New Delhi forms a small part of the Delhi metropolitan area and is located in the Indo-Gangetic Plain because of which there is little difference in the city 's altitude .
In official or public parties , as well as in public schools , shall be sung only the first and last verses and the chorus of the National Song sanctioned by the General Assembly on May 11 , 1813 . ''
The electron microscope -LRB- EM -RRB- uses a particle beam of electrons to illuminate the specimen and create a magnified image of it .
Christian Vieri -LRB- born July 12 , 1973 -RRB- is an Italian football striker who is curently unattached and without a club .
Cassiopeia -LRB- mythology -RRB- -LRB- or Casseipeia -RRB- , a queen of Ethiopia in Greek mythology
In his 19-year tenure with the Devils , he has led the team to three Stanley Cup championships and has taken them to the playoffs every year but one .
1868 Schnaken und Schnurren , part II
In 1868 , Franz Liszt , who had not yet met Grieg , wrote a testimonial for him to the Norwegian Ministry of Education , which led to Grieg obtaining a travel grant .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
In 2009 the production and agricultural use of lindane was banned under the Stockholm Convention on persistent organic pollutants .
An ushanka -LRB- Literally '' ear hat '' -RRB- -LRB- ; -RRB- is a Russian fur cap with ear flaps that can be tied up to the crown of the cap , or tied at the chin to protect the ears , jaw and lower chin from the cold .
Richard Karl Freiherr von Weizsäcker -LRB- born April 15 1920 -RRB- is a German politician -LRB- CDU -RRB- .
Originally , the program also introduced Scouts to the life skills of contacting an adult they had n't met before , arranging a meeting and then demonstrating their skills , similar to a job or college interview .
May 20 , 1999 .
She is best known for her role as Lucy Camden-Kinkirk on the television series 7th Heaven and Laura Hunter in the film Saw II .
Anna first tells her story in the 1920s when she is an inmate in a Berlin asylum .
Physicists often discuss ideal test results that would occur in a perfect vacuum , which they simply call '' vacuum '' or '' free space '' , and use the term partial vacuum to refer to real vacuum . The Latin term in vacuo is also used to describe an object as being in what would otherwise be a vacuum .
The Rowlatt Act , also known as the Black Act , vested the Viceroy 's government with extraordinary powers to quell sedition by silencing the press , detaining the political activists without trial , and arresting any individuals suspected of sedition or treason without a warrant .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
However , the cloud pattern became well-defined , and consisted of a number of curved banding features .
Yoghurt 's popularity in the United States was enhanced in the 1950s and 1960s , when it was presented as a health food .
They were the major Protestant rival to the Lutheran churches .
Erwin Koeman -LRB- born 20 September 1961 in Zaandam , Noord-Holland -RRB- is a Dutch football manager and former football player .
On February 5 , Melina lost a title match against Mickie James .
The main towns in the region are Cooma and Bombala , whilst others include Berridale , Adaminaby , Delegate , Dalgety , Nimmitabel and Jindabyne .
1938 & ndash ; Orson Welles broadcasts his radio play of H. G. Wells 's The War of the Worlds , causing anxiety in some of the audience in the United States .
David Boris Pall -LRB- 2 April 1914 - 21 September 2004 -RRB- , founder of Pall Corporation , was the chemist who invented the Pall filter used in blood transfusions .
Mosley Music Group is a record label created by producer Tim '' Timbaland '' Mosley .
When , at the December 1969 IRA convention and the January 1970 Sinn FÃ in Ard Fheis the delegates voted to participate in the Dublin -LRB- Leinster House -RRB- , Belfast -LRB- Stormont -RRB- and London -LRB- Westminster -RRB- parliaments , the organizations split .
Her only sibling , Francesco , succeeded their father as Duke upon his death in 1662 , the year Mary turned four .
Produced by Rick Rubin , Californication marked the return of John Frusciante , who had previously appeared on Mother 's Milk and Blood Sugar Sex Magik , to replace Dave Navarro as the band 's guitarist .
At the time of opening the station had the longest escalators in the southern hemisphere .
Specifying how stress and strain are to be measured , including directions , allows for many types of elastic moduli to be defined .
The main peaks of the Vogelsberg are Taufstein , 773 m -LRB- 2,536 ft -RRB- , and Hoherodskopf , 763 m -LRB- 2,503 ft -RRB- , both now enclosed in a nature park , the Hoher Vogelsberg Nature Park .
Other websites Ned Flanders at TheSimpsons.com Nedward '' Ned '' Flanders is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Derbyshire -LRB- or -RRB- is a county in the East Midlands of England .
Francisco '' Paco '' Gento López -LRB- born October 21 , 1933 in El Astillero , Cantabria -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Over the next five years she flitted between Atlantic , Capitol and Reprise .
Sodium iodide is a white , crystalline salt with chemical formula NaI used in radiation detection , treatment of iodine deficiency , and as a reactant in the Finkelstein reaction .
It has been called in western histories the Kingdom of Taiwan , Kerr , George H. -LRB-/O1945/O-RRB- '' Formosa : Island Frontier '' Far Eastern Survey 14 -LRB-/O7/O-RRB- : pp .
-LRB- '' We Have a Pope ! '' -RRB- is the announcement given in Latin by the senior Cardinal Deacon -LRB- the Cardinal Proto-Deacon -RRB- upon the election of a new pope .
In the 2006 World Cup he scored Côte d'Ivoire 's first ever goal of the competition and he was chosen as the 2006 African Footballer of the Year .
Harding studied trumpet at Chetham 's School of Music and was a member of the National Youth Orchestra at age 13 .
According to the account given in the Gospel of John , Judas carried the disciples ' money bag and betrayed Jesus for a bribe of '' thirty pieces of silver '' by identifying him with a kiss -- '' the kiss of Judas '' -- to arresting soldiers of the High Priest Caiaphas , who then turned Jesus over to Pontius Pilate 's soldiers .
The total area is 22.49 km which gives a population density of 640 inhabitants per km .
Postclassic Era 900 1697 CE Collapse of many of the great nations and cities of the Classic Era , although some continue , such as in Oaxaca , Cholula , and the Maya of Yucatán , such as at Chichen Itza and Uxmal .
This company now includes the restaurant Südtiroler Stuben , a wine bistro , the catering service , a cookery school , a spice shop and an ice-cream parlor , all based in Munich .
Its longest cup run was in the 2007 08 Scottish Cup , in which it reached the final and finished runners-up .
A bill may also be introduced into parliament without formal government backing ; this is known as a private member 's bill .
A proximity fuze is a fuze that is designed to detonate an explosive device automatically when the distance to target becomes smaller than a predetermined value or when the target passes through a given plane . The proximity fuze should not be confused with the common contact fuse .
The passage sparked massive outrage within India .
On October 9 , 2006 , Raw held a three hour season premiere called the '' Raw Family Reunion '' , where the Raw brand debuted a new logo and theme song , Papa Roach 's '' ... To Be Loved '' .
He has played worldwide and has made numerous recordings .
A hearing dog is a specific type of assistance dog specifically selected and trained to assist people who are deaf or hearing impaired by alerting their handler to important sounds , such as doorbells , smoke alarms , ringing telephones , or alarm clocks .
Princess Margrethe was born at Amalienborg Palace , to Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Ingrid .
The following season , Gardiner joined the Winnipeg Maroons of the Central Hockey League -LRB- CHL -RRB- , which was later renamed the American Hockey Association -LRB- AHA -RRB- .
Although sunlight is free and abundant , solar electricity is still usually more expensive to produce than large-scale mechanically generated power due to the cost of the panels .
Saint-Vincent-de-Barr Ã s is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Years later , he would write to Massey for help in Steve 's fledgling career , but would receive no reply .
Genes hold the information to build and maintain an organism 's cells and pass genetic traits to offspring .
The arrows in the talons of the eagle represent the six indian tribes at statehood .
is a Japanese football player who has recently played for J. League Division 2 side Thespa Kusatsu .
His most important theoretical book was : '' Das Werden der Organismen , eine Widerlegung der Darwinschen Zufallslehre '' -LRB- Jena , 1916 -RRB- -LRB- translation : '' The Origin of Organisms - a Refutation of Darwin 's Theory of Chance '' -RRB- .
The drawing clearly shows that the product is a perfect clip of the Gem type .
Broda was born in Brandon , Manitoba to a family of Polish descent and joined the Maple Leafs in 1936 .
The town became an important staging point for coaches traveling to the Ballarat goldfields .
Super Mario Bros. 3 , also referred to as Super Mario 3 and SMB3 , is a platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System -LRB- NES -RRB- , and is the fifth game in the Super Mario series . The game was released in Japan in 1988 , in the United States in 1990 , and in Europe in 1991 .
For example , during the 1999 Rumble match , both Vince McMahon and Steve Austin left the ring , only to return later in the match .
During this time he wrote the Three Preludes and Fugues , Op .
They called it Eboracum , a name perhaps derived from one used by the British tribes who inhabited the area .
Two years later , Brentford reached the First Division and finished 5th in its debut season - which is still the club 's highest ever league position - to complete a remarkable rise for the club .
Commonly recognized as one of the Great American Novels , the work is among the first in major American literature to be written in the vernacular , characterized by local color regionalism .
He is known for his roles as Sam Tyler in the detective drama Life on Mars and as The Master in the revival of the science fiction series Doctor Who .
Lingèvres is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In the 1950 Presidential election , Kekkonen was chosen as the candidate of the Agrarian Party and conducted a vigorous campaign against the incumbent President Juho Kusti Paasikivi .
Out of the Blue featured the singles '' Turn to Stone '' , '' Sweet Talkin ' Woman '' , '' Mr. Blue Sky '' , and '' Wild West Hero '' , each becoming a hit in the United Kingdom .
MatÃ as Ariel FernÃ ndez FernÃ ndez -LRB- born 15 May 1986 -RRB- is a Chilean footballer who plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal in Portugal .
Alonso appeared consistently in La Liga with 30 appearances over the course of the season and also scored his first league goal , finishing with a season total of 3 .
Portland is a city in and the county seat of Jay County , Indiana , United States .
Bursovaginoidea
Ashley Cole -LRB- born 20 December 1980 -RRB- is an English professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the England national team .
New York , Columbia University Press '' : '' fourth largest continent ... , the southern of the two continents of the Western Hemisphere .
Warner also returned to Northern Iowa and worked as a graduate assistant coach with the football team , all the while still hoping to get another tryout with an NFL team .
Kundera 's early novels explore the dual tragic and comic aspects of totalitarianism .
Show TV is a nation-wide television channel in Turkey owned by Çukurova Holding .
This right has its roots in a longstanding Western tradition -- although it was already recognized by the Egyptians , the Greeks and the Hebrews -- Descartes went to the Netherlands , Voltaire to England , Hobbes to France -LRB- followed by many English nobles during the English Civil War -RRB- , etc. ; each state offered protection to foreign persecuted persons .
Gennes-Ivergny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
'' Girlfriend '' is a song by Canadian recording artist Avril Lavigne .
Since 1952 the castle Burg FÃ 1\/4 rsteneck is used as an academy for vocational and cultural continuing education .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
January 7 & ndash ; Catharine of Aragon , first consort queen from Henry VIII , dies .
A second teacher , David Kachadourian , was shot in the back of his shoulder while in a hallway evacuating his students to safety .
Since animal skins and inflated internal organs have , since ancient times , provided storage vessels for a range of foodstuffs , it is probable that the process of cheese making was discovered accidentally by storing milk in a container made from the stomach of an animal , resulting in the milk being turned to curd and whey by the rennet from the stomach .
'' A History of Avery County '' was published in 1972 by Horton Edward Cooper .
Kornberg earned his bachelor 's degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1967 and his Ph. D. in chemical physics from Stanford in 1972 .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit -LRB- otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit -RRB- is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
Daveigh Elizabeth Chase -LRB- born Daveigh Elizabeth Schwallier ; July 24 , 1990 -RRB- is an Annie Award-winning American actress , singer , and voice over artist best known for playing Rhonda Volmer in the HBO series Big Love , Samara Morgan in The Ring and Lilo Pelekai in Lilo & Stitch .
Cromwell agonised for six weeks over the offer .
Its speed can be adjusted .
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison -LRB- July 25 , 1775 - February 25 , 1864 -RRB- , wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison , was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband 's one-month term in 1841 , but she never entered the White House .
However , the Bundesliga has seen other champions with Hamburger SV , Borussia Dortmund , Werder Bremen , Borussia Mönchengladbach and VfB Stuttgart being the most prominent ones .
Habay is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
In 1999 , the American Film Institute named Peck among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time , ranking at # 12 .
Fuchs was born in New Jersey and raised in Wildwood , Florida , a small rural town , daughter of Sandy and Don Fuchs .
: : always starts out in an expanded state .
London County Council -LRB- LCC -RRB- was the principal local government body for the County of London , throughout its 1889-1965 existence , and the first London-wide general municipal authority to be directly elected .
Eventually Lightning becomes angry at always crawling in Thunderbolt 's shadow , and tricks the German Shepard into running away , then plotting to manipulate the director into re-writing the show slanted towards Lightning .
They play at the Stade Jean Bouin and were promoted to Ligue 2 , the second division of French football for the 2007/2008 season .
Ross and his rival mercenary leader Trench Mauser -LRB- Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- visit a church to meet a man , who takes the simple title '' Mr. Church '' -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- .
This category contains all articles on all taxa above family level in the order Lagomorpha .
46 people perished in the accident , of whom 41 were senior year pupils of the Geschwister-Scholl-Schule in Radevormwald .
Forbes intended to send the main body of troops and artillery across the river the following morning ; however , the main column was ambushed by Matabele warriors and delayed .
Toru Yoshikawa is a former Japanese football player .
Its population is 5,800 .
Early years Wilson was born in Windsor , Ontario , and raised in Fort Erie , Ontario .
India follows the same principle as Great Britain and America .
Note , however , that the Ã re would remain as a subdivision unit for electronic payments .
She is best known for her lead role as Teddy Duncan on the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie and her recurring role as Juliet Van Heusen on Wizards of Waverly Place .
-LRB- The term itself comes from the translation of Madame D'Aulnoy 's conte de fÃ es , first used in her collection in 1697 . -RRB-
1794 & ndash ; U.S. President George Washington invokes the Militia Law of 1792 to suppress the Whiskey Rebellion in western Pennsylvania .
1330 & ndash ; Louis II of Flanders -LRB- d. 1384 -RRB-
Saint-Martin-Don is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The march was initiated by A. Philip Randolph , the president of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters , president of the Negro American Labor Council , and vice president of the AFL-CIO .
For more information regarding his works as Lemony Snicket , see Lemony Snicket .
In Roman times , they were the base for the fermented fish sauce called garum that was a staple of cuisine and an item of long-distance commerce produced in industrial quantities , and were also consumed raw as an aphrodisiac .
The island 's climate , mountains and coastlines make it popular among tourists .
Pierre Michael Littbarski -LRB- born 16 April 1960 in Berlin -RRB- is a former German football player and current manager of FC Vaduz .
PÃ ndaro de Carvalho Rodrigues -LRB- 1 June 1892 in SÃ # o Paulo - 30 August 1965 in Rio de Janeiro -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer and manager .
It is still used today , mostly in Egypt , to write the Coptic language .
Rainulf Drengot -LRB- also Ranulph , Ranulf , or Rannulf -RRB- was a Norman adventurer and the first count of Aversa -LRB- 1030 & ndash ; 1045 -RRB- .
His early work is often concerned with the figure in the landscape and comprises many paintings of groups of large , heavy figures in the landscape , imaginatively painted .
Picasso was married twice and had four children by three women .
Two consonants , ã and ã
Together , they knock out Martin and Timmy tricks Martin 's army of pigeons and rats to fly in the wrong direction .
The British Army is the land warfare branch of Her Majesty 's Armed Forces in the United Kingdom .
Sagan established that the atmosphere of Venus is extremely hot and dense with pressures increasing steadily all the way down to the surface .
The Vatican 's sources also speak of similar figures , that is , for an example , of 350,000 Serbs slaughtered by the end of 1942 -LRB- Eugen Tisserant -RRB- and '' over 500,000 people '' in all -LRB- Godfried Danneels . -RRB-
It is n't slanted by prejudice or bias of any kind
In-bay automatics , which consist of an automatic machine that rolls back and forth over a stationary vehicle - often seen at filling stations and stand-alone wash sites .
The natural chemical balance of grapes is such that they can ferment without the addition of sugars , acids , enzymes or other nutrients .
May is the fifth month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
He is widely known for his roles as Little Joe Cartwright in Bonanza -LRB- 1959 -- 1973 -RRB- , Charles Ingalls in Little House on the Prairie -LRB- 1974 -- 1983 -RRB- , and Jonathan Smith in Highway to Heaven -LRB- 1984 -- 1989 -RRB- .
'' Unwritten '' is a song by English singer Natasha Bedingfield .
This category shows users which have been found to have created multiple accounts , or sockpuppets , to abuse Wikipedia policies , or are strongly suspected to have done so .
eXenewable Project Profile Page - Waldpolenz , PV , Germany The investment costs for the Waldpolenz solar park amount to some 130 million euro .
After a failed raid earlier in May , on 7 July 2005 NATO troops arrested KaradÅ 3\/4 iÄ 's son , Aleksandar -LRB- SaÅ a -RRB- KaradÅ 3\/4 iÄ but released him after 10 days . On 28 July , KaradÅ 3\/4 iÄ 's wife , Ljiljana Zelen KaradÅ 3\/4 iÄ , made a call for him to surrender after , in her words , '' enormous pressure '' had been put onto her .
Hyrrokkin is about 8 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,168.3 Mm in 914.292 days , at an inclination of 153.3 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 154.3 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.3604 .
ZIP '' and the MIME media type application/zip , although the ZIP file format has also been used by many programs , usually under a different name .
According to the fundamental theorem of arithmetic , any number obtained in this way can be uniquely factored into prime factors , so it is possible to recover the original sequence from its Gödel number -LRB- for any given number n of symbols to be encoded -RRB- .
During the Yugoslav Wars , several Serbian Autonomous Oblasts were formed in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
It was also nominated for the Hugo Award that same year , and the Nebula Award in 1990 .
She was married to the President 's son , Abraham Van Buren .
Sonvico is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Middelburg -LRB- -RRB- is a municipality and a city in the south-western Netherlands and the capital of the province of Zeeland .
Other important archaeological remains include the carved stone slabs usually called stelae -LRB- the Maya called them tetun , or '' tree-stones '' -RRB- , which depict rulers along with hieroglyphic texts describing their genealogy , military victories , and other accomplishments .
Violin Technique and Performance Practice in the Late 18th and Early 19th Centuries , by Robin Stowell -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , Cambridge University Press .
Some time after , Anne retired to the Compagnie 's convent of Val-de-Gr Ã cents ce where she died of breast cancer five years later .
It was serialized in the semi-monthly Japanese magazine Hana to Yume , published by Hakusensha , from 1999 to 2006 .
Endolith : An organism that lives in microscopic spaces within rocks , such as pores between aggregate grains ; these may also be called cryptoendoliths , a term that also includes organisms populating fissures , aquifers , and faults filled with groundwater in the deep subsurface .
The Pakistani military was first formed when the nation achieved independence from the British Empire during the Partition of British India in 1947 .
The athletic nickname , or equivalently athletic moniker , of a university or college within the United States is the name officially adopted by that institution for at least the members of its athletic teams .
; Detail This template is used to provide sources for Bible verse references .
Historically , thermodynamics developed out of a need to increase the efficiency of early steam engines , particularly through the work of French physicist Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot -LRB-/O1824/O-RRB- who believed that engine efficiency was the key that could help France win the Napoleonic Wars .
In 1949 he received a Master of Laws -LRB- LL .
Ecology and behavior Distribution and habitat The naked mole rat is native to the drier parts of the tropical grasslands of East Africa , predominantly South Ethiopia , Kenya , and Somalia .
The British used elephant guns as a means of countering the German tactic of having their snipers advance towards Allied lines under the cover of a large , 6-10 millimeter -LRB- 0.24-0 .4 inch -RRB- thick steel plates .
winouj cie -LRB- Poland -RRB-
Gabrielle Bonheur '' Coco '' Chanel -LRB- 19 August 1883 -- 10 January 1971 -RRB- was a pioneering French fashion designer whose modernist philosophy , menswear-inspired fashions , and pursuit of expensive simplicity made her an important figure in 20th-century fashion .
In Bod , the lowest ever recorded temperature in Romania , -38.5 degrees Celsius -LRB- -37 Fahrenheit -RRB- , was measured in January 1942 .
She was elected again as PM on December 18 , 2007 .
Ethologists are typically interested in a behavioral process rather than in a particular animal group and often study one type of behavior -LRB- e.g. aggression -RRB- in a number of unrelated animals .
As a result , the opening of the Circle Line was delayed to 2009 , and the entire line is now expected to be fully operational by 2011 -LRB- excluding the Marina Bay Extension -RRB- , at an estimated cost of nearly S$ 10 billion .
Siegmund '' Sigi '' Nissel was born in Munich to a Jewish family from Vienna .
Horst KÃ ppel -LRB- born on May 17 , 1948 in Stuttgart , Germany -RRB- is a German football manager and former player , who last worked as Head coach for FC Ingolstadt 04 .
King Henry VIII split with the Roman Catholic Church over a question of his annulment from Catherine of Aragon .
Potlatch is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
See Wikipedia 's Gospel of Matthew and New Testament articles .
Protection can be indefinite , or expire after a specified time .
The World Meteorological Organization retired four names in the spring of 1996 : Luis , Marilyn , Opal , and Roxanne .
A peace movement is a social movement that seeks to achieve ideals such as the ending of a particular war -LRB- or all wars -RRB- , minimize inter-human violence in a particular place or type of situation , often linked to the goal of achieving world peace .
During the mid 1990s , Hill was Michael Schumacher 's main rival for the Formula One Drivers ' Championship .
Virginity is the state of being a virgin .
This list also includes other educational institutions providing higher education , meaning tertiary , quaternary , and , in some cases , post-secondary education .
Hilderaldo Luís Bellini -LRB- born June 7 , 1930 in Itapira , São Paulo , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer of Italian origin who played and was known in Brazil as one of the most solid Central defender .
The actual site of Suinin 's grave is not known .
Perhaps the most famous of these were Vauxhall Gardens -LRB- 1661-1859 -RRB- , south of the Thames .
Standard time was introduced in the 1890s when all colonies adopted it .
Fluorescence intensity detection has developed very broadly in the microplate format over the last two decades .
International relations theory The sub-discipline that specializes in the study of foreign relations is known as foreign policy analysis -LRB- FPA -RRB- .
Because of their same name and occupation , to distinguish them , one is referred to as Alexandre Dumas , père , the other as Alexandre Dumas , fils .
He returned to England and married Elizabeth C. Browne , daughter of Lancelot Browne , a prominent London physician .
Entertainment Weekly -LRB- 12/18/98 , p. 84 -RRB- - '' We 'll have to wait until Metallica 's next ` proper ' album to find out if this trip to the garage recharges their batteries .
KÃ 1\/4 ttigkofen is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg , in the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .
Portsmouth is a city in Shelby County , Iowa , United States .
See also eSTREAM - An evaluation of new stream ciphers being conducted by the EU .
For example , the comic book Superman was so popular that it spawned over 30 different radio , television and movie series and a similar number of video games , as well as theme park rides , books and songs .
For her contribution to the motion picture industry , Claudette Colbert has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6812 Hollywood Blvd. .
1907 & ndash ; William Shawn , American editor -LRB- d. 1992 -RRB-
She attended the Academy of the Sacred Heart Convent in Washington and graduated in 1917 .
The Causeway is a narrow strip of reclaimed land and bridges in the north of Bermuda linking Hamilton Parish on the mainland in the southwest and Bermuda International Airport on St. David 's Island in St. George 's Parish in the northeast , which are otherwise divided by Castle Harbour .
A savings bank holding company is defined in United States Code : Title 12 : Banks and Banking ; Section 1842 : Definitions ; Subsection -LRB- l -RRB- : Savings Bank Holding Company See :
and is regarded as the capital of the Highlands of Scotland .
The surrounding area is an urban planning area known as Bukit Timah Planning Area under the Urban Redevelopment Authority and is part of the Central Region , and lies 10 kilometres -LRB- 6 miles -RRB- from the city 's central business district , the Central Area .
Cruel Intentions -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , a modern-day retelling of Les Liaisons dangereuses featured a kiss between Gellar and co-star Selma Blair that won the two the '' Best Kiss '' award at the 2000 MTV Movie Awards .
Trees were downed , and business signs were blown down .
Lorenz joined the Nazi Party in 1938 and accepted a university chair under the Nazi regime .
Bell worked as a reference librarian , but quit in 2005 to write full time .
Aquila is a former municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Luigi Apolloni -LRB- born 2 May 1967 in Frascati -RRB- is an Italian retired football player , and currently head coach of Serie B club Grosseto .
February 23 & ndash ; Matthias Corvinus of Hungary -LRB- d. 1490 -RRB-
Montenegro and Macedonia announced their recognition of Kosovo on 9 October 2008 . Albania , Croatia , Bulgaria and Hungary have also recognized the independence of Kosovo .
Dee Dee initially pursued a brief career as a rapper under the name Dee Dee King .
The population was 17,780 at the 2000 census .
His castmates included future girlfriend and pop superstar Britney Spears , future tourmate Christina Aguilera , and future bandmate JC Chasez .
Starting his career as a commercial artist , Ray was drawn into independent filmmaking after meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and viewing the Italian neorealist film Bicycle Thieves during a visit to London .
, with slender stems and alternate , finely divided , softly delicate leaves long .
'' The Ancient Maya '' , Robert J. Sharer , Loa P. Traxler Contributor Loa P. Traxler , p126 , Stanford University Press , 2006 , ISBN 0804748179 The last Maya states , the Itza polity of Tayasal and the Ko ` woj city of Zacpeten , were continuously occupied and remained independent of the Spanish until late in the 17th century .
The cuisine eventually changed with the advent of the Medieval age which ushered in a shedding of elitism with the age of shogun rule .
1973 & ndash ; Soviet Soyuz Programme : Soyuz 13 , crewed by cosmonauts Valentin Lebedev and Pyotr Klimuk , is launched from Baikonur in the Soviet Union .
The lowest temperature ever recorded in Wisconsin was in the village of Couderay , where it reached -- 55 ° F -LRB- -48 ° C -RRB- on both February 2 and February 4 , 1996 .
Lauren Bacall stars in the title role .
The National Stock Exchange -LRB- NSE -RRB- is a stock exchange located at Mumbai , India .
Burnham became well known in Africa for his ability to track , even at night , and the Africans dubbed him He-who-sees-in-the-dark .
1953 & ndash ; The United States Supreme Court rules that Washington , D.C. restaurants could not refuse to serve black patrons .
Vernon , the son of a publican , was raised in Norwich , England initially training to become a civil engineer .
MiG-21 Operators
As of the United States 2000 Census , the town population was 45,768 .
But , on 7 July , King Edward I died , leaving Bruce opposed by his son , Edward II .
Odyssey -LRB- Yngwie J. Malmsteen album -RRB-
The Free City of Danzig -LRB- ; -RRB- was a semi-autonomous city-state that existed between 1920 and 1939 , consisting of the Baltic Sea port of Danzig -LRB- today Gda sk -RRB- and surrounding areas .
1978 & ndash ; The 730 -LRB- transport -RRB- , Okinawa changes its traffic on the right-hand side of the road to the left-hand side .
Kenneth George '' Kenny '' Black -LRB- born 29 November 1963 in Stenhousemuir -RRB- is a retired Scottish footballer and former manager of Airdrie United .
Fort Abbas was formerly known as Pholra .
The Stella Artois brewery is founded in present-day Belgium .
org in 2004 .
History Early days -LRB- 1993 -- 1996 -RRB- HammerFall began when guitarist Oscar Dronjak quit Ceremonial Oath and invited Jesper Strömblad -LRB- from In Flames , also formerly a member of Ceremonial Oath -RRB- to join him as a drummer on a new musical project which he had been idealising for some time .
The Province of Grosseto -LRB- -RRB- is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Sodium telluride is the chemical compound with the formula Na2Te .
Only two years later Moscow was sacked by khan Tokhtamysh .
Most contries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol .
When Green was injured in a preseason game , Warner took over as the Rams ' tentative starter .
Aad de Mos -LRB- born March 27 , 1947 in The Hague -RRB- is a Dutch football coach .
At its foothills is found the city of Granada and , a little further , AlmerÃ a and MÃ laga .
On July 26 , 2007 , Oda was arrested by the Osaka prefectural police for driving his moped under the influence of alcohol .
It was originally broadcast under the name Survivor but its official title was changed to Survivor : Pulau Tiga to distinguish it from subsequent installments of the series , and then changed again to Survivor : Borneo to avoid confusion with Survivor : Palau .
Cultivation Thyme is widely cultivated for its strong flavour , which is due to its content of thymol .
Administration Kinshasa is both a city -LRB- ville in French -RRB- and a province -LRB- province in French -RRB- , one of the 11 provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
HEADING Brazil 's history
In one sequence , Colbert bathes in a marble pool filled with asses ' milk , a scene that came to be regarded as an example of Hollywood decadence prior to the enforcement of the Production Code .
For reference purposes , a particular permutation may be described by naming the positions where dots are raised , the positions being universally numbered 1 to 3 , from top to bottom , on the left , and 4 to 6 , from top to bottom , on the right .
Ramón María Calderé del Rey -LRB- born January 16 , 1959 in Tarragona , Catalonia -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer who played as a midfielder .
when the club was formed as Thornhill Football Club -LRB- later Thornhill United -RRB- .
Römhild is a municipality in the district of Hildburghausen , in Thuringia , Germany .
The name '' Edguy '' was an affectionate epithet for Mr. Edgar Siedschlag , their math teacher at the time .
The former peaked at # 9 on Billboards Top Tracks chart and has remained a staple of pop , hard rock and classic rock radio for more than 25 years .
The main story of the books covers seven years in the life of the orphan who , on his eleventh birthday , learns he is a wizard .
The current prime minister is Benjamin Netanyahu of Likud , the ninth person to hold the position -LRB- excluding caretakers -RRB- .
Union Vale is a residential town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
The Flag of the State of Florida consists of a red saltire -LRB- diagonal cross -RRB- on a white background , with the seal of Florida superimposed on the center .
Today , the Royal Canadian Air Cadets has a membership of approximately 26,000 in 450 squadrons ; and together with the Royal Canadian Sea Cadets and Royal Canadian Army Cadets , forms the '' largest federally-funded youth program in the country '' .
The FVA was notable for being part of the same Ford contract that gave rise to the DFV ; the cylinder head on the FVA pioneered many of Duckworth 's ideas that would be used on the V8 engine .
An agreement is said to be reached when an offer capable of immediate acceptance is met with a '' mirror image '' acceptance -LRB- i.e. , an unqualified acceptance -RRB- .
This is called a rouge or rose absinthe .
Radiant heating consists of radiant energy being emitted from a heat source .
\* -LRB- à â â â É à cents à à Æ Ê â â â â à â â â â â â â 1\/4 â ` â ' â â -- â â â â â â â â à '' Æ â # â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â
Ouangolodougou -LRB- Wangolodougou -RRB- is a small town and Commune in the Savanes Region of northern CÃ te d'Ivoire .
Alpine tundra occurs at high enough altitude at any latitude .
Production Stems are the individual components of a mix , separately saved -LRB- usually to disc -RRB- for the purposes of use in a remix .
Despite having previously worked with him , she teamed up with him again and wrote the duet '' Hate That I Love You '' .
Alexander 's troops imitated the practice from the Persians and brought saffron-bathing to Greece .
The state of Sonora is located in northwest Mexico .
Mount Carmel is an active cemetery , located within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago .
The lowest sea level pressure recorded in relation to the system was 1009 mbar -LRB- hPa ; 29.81 inHg -RRB- .
The campus is well-equipped with modern facilities for teaching and research .
It moved southwestward , and on August 9 , it generated convection as it passed beneath a cold-core upper-level low .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
The site of the city of MeroÃ '' is marked by more than two hundred pyramids in three groups , of which many are in ruins .
Located in northeast Florida at the southern end of Clay County , Keystone Heights is considered a small town .
D.C. United is an American professional soccer club located in Washington , D.C. that participates in Major League Soccer , the United States ' top-tier soccer league .
Lyndon is a Fourth Class city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Marizy-Sainte-Genevi Ã ve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In its typical specialised usage , the word chanson refers to a polyphonic French song of the late Middle Ages and Renaissance .
With the expansion of the NHL in 1967 , and the creation of the Western Division , the Wales Trophy was given to the team that finished in first place in the Eastern Division , during the regular season .
History of the Glarus Families - The Luchsingers Oberblegisee is located in the municipality .
Solomon Luria , Polish-born Kabbalist -LRB- d. 1574 -RRB-
This modern faction is dominantly voiced through the anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures , in attempt to combat what is seen by those groups as a general devaluation of , and profitization from , life .
The Singles -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB-
jpg thumb left 200px A standard set of carom billiards balls -LRB- 61.5 mm -LRB- 27 â 16 in -RRB- diameter -RRB- , including a red , a plain white , and a dotted cue ball for the opponent .
2010 saw the launch of ClickonWales.org , the IWAâ s online news-analysis magazine .
The series ends as Aang and Katara kiss beneath the sunset .
'' Against Florida in 1930 he got his teammates in a huddle and told them about a play he had used in high school -LRB- Dobyns-Bennett -RRB- .
Although most kinds of shellfish are harvested from saltwater environments , some kinds are found only in freshwater .
The team , a member of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- , was relocated to Calgary , Alberta , Canada for the start of the 1980 -- 81 NHL season and were re-named the Calgary Flames , leaving Atlanta without an NHL team , before the Thrashers were formed 19 years later .
Company history Reprise -LRB- pronounced rih-PREEZ -RRB- was formed in 1960Reprise Records story .
Shirov became the World Champion -LRB- under 16 -RRB- in 1988 , the World Under-20 Vice-Champion in 1990 -LRB- second on tiebreaks to Ilya Gurevich -RRB- , and achieved the title of Grandmaster in 1990 .
Over the course of the tournament , he won the GPCW Super-X Monster Championship and IWC World Heavyweight Championship , and on the tournament 's finale , he became the first wrestler to win the AAA World Heavyweight Championship .
The first consumer oriented print magazine dedicated solely to video gaming was Computer and Video Games which premiered in the U.K. in November 1981 , two weeks ahead of the U.S. launch of the next oldest video gaming publication Electronic Games magazine .
Salwar kameez -LRB- also spelt shalwar kameez or shalwar qameez -RRB- -LRB- Hindi : , Urdu : -RRB- is the dress worn by both women and men in northern South Asia and Central Asia .
An indication of acceptance
This is derived from the Qur ` an where Musa -LRB- Moses -RRB- is told upon asking to see God , '' You shall not see me . ''
He learned and became fluent in Ukrainian and remarried -LRB- with Svitlana Ivanivna Shcherbatiuk aka Svetlana Sherbatiuk aka Svetlana Parajanov -RRB- in 1956 . Shcherbatiuk gave him a son -LRB- Suren , 1958 -RRB- .
Russian serfdom was perhaps the most notable Eastern European institution , as it was never influenced by German law and migrations , and serfdom and the manorial system were enforced by the crown -LRB- Tsar -RRB- , not the nobility .
The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a prototypical grade crossing signal installed at a dangerous Illinois Central crossing on Mississippi State Route 7 in Grenada .
The development of logic since Frege , Russell and Wittgenstein had a profound influence on the practice of philosophy and the perceived nature of philosophical problems -LRB- see Analytic philosophy -RRB- , and Philosophy of mathematics . Logic , especially sentential logic , is implemented in computer logic circuits and is fundamental to computer science .
Magdalen College School is an independent school for boys located by The Plain in Oxford , England .
The two Chinese characters '' '' in the name Xi'an literally mean '' Western Peace '' , whilst the pronunciation in the local Xi'anese dialect is almost the same as the Standard Mandarin pronunciation based on Hanyu Pinyin .
Le Ribay is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
In daily speech , the term '' mop '' has been used in reference to a yarn mop .
Tulu , a Dravidian language prevalent in coastal Kerala and Karnataka , is spoken by about 1.5 million people in the region , while Konkani , an Indo-Aryan language , is spoken by over half a million people in the region .
Ytres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
together representing more than 11 million workers -LRB- as of June 2008 , the most recent official statistic -RRB- .
Erd s published more papers than any other mathematician in history , working with hundreds of collaborators .
In the specific context of the Middle East , a variety of factors â '' including population growth , soil degradation , drought , cast bronze weapon and iron production technologies â '' could have combined to push the relative price of weaponry -LRB- compared to arable land -RRB- to a level unsustainable for traditional warrior aristocracies .
It is a subsidiary of Qantas , created in response to the threat posed by low-cost airline Virgin Blue Airlines .
Cuges-les-Pins is a commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
Niklaus is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Daniel Michael '' Danny '' DeVito , Jr. -LRB- born November 17 , 1944 -RRB- is an Italian American actor , comedian , director , and producer .
Tijani Babangida -LRB- born 25 September 1973 in Kaduna -RRB- is a retired Nigerian footballer , who played as a winger .
Norrey-en-Auge is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The main campus is located in Parkville , an inner suburb just north of the Melbourne CBD , however it has several other campuses located across Victoria .
The population density was 4,362.8 people per square mile -LRB- 1,684.4 \/O/ kmÂ -RRB- .
Abigail was born in Stillwater , New York , 1798 , in Saratoga County , New York .
The band went on their first U.S. tour with Brandtson and Mêlée , then on another tour with Plain White T 's shortly after the release of the EP .
Russell William Wallace , Jr. -LRB- born August 14 , 1956 -RRB- is a former broadcaster on ESPN , car owner in the Nationwide Series , and a former NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver .
More recently an aviation entrepreneur , he has founded and run two airlines and was manager of the Jaguar Formula One racing team for two years .
The New York Islanders are a professional ice hockey team based in Uniondale , New York .
CsupÃ said that they cast Bailee Madison as May Belle Aarons after weeks of searching for an actress to play the part .
Latina is the capital of the province of Latina in the Lazio region , in central Italy .
Brazil
was a commercial success , topping the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , giving Rihanna her third number one single of 2010 -LRB- out of four -RRB- , as well as her eighth of nine Hot 100 chart topper .
Al Jolson -LRB- May 26 , 1886 â '' October 23 , 1950 -RRB- was an American singer , comedian and actor .
In the early 1980s , owing to the success both domestically and in Europe of Aberdeen and Dundee United , the pair were known as the New Firm ; however , Dundee United have their city neighbours Dundee as close rivals , and the antagonism was not always reciprocated to the same degree .
Port Arthur is located approximately 60 km south east of the state capital , Hobart , on the Tasman Peninsula .
He was the first , and so far the only , African American to serve on the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
1921 & ndash ; Satyajit Ray , Indian director -LRB- d. 1992 -RRB-
It is situated on the River Havel , southwest of Berlin city center .
Gameplay in the series often centers around jumping on and defeating enemies .
Minsk and Orsha are first mentioned in the chronicles .
They board an elevator with a group of strangers , including a businessman -LRB- Jonathan '' Jon '' -RRB- -LRB- William Hope -RRB- , a nurse -LRB- Emily -RRB- -LRB- Dominique McElligott -RRB- , a tramp -LRB- Tobias -RRB- -LRB- Ronald Pickup -RRB- , and a security guard -LRB- Rick -RRB- -LRB- Leon Herbert -RRB- , but when the elevator reaches the next floor down , the hospital is abandoned .
Beychac-et-Caillau is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
April 17 -- After the First Battle of Bedriacum , Vitellius becomes emperor .
A constitutional arrangement imposed by French military might , the Republic existed as a state for only five years but failed to achieve widespread popular support among its citizens .
Cycloalkanes -LRB- also called naphthenes - not to be confused with naphthalene -RRB- are types of alkanes which have one or more rings of carbon atoms in the chemical structure of their molecules .
Isla Margarita , an island in the State of Nueva Esparta
In some cases extra pool or open water training may be needed .
In 1957 , he enrolled in the department of economics at Dhaka University and completed his BA in 1960 and MA in 1961 .
Laura degenerated into a post-tropical cyclone later that morning , and the final advisory by the National Hurricane Center was issued .
The contestants are told to arrive at an abandoned movie studio lot in Toronto , Ontario , where the new competition , titled '' Total Drama Action '' , would take place .
Shakespeare in Love contains several references to Twelfth Night .
Camberley is a town in the Surrey Heath district in Surrey , England , situated 31 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- southwest of central London , in the corridor between the M3 and M4 motorways .
This remained the case until 1949 , when the London Transport Passenger Board 's New Works scheme extended the Central Line to Epping using electric trains -LRB- taking over the railway from British Rail -RRB- .
European Exploration The first Europeans to explore the river were Hamilton Hume and William Hovell , who crossed the river where Albury now stands in 1824 : Hume named it the Hume River after his father .
Hummer was a brand of trucks marketed since 1992 by AM General when it began selling the civilian version of the M998 High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle -LRB- HMMWV or Hum-Vee -RRB- .
Eraclea Mare is the Lido of Eraclea .
Spanish rule The city of St. Augustine was founded by Pedro Menéndez de Avilés on September 8 , 1565 .
In June 1999 , the musicians elected Sir Simon Rattle as their next chief conductor .
There are two levels of protection -- all signatories must apply the lower level of protection to qualifying languages .
A first language -LRB- also native language , arterial language , L1 , or mother tongue -RRB- is the language a person has learned from birthBloomfield , Leonard .
The actual situation was slightly more complex with the Dutch provinces Holland , Zeeland , Utrecht , Gelderland and Overijssel entering into personal union in 1689 and Drenthe in 1696 .
Birth Son of Spaniard Juan de San Martin y Gómez , born in Cervatos de la Cueza on February 12 , 1728 , and wife Gregoria Matorras , he was born the fifth and last child in February 25 , 1778 in Yapeyú , a small village in Corrientes , Argentina .
There are representatives of this group on all the continents except Antarctica and South America .
Xenophobia is a dislike and/or fear of that which is unknown or different from oneself .
The film was directed by Renny Harlin , and stars Bruce Willis as John McClane .
The Global Handwashing Day took place for the first time on October 15 , 2008 , the date appointed by UN General Assembly in accordance with year 2008 as the International Year of Sanitation .
Under the first Jefferson administration , Monroe was dispatched to France to assist Robert R. Livingston to negotiate the Louisiana Purchase .
Voice Mail Service
Mario Tennis , known in Japan as Mario Tennis 64 , is a sports video game developed by Camelot and Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game console . The game was released in North America and Japan in the summer of 2000 , and released in Europe later in November .
The Russian part included 120,000 km ² and 1.2 million people with Vilnius -LRB- Wilno -RRB- , the Prussian part -LRB- new provinces of New East Prussia and New Silesia -RRB- 55,000 km ² and 1 million people with Warsaw , and the Austrian 47,000 km ² with 1.2 million and Lublin and Kraków .
Chaudrey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
He initially had five escopetarras built by Colombian luthier Alberto Paredes , four of which were given to Colombian musician Juanes , Argentine musician Fito PÃ ez , the United Nations Development Program , and the city government of BogotÃ , while one was kept for himself .
This has a separate schedule to Midwest Radio , although The Mid Morning Show does broadcast on Midwest Irish Radio .
Elizabeth II , as the Queen of New Zealand , is the country 's head of state and is represented by a ceremonial Governor-General who holds reserve powers .
Le Limbé Arrondissement
To find out more information , see Julia Child and Larousse Gastroromique .
Mark Jerrold Henry -LRB- born June 12 , 1971 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- performing on its Raw brand .
Faridpur is a district in central Bangladesh .
He later became the maître d' at Rickey 's Lounge restaurant .
Biography , although popular throughout antiquity , was introduced as a branch of history by the works of Plutarch -LRB- c. 46 â '' 127 -RRB- and Suetonius -LRB- c. 69 â '' after 130 -RRB- who described the deeds and characters of ancient personalities , stressing their human side .
Scottish Folds typically have soft voices and display a complex repertoire of meows and purrs not found in better-known breeds .
The case remained unsolved and cold for over three years , partly due to the volume of tips pouring in to the police who investigated the crime .
English National Opera -LRB- ENO -RRB- is an opera company based in London , England , resident at the London Coliseum in St. Martin 's Lane .
The hill stations of Ooty , Coonoor and Valparai are close to the city making it a good tourist attraction throughout the year .
The train was occupied by senior year pupils of a Radevormwald middle school , their teachers and accompanying railway staff , on the return journey from a class outing in Bremen .
Formerly empowered local lords who did not want to be oppressed by greedy kings emigrated overseas .
William Tell -LRB- ; ; ; -RRB- is a folk hero of Switzerland .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
Saint-Denis was founded by Ã tienne RÃ gnault in 1669 and became the capital of RÃ union island in 1738 .
PART I -- GEOGRAPHICAL
Louis XVI -LRB- 23 August 1754 -- 21 January 1793 -RRB- ruled as King of France and of Navarre from 1774 until 1791 , and then as King of the French from 1791 to 1792 .
Therefore if the mind can think only in terms of causality which he concluded that it does then we can know prior to experiencing them that all objects we experience must either be a cause or an effect .
Her father was a Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court and later became a prominent landowner in southwestern Ohio .
In the 1989 San Marino Grand Prix , Gerhard Berger crashed his Ferrari at Tamburello after a front wing failure .
In 1910 , Korea was forcibly annexed by Japan and remained occupied until the end of World War II in August 1945 .
University of Cincinnati - 1957-1969
Skol was initially created to be a global beer brand .
Thallium -LRB- I -RRB- sulfate -LRB- Tl2SO4 -RRB- , archaically known as thallous sulfate , is the sulfate salt of thallium .
According to December 31 , 2005 official estimates , the city of Dakar proper has a population of 1,030,594 , whereas the population of the Dakar metropolitan area is estimated at 2.45 million people .
Duracell is a brand of batteries manufactured by Procter & Gamble .
The Opel Vectra is a large family car that was engineered and produced by Opel , the German subsidiary of General Motors -LRB- GM -RRB- .
There are two extant groups of jawless fish -LRB- sometimes called cyclostomes -RRB- , the lampreys and the hagfish , with about 100 species in total .
Cléville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Province of Florence -LRB- -RRB- is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
A king might hold numerous mistresses but have a single '' favorite mistress '' or '' official mistress '' -LRB- in French , '' maÃ tresse en titer '' -RRB- , as with Louis XV and Madame de Pompadour .
Prypiat -LRB- ; -RRB- , or Pripyat , is an abandoned city in the zone of alienation in northern Ukraine , Kiev Oblast , near the border with Belarus .
The Game Boy Player is a device made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube which enables Game Boy -LRB- although Super Game Boy enhancements are ignored -RRB- , Game Boy Color , or Game Boy Advance cartridges to be played on a television .
The town has a population of 2,936 according to the 2001 Census .
Roosevelt died at her Manhattan home on November 7 , 1962 at 6:15 p.m. , at the age of 78 .
1988 & ndash ; The Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR declares that Estonia is '' sovereign '' but stops short of declaring independence .
Alfred Wilhelm Franz Maria Hugenberg -LRB- 19 June 1865 - 12 March 1951 -RRB- was an influential German businessman and politician .
Following Napoleon 's final defeat in 1815 at the Battle of Waterloo , the French monarchy was re-established , but with new constitutional limitations .
Óscar David Suazo Velázquez -LRB- born 5 November 1979 in San Pedro Sula -RRB- is a Honduran footballer , who currently plays as a striker for Serie A side Internazionale .
Cullen , p. 23 , p. 608 On Short 's advice , Adams applied for a job as a general practitioner in a Christian practice in Eastbourne .
The bottom 39 floors of the Burj Khalifa skyscraper in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , house an Armani Hotel with 160 guest rooms and suites , and 144 residences . Giorgio Armani is also designing the interiors of the Armani Residences , also within the skyscraper , and its specially designed line of products from the Armani\/Casa home furnishings collection .
A gunny sack is a cloth container used for carrying or storing various things .
This dwarfs even the better-known Alligator Snapping Turtle , the largest chelonian in North America , which attains a shell length of up to and a weight of about .
Unforgiven -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on September 7 , 2008 at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland , Ohio .
Notable recordings include Faces in the Street , Beneath the Southern Cross , Bushfire , Murrumbidgee and The Shearers Dream -- two of which were released through Australian record label Astor Records .
Shaw began learning the saxophone when he was 13 years old , and by the age of 16 , he switched to the clarinet and left home to tour with a band .
Nelson founded Project Xanadu in 1960 with the goal of creating a computer network with a simple user interface .
Cramer , P. , Bushnell , D.A. and Kornberg , R.D. -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB- Structural basis of transcription : RNA polymerase II at 2.8 ångstrom resolution .
Stade Rennais Football Club -LRB- ; commonly referred to as Stade Rennais or simply Rennes -RRB- is a French association football club based in Rennes .
The population estimate for 2008 was 229,047 .
Mickey 's House of Villains is a direct-to-video film produced by The Walt Disney Company .
MEPIS LLC was founded in 2002 and leverages the MEPIS Linux distribution as a foundation for MEPIS business partners to build and deploy virtualized data center , secure server and desktop solutions that integrate and provide a migration path for utilizing hardware virtualization , IPv6 , IPsec and DNSsec .
Duke is relaxing on a tropical island when he discovers that the aliens are having their own '' vacation '' .
The Suru valley is a valley in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir , which is drained by the Suru River -LRB- Indus -RRB- , a powerful tributary of the Indus river .
According to SEOBidding.com , the first auction ended with fake bids so the auction was reactivated .
-RRB-
It is the more common of the two scripts used to write Malay -LRB- the other is the Jawi script -RRB- .
Romero is currently separated from his wife , Christine Forrest , whom he met on the set of Season of the Witch .
The International Institute of Social History -LRB- , abbreviation : IISG -RRB- is a historical research institute in Amsterdam .
Prime Minister Sir Robert Peel -LRB- United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland -RRB-
With his position in the Tanzanian government as head of the country 's national park system , Bryceson was able to protect Goodall 's research project and implement an embargo on tourism at Gombe while he was alive .
La BoissiÃ re-de-Montaigu is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The Royal Academy of Music manages the Royal Academy of Music Bach Prize -LRB- sponsored by the Kohn Foundation -RRB- , a music award to musicians or scholars who have made an important contribution to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach .
Context switches are usually computationally intensive and much of the design of operating systems is to optimize the use of context switches .
Chaniá -LRB- , , also transliterated Chania , Hania , and Xania , older form Chanea and Venetian Canea , Ottoman Turkish Hanya -RRB- is the second largest city of Crete and the capital of the Chania Prefecture .
The International General Certificate of Secondary Education -LRB- abbreviated IGCSE or iGCSE -RRB- is an internationally recognized qualification for school students , typically in the 14 â '' 16 age group .
The Gauls were the speakers of the Gaulish language -LRB- an early variety of Celtic -RRB- native to Gaul .
Followers of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad are considered non-Muslims in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia and have faced relentless persecution of various types over the years .
Gennady Nikolayevich Rozhdestvensky -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born May 4 , 1931 -RRB- is a Russian conductor .
Isabella Mary Beeton -LRB- née Mayson -RRB- -LRB- 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 -RRB- , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
The Chicago Sun-Times is an American daily newspaper published in Chicago , Illinois .
Google MapsScottish Government - -LRB- Henry McLeish backs plans for Ravenscraig Regeneration -RRB- The main spine of the new road network has been constructed and there are facilities onsite to help decontaminate the River Calder which suffered during the years Ravenscraig was in operation .
Africa is expected to collide with Europe completely over 50 million years from now , closing the Mediterranean , and creating new , future mountain ranges -LRB- with an addition to the Alps -RRB- .
The Library is a world leader in digital preservation techniques -LRB- see padi -RRB- , and maintains an Internet-accessible archive of selected Australian websites called the Pandora Archive .
He currently coaches Japanese football club Machida Zelvia .
His most recent articles were published in the journals '' Economic Theory '' -LRB- 2003 , with Thomas Marschak -RRB- , '' Review of Economic Design '' -LRB- 2001 , with Stanley Reiter -RRB- and '' Advances in Mathematical Economics '' -LRB- 2003 , with Marcel K. Richter -RRB- .
When Chef learns that Kyle 's brother was abducted and sees a machine emerge from Cartman 's rear end , he helps the boys escape from school by pulling the fire alarm .
In 1994 both districts were merged in order to form a new district , which was called Westerzgebirgskreis and was one year later renamed to the present name -LRB- Aue-Schwarzenberg -RRB- .
The sections of the Proper of the Mass include the Introit , Gradual , Alleluia or Tract -LRB- depending on the time of year -RRB- , Offertory and Communion .
Members are elected by simple plurality -LRB- ` first-past-the-post ' system -RRB- in each of the country 's electoral districts , which are colloquially known as ridings .
'' I did n't copy the accident .
Warner Bros. had initially created a viral marketing campaign for The Dark Knight , developing promotional websites and trailers highlighting screen shots of Ledger as the Joker , but after Ledger 's death , the studio refocused its promotional campaign .
Origanum species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Coleophora albitarsella .
In 1621 -LRB- Ming Dynasty -RRB- , another short-lived kingdom of Daliang -LRB- å æ cents -RRB- was established by She Chongming -LRB- å cents å æ -RRB- with Chongqing as its capital .
The term ` robin ' for this species has been recorded since at least 1703 .
Naperville is a city in DuPage and Will counties in Illinois in the United States , voted the second best place to live in the United States by Money Magazine in 2006 .
Electrolyte solutions can also result from the dissolution of some biological -LRB- e.g. , DNA , polypeptides -RRB- and synthetic polymers -LRB- e.g. , polystyrene sulfonate -RRB- , termed polyelectrolytes , which contain charged functional groups .
Cyrus is best known for starring as the title character in the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana .
Official website Hildburghausen is a district in Thuringia , Germany .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Al-Gharafa Sports Club won the championship .
Nevertheless , he found staying current with the law obstructed his plans to study government to achieve his long-term plans for a political career .
He is a center back and currently plays for the J-league team Urawa Red Diamonds .
The Faisal Mosque is named after the late King Faisal bin Abdul Aziz of Saudi Arabia , who supported and financed the project .
Ascarat -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The Red Deer inhabits most of Europe , the Caucasus Mountains region , Asia Minor and parts of western and central Asia .
As a fortified city , the city was a strategic military and political significance .
New York City Police Museum site Accessed January 26 , 2008 The Housing Police , along with the New York City Transit Police , was merged into the New York City Police Department in 1995 by New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and continues today as the Housing Bureau .
In remembrance of the old tradition , the Axel Springer press company erected its German headquarters at KochstraÃ e again , right next to the Berlin Wall .
During the rainy season the rivers from the northeast -LRB- in outback Queensland -RRB- flow towards the lake through the Channel Country .
Deathbed conversion , done just before death
The Canadian Security Intelligence Service -LRB- CSIS , ; , SCRS -RRB- is Canada 's national intelligence service .
His first action after his freedom was to visit the Shrine of BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h in Bahji .
Leipzig -LRB- , also called Leipsic in English ; -RRB- is , with a population of appr .
This is made up of sections of actual wall , of trenches and of natural defensive barriers such as hills and rivers .
At one time , Cuba was the world 's most important sugar producer and exporter .
Back at camp , the castaways temporarily put the game aside and took a moment from themselves as they read their letters .
Coucy-l Ã s-Eppes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In religious contexts , he is sometimes called '' Haji '' or '' el-Haj Mohammed Suharto '' , but this Islamic title is not part of his formal name or generally used .
The Governor of California is the highest executive authority in the California state government , whose responsibilities include making annual '' State of the State '' addresses to the California State Legislature , submitting the budget , and ensuring that state laws are enforced .
Trossingen is a town in Baden-Württemberg , Germany .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 8 , 1990 .
Thompson became the second goaltender to win his second Vezina Trophy in 1932 -- 33 since its inception in the 1926 -- 27 season , as he recorded 11 shutouts and a 1.76 goals-against average .
They ended on November 30 , 1950-65 .
The words mantle and pallium both originally meant cloak or cape , see mantle -LRB- vesture -RRB- .
1792 & ndash ; La Marseillaise -LRB- French national anthem -RRB- is composed by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle .
1897 & ndash ; Enid Blyton , English author -LRB- d. 1968 -RRB-
In May 2009 FSF dropped the lawsuit when Cisco agreed to make a monetary donation to the FSF and appoint a Free Software Director to conduct continuous reviews of the company 's license compliance practices .
At the time of its opening on May 21 , 2005 , it became the tallest and fastest roller coaster in the world , claiming the title from Top Thrill Dragster at Cedar Point .
Businesses At the end of the 1990s he set up Schuhbecks GmbH .
All even perfect numbers have a very precise form ; odd perfect numbers either do not exist or are rare .
Phoronids are worm-shaped , but with a gut that loops and exits the body near the mouth , instead of running the length of the animal , as in annelids -LRB- and many vertebrates -RRB- .
Saint-Loub Ã s is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Flak tower
JÃ gr is currently in the top fifteen among players in NHL career goals , assists and points -LRB- as of the end of the 2008 â '' 09 NHL season -RRB- , and is the all-time leader among European trained players in all three categories .
_ Molina
A sovereign state is a state with a permanent population , a defined territory , a government and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states .
Both H. antecessor and H. heidelbergensis are likely descended from the morphologically very similar Homo ergaster from Africa .
A solar eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the Sun and the Earth so that the Sun is fully or partially covered .
Some of this money was put into the building of churches so the area has a number of large handsome Cotswold stone '' wool churches '' .
April -- Fire destroys the Gra Bet -LRB- or Left Quarter -RRB- of Gondar , the capital of Ethiopia .
She was born Florence Kling , the daughter of Amos Kling , a prominent Marion , Ohio banker , and Louisa Bouton Kling .
Operation Barbarossa -LRB- German : Unternehmen Barbarossa , for Frederick I -RRB- was the code name for Germany 's invasion of the Soviet Union during World War II that began on 22 June 1941 .
Cable cars and chair lifts carry skiers in the winter and hikers in the summer ; the highest of them leads to the Klein Matterhorn at 3,883 m , a peak on the ridge between Breithorn and Matterhorn that offers spectacular views in all directions .
If a disproportionate number of newcomers show up on one side of a vote , you should make them feel welcome while explaining that their votes may be disregarded .
It is played under the chin in the same manner as the violin .
Since transactional support is not universally present in hardware RAID , many operating systems include transactional support to protect against data loss during an interrupted write .
Musical style How to Grow a Woman from the Ground takes influence from different genres , '' drawing equally from traditional bluegrass , progressive acoustic , and singer/songwriter traditions '' , with one critic calling the majority of the album very '' roots oriented '' .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in 1968 by Jimmy Page -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Robert Plant -LRB- vocals -RRB- , John Paul Jones -LRB- bass guitar , keyboards -RRB- , and John Bonham -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Many cultures have one or more coming of age birthdays : Jewish boys have a bar mitzvah on or around their 13th birthday .
It was thought that the three beams when combined would produce an intense white light ; the idea came from the then-new medium of color television .
In 1922 , the Bank of Lithuania issued notes in denominations of 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 and 50 centai , 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 50 and 100 litÅ .
Alfred Jodl G G G G Death Wehrmacht Generaloberst , Keitel 's subordinate and Chief of the OKW 's Operations Division 1938-1945 .
There is also a regularly-erupting geyser named Old Faithful near Calistoga , California .
Muslim scholars agree to the leader appointed for five daily services may lead the Friday service as well .
The most common type of single-mode fiber has a core diameter of 8 -- 10 micrometers and is designed for use in the near infrared .
Wheaton College is a private Evangelical Protestant , coeducational , liberal arts college in Wheaton , Illinois , a suburb west of Chicago in the United States .
Some of the key topics that spurred development of the field have been the evolution of enzyme function , the use of nucleic acid divergence as a '' molecular clock '' to study species divergence , and the origin of non-functional or junk DNA .
Novel genes are produced by several methods , commonly through the duplication and mutation of an ancestral gene , or by recombining parts of different genes to form new combinations with new functions .
His son had been studying Greek mythology in second grade and asked that his father come up with bedtime stories based on Greek myths .
is a Japanese former footballer .
Béthon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
In the late 1990s , however , Indonesia was the country hardest hit by the East Asian Financial Crisis which led to popular protests and Suharto 's resignation on 21 May 1998 .
The short-lived French Constitution of 1791 was the first written constitution of France .
He was succeeded by the Most Rev. Katharine Jefferts Schori , the first woman primate in the Anglican Communion .
He rose to international prominence as conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and since 2002berliner-philharmoniker .
Mont-Saint - Éloi is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kelenna David Azubuike -LRB- born December 16 , 1983 -RRB- is a professional basketball player .
1989 & ndash ; U.S. Congressman Mickey Leland -LRB- D-TX -RRB- and 15 others die in a plane crash in Ethiopia .
He seized control of the capital city Luoyang in 189 when it was in a state of turmoil following the death of Emperor Ling and a clash between the eunuch faction and some court officials led by General-In-Chief He Jin .
Potassium was first isolated from potash .
Treasure Planet is a 2002 animated science fiction film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios , and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 27 , 2002 .
A townsite developed overnight around the new workings and was named Picher in honor of O. S. Picher , owner of Picher Lead Company .
Miramas is a commune in the département of Bouches-du-Rh ône in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region of France .
Additionally , he provided the voices of Cassim in Disney 's Aladdin and the King of Thieves , Man Ray in SpongeBob SquarePants , and Tobias in the computer game Freelancer .
Averdoingt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Roads There is an Inner Ring Road with part motorway status and an Outer Ring Road .
Mascoutah is a small town in St. Clair County , Illinois , United States .
He took his first dance lessons at the Henry Street Settlement House , to which commuted by subway from his home in the South Bronx to the Lower East Side almost daily .
Wrightwood is a census-designated place located in the San Gabriel Mountains , in San Bernardino County , California .
An IRCd , short for Internet Relay Chat daemon , is server software that implements the IRC protocol , enabling people to talk to each other via the Internet -LRB- exchanging textual messages in real time -RRB- .
The Bengal Presidency -LRB- -RRB- originally comprising east and west Bengal , was a colonial region of British India , which comprised undivided Bengal , which is present day Bangladesh and West Bengal , as well as the states Assam , Bihar , Meghalaya , Orissa and Tripura .
'' 80,000 dead in one Burma province '' , The Australian , May 9 , 2008 The cyclone made landfall in the country on May 2 , 2008 , causing catastrophic destruction and at least 138,000 fatalities .
A multitude of airports around the Alps -LRB- and some within -RRB- , as well as long-distance rail links from all neighbouring countries , afford large numbers of travellers easy access from abroad .
However , structural problems led to the sculpture being dismantled in 2009 .
The corresponding term is especially common in German , where it is known as Schiitischer Halbmond -LRB- '' shia halfmoon '' -RRB- .
The Sassanid Empire -LRB- also spelled Sasanid Empire , Sassanian Empire , or Sasanian Empire -RRB- , known to its inhabitants as r nshahr and r n , was the last pre-Islamic Persian Empire , ruled by the Sasanian Dynasty from 224 to 651 .
After the Union of the Crowns James was the first to style himself '' King of Great Britain '' , but the title was opposed by both the English and Scots parliaments , and its legal basis was questionable .
In the Greek Orthodox Church , the terms '' kathedrikos naos '' -LRB- literally : '' cathedral shrine '' -RRB- is sometimes used for the church at which an archbishop or '' metropolitan '' presides . The term '' metropolis '' -LRB- literally '' mother city '' -RRB- is used more commonly than '' diocese '' to signify an area of governance within the church .
Around early 2005 , Comic producers had been searching for elite bloggers around the web .
Among Australian universities , it claims a leading position in business , education , engineering , arts , law and medicine .
It is situated in the Frankenwald , 11 km east of Kronach , and 32 km west of Hof .
Antarctic fishing is banned , and the fish population recovers .
Pakistan have provided medium-tech weapons to Bosnian Government in past .
Blue : Anti-bullying , anti-Bush vote , tsunami , prostate cancer
The first recorded use of French beige as a color name in English was in 1927 .
Î '' Ï Î 1\/2 , BabylÅ n -RRB- was an Akkadian city-state of ancient Mesopotamia , the remains of which are found in present-day Al Hillah , Babil Province , Iraq , about 85 kilometers -LRB- 55 mi -RRB- south of Baghdad .
Emmet Derby Boyle -LRB- July 26 , 1879 â '' January 3 , 1926 -RRB- was the 13th Governor of Nevada .
Basil said , '' I 've got the kid . ''
It was first broadcast on BBC One between January 2006 and April 2007 , lasting for two series in total .
, commonly referred to simply as Rio , is the capital city of the State of Rio de Janeiro , the second largest city of Brazil and the third largest metropolitan area and agglomeration in South America , R.L. Forstall , R.P. Greene , and J.B. Pick , '' Which are the largest ?
Peake 's mother was an Army nurse , and his brother was a naval aviator .
Certain human activities can produce brackish water , in particular certain civil engineering projects such as dikes and the flooding of coastal marshland to produce brackish water pools for freshwater prawn farming .
Whitchurch is a market town in Shropshire , England on the border between England and Wales .
In 1968 , Lennon left her for Yoko Ono , and planned to sue for divorce and sole custody of their son .
Image = Gray72-en .
It took place at the Scandinavian Raceway in Anderstorp -LRB- Gislaved Municipality -RRB- , about 30 km from JÃ nkÃ ping , in SmÃ land , Sweden .
An audio engineer is closer to the creative and technical aspects of audio rather than formal engineering .
ChÃ cents tillon-en-Michaille is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This table can be sorted by constituency , party or party group : click the symbol at the top of the appropriate column .
The game is often used as a selection method in a way similar to coin flipping , drawing straws , or throwing dice .
The name Runnymede is used commonly now to refer to land in National Trust ownership in the Thames flood plain south-west of the river between Old Windsor and Egham .
The first was in the bakufu-domain system , which by the eighteenth century was in trouble .
CorrÃ ze is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
ZoneAlarm was formerly known as Zone Labs , the usage of which is declining .
It was written by Kazushige Nojima and the music was composed by Nobuo Uematsu .
Shiva Lingams in India have tended to become more and more stylized over the centuries , and existing lingams from before the 6th century show a more leaning towards the naturalistic style , with the '' glans '' clearly indicated .
HEADING Minor -LRB- very small -RRB- edits -LRB- change -RRB-
At right is displayed the color tea rose .
A telephone numbering plan is a type of numbering scheme used in telecommunications to allocate telephone numbers to subscribers and to route telephone calls in a telephone network .
Common colored varieties include citrine , rose quartz , amethyst , smoky quartz , milky quartz , and others . Quartz goes by an array of different names .
Like other sign languages , its grammar and syntax are distinct from any spoken language , including English .
They opine that '' there is nothing inherently wrong with bathing with children or otherwise appearing naked in front of them '' , noting that doing so may provide an opportunity for parents to provide important information .
Ichthyophthirius multifiliis -LRB- commonly known as white spot disease , ich , or ick -RRB- is a common disease of freshwater fish .
The Yaque del Norte is the longest and most important Dominican river .
Trough -LRB- meteorology -RRB- , an elongated region of low atmospheric pressure
History Oldland Mill was built c. 1700 , the earliest record of a windmill in the area dates from 1703 .
MPs hold office until Parliament is dissolved and serve for limited terms of up to five years after an election , but historically terms end before their expiry and the sitting government typically dissolves parliament within four years of an election according to a long-standing convention .
Before Disney , she had one of the roles on Barney & Friends .
The city motto Urbs Intacta Manet Waterfordia -LRB- '' Waterford remains the untaken city '' -RRB- was granted by King Henry VII of England in 1497 after Waterford refused to recognize the claims of the pretenders Lambert Simnel and Perkin Warbeck to the English throne .
Early planes were made from wood with a rectangular slot or mortise cut across the center of the body .
In 1920 , Anderson was institutionalized in a mental hospital after a suicide attempt in Berlin .
It is a form of marine debris or tidewrack .
Home to Cameroon 's largest port and its major international airport , Douala Airport , it is the commercial capital of the country .
Gilmore then reported the message to the Federal Bureau of Investigation , who informed local police who arrested the teenager .
Drew Barrymore as Chloe - Chihuahua
The counties The historic counties are as follows : Vision of Britain -- List of subdivisions of England .
Neigenfind , W. : Unsere schöne Stadt , p. 46 .
Joined by Richard Montgomery 's small army , he participated in the December 31 assault on Quebec City in which Montgomery was killed and Arnold 's leg was shattered .
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is an American television sitcom that originally aired on NBC from September 10 , 1990 to May 20 , 1996 .
Camembert and Salvador Dalí '' The Persistence of Memory '' is one of the most famous paintings by artist Salvador Dali .
The typical caper story involves one or more crimes -LRB- especially thefts , swindles , or occasionally kidnappings -RRB- perpetrated by the main characters in full view of the reader .
Unbalanced Feistel ciphers use a modified structure where L_0 and R_0 are not of equal lengths .
On 16 November 2006 eBox was officially approved as a NEOTEC project , receiving public funds from the CDTI -LRB- a Spanish public organisation , under the Ministry of Industry , Commerce and Tourism -RRB- to complete the development of version 1.0 .
Baxter is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
In the Islamic calendar , a new day , and therefore also Eid ul-Fitr , begins at sunset .
Most modern Japanese castles have moats filled with water , but castles in the feudal period more commonly had ` dry moats ' -LRB- karahori , ç å -RRB- , essentially a ditch . Even today , it is common for mountain castles to have dry moats .
1892 & ndash ; The Pledge of Allegiance is first recited .
The Orlando area is home to a wide variety of tourist attractions , including the Walt Disney World Resort , Universal Orlando Resort , SeaWorld Orlando and Holy Land Experience .
Tocotronic is a German rock band founded in 1993 -LRB- see 1993 in music -RRB- .
Sudbury is a town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States , population 17,977 .
London Heathrow Airport or Heathrow , in the London Borough of Hillingdon , is the busiest airport in the United Kingdom .
Tina Turner -LRB- born Anna Mae Bullock , November 26 , 1939 -RRB- is an American singer and actress whose career has spanned more than 50 years .
As well as functioning as a football stadium , the Emirates Stadium also operates as a conference center and music venue .
The Bulgarians were known to the Prussian police as senior Comintern operatives , but the police had no idea how senior they were ; Dimitrov was head of all Comintern operations in Western Europe .
1043 & ndash ; Edward the Confessor is crowned King of England .
They are known for their roles as twins Janice -LRB- Milly -RRB- and Jessica Ellis -LRB- Becky -RRB- on The Suite Life of Zack and Cody -LRB- 2006 -- 2008 -RRB- .
Saint-Contest is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
After World War II , Leipzig became a major urban center within the Communist German Democratic Republic .
The N-Gage is a mobile telephone and handheld game system by Nokia , based on the Nokia Series 60 platform , released in October 2003 .
Bell is also credited with the invention of the metal detector in 1881 .
The British came very near to defeat at the Battle of Ferozeshah , but were eventually victorious and , after the defeat of the Sikhs at the Battle of Sobraon , the British marched unopposed into Lahore on February 20 , 1846Punjab - Imperial Gazetteer of India , v. 20 , p. 273 .
On this basis , Kant derives second formulation of the categorical imperative from the first .
George Gideon Oliver Osborne , MP -LRB- born 23 May 1971 in Paddington , London -RRB- is a British Conservative politician .
The Complete David Bowie : p. 257 Tim Renwick , John ` Honk ' Lodge , Mick Wayne and John Cambridge - all from the band ` Junior 's Eyes ' - featured on the album sessions and briefly served as Bowie 's backing band for live appearances and on an October 1969 BBC Radio session .
Tegan and Sara are a Canadian Indie rock\/Indie pop\/Alternative duo composed of identical twin sisters Tegan Rain Quin and Sara Keirsten Quin -LRB- born September 19 , 1980 -RRB- . Both Tegan and Sara play guitar and keyboard and write songs .
Several of Monroe 's biographers suggest that Gladys Baker used his name to avoid the stigma of illegitimacy .
May -- Battle of Wilton
Spain , Portugal , the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , and most of Italy implemented the new calendar on Friday , 15 October 1582 , following Julian Thursday , 4 October 1582 .
It is originally a Turkic word , qazaq , which means '' adventurer '' or '' free man '' .
Many factors are taken into account when assessing conservation status : not simply the number of individuals remaining , but the overall increase or decrease in the population over time , breeding success rates , known threats , and so on .
Tirana became Albania 's capital city in 1920 and has a population of over 600,000 .
After a United Nations peace keeper observed and reported Israel was forced to allow the people back .
In April 1946 , the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- and the Communist Party of Germany -LRB- KPD -RRB- merged to form the Socialist Unity Party -LRB- which later became the governing party of East Germany -RRB- .
System Design which includes all of the other hardware components within a computing system such as :
In 1933 , she represented Czechoslovakia in 4th WWCh in Folkestone -LRB- +14 -- 0 = 0 -RRB- .
Release Jaal was released by Film Arts on 31 August , 1973 on Karachi and Lahore cinemas .
Both parties adopted the '' equity of the incumbent '' principle , as the merger will account for almost 200 national and 8,000 local officials , amid Mrs. Arroyo 's prediction of 2010 elections victory .
The 2,500-strong Pakistan Coast Guard , headquartered in Karachi , is responsible for maritime law , and maintenance of seamarks , border control , anti-smuggling operations , and other services .
Charlotte Amalie is the capital and largest city of the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Georg Michael Telemann -LRB- 20 April 1748 4 March 1831 -RRB- was a German composer and theologian .
Another video , captured at a developers ' conference , features Steve Ballmer chanting the word '' developers '' .
Modern cryptography , on the other hand , is implemented in software or hardware and is used for a diverse range of applications ; for many cases , a chosen-plaintext attack is often very feasible .
Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine was located between Amago clan territory and Masuda clan territory , so there were many battles between these lords for the siver of vast quantity .
After his death in 395 , the Roman Empire was permanently divided .
Bourecq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It then joins the Humber estuary in the center of Kingston upon Hull .
Located at 1801 S. Grand Avenue , the venue was built in 1924 specifically for the 1932 Summer Olympics , which saw the boxing , weightlifting , and wrestling events held there .
Sometimes the stamps make up a greater picture . Some countries , and some issues , are produced as individual stamps as well as sheets .
Some of Quaid 's more recent film credits include Frequency -LRB-/O2000/O-RRB- , Far From Heaven -LRB-/O2002/O-RRB- , The Flight of the Phoenix -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , In Good Company -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , The Day After Tomorrow -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , Yours , Mine and Ours -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB- , Vantage Point -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- , ' -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- , and Pandorum -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Alma was the first tropical storm on record to strike the Pacific coast of Nicaragua .
Norman Mack '' Norm '' Van Brocklin -LRB- March 15 , 1926 -- May 2 , 1983 -RRB- , nicknamed '' The Dutchman '' , was an American football player and coach .
The metropolitan counties have population densities of between 800 -LRB- South Yorkshire -RRB- and 2800 -LRB- West Midlands -RRB- people\/km .
When service of this line started , the section of the Kwun Tong Line from Chater to Argyle -LRB- since renamed Central and Mong Kok stations respectively -RRB- , was transferred to the Tsuen Wan Line .
Today the theater is recognized as one of the leading opera and ballet theaters in the world and is home to the La Scala Theatre Chorus , La Scala Theatre Ballet and La Scala Theatre Orchestra .
Durant is a city in Bryan County , Oklahoma , United States .
Eubank is a city in Lincoln and Pulaski Counties in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
The Toronto subway and RT is a rapid transit system in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , consisting of both underground and elevated railway lines , operated by the Toronto Transit Commission -LRB- TTC -RRB- .
The lowest point in the state of Oklahoma is located on the Little River in McCurtain County , where it flows out of Oklahoma and into Arkansas .
Huffman won an Emmy for her work on Desperate Housewives -LRB- Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series -RRB- , as well as two 2006 Screen Actors Guild Awards -LRB- Best Actress - Comedy Series and part of Best Ensemble - Comedy Series -RRB- .
The 1920 Treaty of Paris was an act signed by Romania and the principal Allied Powers of the time -LRB- France , United Kingdom , Italy and Japan -RRB- whose purpose was the recognition of Romanian sovereignty over Bessarabia .
According to the treaty , the Kashmir valley was '' situated to the eastward of the river Indus and westward of the river Ravi '' , and covered an area of .
A quite different preparation mixes the chopped innards with chopped tomatoes and green peppers , and then cooks them on a large griddle with hot red pepper and oregano added .
Filain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Fast Food Nation is a 2006 American/British drama film directed by Richard Linklater .
; United States dry quart The US dry quart is equal to 1\/32 of a US bushel , exactly 1.101220942715 litres .
Some cuts are processed -LRB- corned beef or beef jerky -RRB- , and trimmings , usually mixed with meat from older , leaner cattle , are ground , minced or used in sausages .
The E.N.D. -LRB- short for The Energy Never Dies -RRB- is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas .
__ NOTOC __
The territory of the Romanian region Dobrogea is now organised as the counties of Constan a and Tulcea , with a combined area of 15,500 km and a population of slightly less than a million .
Should a tropical cyclone pass from one Warning Center to another it will retain its original name , except when moving into the South-West Indian Ocean where the Mauritius Meteorological Service will rename the system .
The first '' pure '' Bose -- Einstein condensate was created by Eric Cornell , Carl Wieman , and co-workers at JILA on June 5 , 1995 .
Faucoucourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Yet his etchings and paintings were popular throughout his lifetime , his reputation as an artist remained high , and for twenty years he taught many important Dutch painters .
Pir Sultan Abdal -LRB- ca .
Lawrence and Wishart Ltd. .
Sometimes the distinction is made between the great span -LRB- thumb to little finger -RRB- and little span -LRB- index finger to little finger -RRB- -LRB- Jones 1971 : 228 -RRB- .
The Japanese government attempted to confiscate and redistribute tribal land into personal ownership during World War II , and there has been little attempt to restore the old order .
The Boston Red Sox held a tryout at Fenway Park for Robinson and other black players on April 16 .
1952 & ndash ; President Harry Truman announces that the United States has developed the hydrogen bomb .
Prior to his death of a heroin overdose in 1988 , Slovak recorded two albums with the band , Freaky Styley -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan -LRB- 1987 -RRB- .
These words are very similar to those used by the British explorer James Weddell to describe his own experiences in the same area , a month earlier , which has led historians to suspect that Morrell may have plagiarised Weddell 's experiences .
However , the rapidly falling water table meant a drop of the water 's depth to 60 ' / 18m within a dozen years .
The influence of pharmaceutical companies is another major issue for the antipsychiatry movement .
Ladd began his junior hockey career in the Junior A British Columbia Hockey League -LRB- BCHL -RRB- with the Coquitlam Express .
La Lande-de-Fronsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
At that time the word great simply meant big , and had not acquired its modern connotations of excellence .
The film is directed by Burr Steers and stars Zac Efron and Amanda Crew .
Mutiny on the Bounty : Fletcher Christian leads the mutiny on HMS Bounty against Captain William Bligh .
LeMond rode the time trial using novel aero bars , which gave him an aerodynamic advantage , to beat Fignon by 58 seconds to claim his second yellow jersey with a final margin of eight seconds & ndash ; the closest in the Tour 's history .
Du PrÃ became a favorite at the Proms , performing every year until 1969 .
She made the medal-portraits to the celebration of the anniversary of the wedding of the king and queen , and she was hired by the US government to make the medal of George Washington at the centenary -LRB- hundred years anniversary -RRB- of the end of the war of independence in 1883 , and to the celebration of Christopher Columbus ' discovery of America in 1892 .
Mayenne -LRB- -RRB- is a department in northwest France named after the Mayenne River .
Rhodes -LRB- , RÃ dos , -RRB- is the principal city of the Greek island of Rhodes , in the southeastern Aegean Sea , and the capital of the Dodecanese prefecture .
The Flame Nebula is part of the Orion Molecular Cloud Complex , a star-forming region that includes the famous Horsehead Nebula .
Salisbury became the leader of the Conservative members of the House of Lords , though the overall leadership of the party was not formally allocated .
See for more information .
The band is most famous for being Tré Cool 's first band before joining Green Day .
It also included Basil Duke 's cavalry , Brig . Gen. George Cosby 's cavalry , and Col. Vincent Witcher 's 34th Battalion of Virginia Cavalry .
Lake Station is a city in Lake County , Indiana , United States .
John Campbell Ross -LRB- 11 March 1899 -- 3 June 2009 -RRB- was at the time of his death Australia 's oldest man and the last Australian veteran of the First World War .
Tristan da Cunha is said to be the '' most remote inhabited location on Earth . ''
When the British general Caractacus was captured in 50 , Claudius granted him clemency .
The Orrery was painted without a commission , probably in the expectation that it would be bought by Washington Shirley , 5th Earl Ferrers , an amateur astronomer who had an orrery of his own , and with whom Wright 's friend Peter Perez Burdett was staying while in Derbyshire .
Linguine -LRB- also spelled ` Linguini ' -RRB- is a form of pasta -- flat like fettuccine and trenette , but narrow like spaghetti .
The proposed 4,000 MW facility was to be located near Pampa , Texas , which is on the Texas Panhandle , and stretch to the east , spanning in five counties .
Billy Talent -LRB- formerly known as Pezz -RRB- is a Juno award-winning Canadian band formed in 1993 in Mississauga , Ontario .
Pythagoreanism is a term used for the esoteric and metaphysical beliefs held by Pythagoras and his followers , the Pythagoreans , who were much influenced by mathematics and probably a very inspirational source for Plato and Platonism .
Gavrelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kiyoshi Okuma -LRB- born June 21 , 1964 in Urawa , Saitama , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Lambert 's first marriage was to Florence Kaye ; their son was Kit Lambert .
Something of , from , or related to Greenland , the self-governing Danish province -LRB- and largest island in the world -RRB- located between the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans , east of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago .
Valery Abisalovich Gergiev -LRB- ; -RRB- -LRB- born 2 May 1953 -RRB- is a Russian conductor and opera company director .
See , for example , the triple spiral .
Original Reformed doctrine continues to be reflected in the official confessional , but in some cases is no longer necessarily typical of these churches .
Robb wrote CsupÃ '' such a beautiful , heartwarming letter '' that expressed her love for the book and the character .
The Hawaiian name N n comes from its soft call .
Economy The major industry of the area used to be coal mining , but this has declined throughout all of England .
So , in a more complex way , did Jean-Jacques Rousseau , whose notions centered on the goodness of man and the liberty of citizens bound only by the social contractâ '' a form of popular sovereignty .
Former schools that became Everest Colleges include : Bryman College , Ashmead College , Mountain West College , Olympia College , Kee Business College , Parks College , Western Business College , Blair College and Springfield College .
The term '' gribble '' was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by Jens Rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
However , most Americans remain more accustomed to the Fahrenheit scale , which is the scale that U.S. broadcasters use in weather forecasting . It is also commonly used in the U.S. for measurement of body temperature , and household use such as cooking , and is the scale commonly seen on ovens and in recipes .
Another convention used on some early line printers left digit 0 unornamented but added a tail or hook to the capital O so that it resembled an inverted Q or cursive capital letter-O -LRB- -RRB- .
He helped lead the Philadelphia Phillies to the World Series in and has won World Series championships in with the Arizona Diamondbacks and in and with the Boston Red Sox .
Okmulgee is a city in Okmulgee County , Oklahoma , United States .
Though Puss Gets the Boot was popular on its initial release , no follow-up cartoons were originally scheduled . MGM saw Puss Gets the Boot as a '' flash in the pan '' , and assigned Hanna and Barbera to several musical cartoons .
Many Anglican churches contain statues of the Virgin Mary , and the faithful use devotional prayers including the Hail Mary .
Because of this lack of crystal structure , obsidian blade edges can reach almost molecular thinness , leading to its ancient use as projectile points and blades , and its modern use as surgical scalpel blades .
In 2005 , work started on the CEVA -LRB- Cornavin â '' Eaux-Vives â '' Annemasse -RRB- project , first planned in 1884 , which will connect Cornavin with the Cantonal hospital , the Eaux-Vives station and Annemasse , in France .
They were among the preeminent hardcore punk bands of the L.A. scene in the early 1980s .
Parental battles , arguments , and fights increased rapidly as supplies dwindled , and when retail supplies ran out , parents turned to the Internet , where Furbies could be purchased for two , three , or more multiples of their retail price .
The Cat Who Played Brahms -LRB-/O1987/O-RRB-
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
A Rose window -LRB- or Catherine window -RRB- is often used as a generic term applied to a circular window , but is especially used for those found in churches of the Gothic architectural style and being divided into segments by stone mullions and tracery .
Similar combinations , both in and out of the French culinary repertoire , may include leeks , parsnips , garlic , tomatoes , shallots , mushrooms , bell peppers , chilies , and ginger , according to the requirements of the regional cuisine or the instructions of the particular chef or recipe .
2005 -- 06 : Won Stanley Cup with Carolina Hurricanes , NHL 2nd All-Star Team
Ireland : The Diocese of Connor is erected .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
Kanye West 's song '' Stronger '' from the album Graduation prominently features a sample of '' Harder , Better , Faster , Stronger '' .
The Tsar 's children were raised as simply as possible .
Annales des empereurs du japon , p. 4 .
Malta , Panama , and Rhodesia -LRB- now Zimbabwe -RRB- competed at the Olympic Games for the first time .
As a result , the 2010 Grand Prix was held at Suzuka .
Rothrist is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Mardan is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Ferdinand Lassalle -LRB- 11 April 1825 -- 31 August 1864 -RRB- was a German-Jewish jurist and socialist political activist .
The orange dye was particularly unstable and tended to turn red after a while , so in the mid-17th century , red was made the official color .
St Austell is in the new parliamentary constituency of St Austell and Newquay which was created by the Boundary Commission for England -LRB- increasing the number of seats in Cornwall from five to six -RRB- .
Shingo Kunieda and Esther Vergeer both won the singles and doubles in the men 's and women 's wheelchair tennis events respectively .
PÃ ronnas is a commune in the Ain department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in eastern France .
Undertow helped heavy metal music remain prominent as a mainstream musical style , and allowed several later bands to break through to the mainstream .
The sabre target covers everything above the waist , except the hands -LRB- wrists are included -RRB- and the back of the head .
The viola 's four strings are normally tuned in fifths : C3 -LRB- an octave below middle C -RRB- is the lowest , with G3 , D4 and A4 above it .
Stebbins was required to teach a course on evolution , and during his preparation he became excited by contemporary research combining genetics and evolution .
ICDO =
The geography of the district is characterized by low-lying land with small hills and hillocks of red soil .
The Gunnedah Colliery Company was registered in May 1899 and by 22 June a private railway some in length had been completed from the railway station to their mine .
During a collective hunger strike in 1974 , which led to the death of Meins , philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre visited Baader in Stammheim Prison where he was being held .
Oreopoulou , p. 1 .
Inaugurated in 2002 , and has 145 meters in height and 35 floors , making it one of the largest in the country and most modern high-rise in Latin America .
Tropic of Capricorn is one of the five major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth .
1964 & ndash ; United States Surgeon General Dr. Luther Leonidas Terry , M.D. , publishes a landmark saying that smoking may be hazardous to health , sparking nation - and worldwide anti-smoking efforts .
Fluid mechanics can be mathematically complex .
The name Volkswagen Caddy has been used by the Volkswagen Group to describe four different Caddy models :
Robert Anthony Plant CBE -LRB- born 20 August 1948 -RRB- , is an English rock singer and songwriter , famous for his membership in the former rock band Led Zeppelin as the lead vocalist and lyricist , as well as for his successful solo career .
Following the Anglo-Saxon invasion of Britain , Tyldesley was part of the manor of Warrington , until the Norman conquest of England , when Tyldesley constituted a township by the name of Tyldesley-with-Shakerley in the ancient parish of Leigh .
By being able to appoint the President , rather than having the President popularly elected from the entire nation for a fixed term , many felt that too much power was being focused into Parliament 's hand with no check or balance on that power .
While median household income has a tendency to increase up to four persons per household , it declines thereon after .
Today there are thousands of Cayce students and more than 300 books written about Edgar Cayce .
Muzio Filippo Vincenzo Francesco Saverio Clementi -LRB- baptized Mutius Philippus Vincentius Franciscus Xaverius -RRB- , was born in Rome , Italy on January 24 , 1752 , and the following day baptized in the local church of S. Lorenzo in Damaso .
On 12 March 1850 , Hohenzollern-Hechingen officially became part of Prussia , and formed together with Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen the Hohenzollernsche Lande .
The ship was also considered one of the safest ever built .
The Lahore Resolution -LRB- Qarardad-e-Lahore Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ø -RRB- , commonly known as the Pakistan Resolution -LRB- Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù 3\/4 Ø Ú Ø Ø Ø Ù Qarardad-e-Pakistan -RRB- , was a formal political statement adopted by the Muslim League at the occasion of its three-day general session on 22 -- 24 March 1940 that called for greater Muslim autonomy in British India .
The marriage of his eldest daughter Maria Anna and her cousin le Grand Dauphin in 1680 was the outcome of the Bavarian alliance with France .
The accommodations for Hitler were in the newer , lower section and by February 1945 had been appointed with high quality furniture taken from the Chancellery along with several framed oil paintings .
Nevertheless , the archaeological register has shown traces of occupation since the 1st century , in Roman times .
If there is an even number of observations , then there is no single middle value ; the median is then usually defined to be the mean of the two middle values .
It was written by Freddie Mercury for the band 's 1975 album A Night at the Opera .
Vieil-Moutier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kim Do-Hoon -LRB- born 21 July 1970 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player .
The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting and also short distance freight trips along branch lines .
It was tasked to evaluate German and Bolshevik links to the militant movement in India , especially in Punjab and Bengal .
The coalition of Silvio Berlusconi brought the issue back into open discussion : the Italian Parliament -LRB- with the support of the vast majority of the represented parties -RRB- made February 10 National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe , first celebrated in 2005 with exhibitions and observances throughout Italy -LRB- especially in Trieste -RRB- .
From approximately 1953 to 1971 there was a sizeable garrison of Canadian soldiers and their families stationed at Soest -LRB- with the Canadian camps located just east of the town in Bad Sassendorf -RRB- as well as Werl and Hemer-Iserlohn and Deilinghofen to the southwest .
Saint-Michel-de-Feins is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is presided over by a president -LRB- currently Bernard Accoyer -RRB- , normally from the largest party represented , assisted by vice-presidents from across the represented political spectrum .
At the age of 16 she moved to Argentina to work there and unleash her ambition to be a star .
Jones started his rap music career in 2001 with his album , titled Round One : The Album and the debut single , '' You all Must 've Forgot '' .
Still visible throughout former East Berlin are the characteristic '' AmpelmÃ nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .
As coal was required to heat the salt pans , a coal mining community began to emerge in the area .
C.
Database entry includes justification for why this subspecies is vulnerable
The website IMDB reports that Tom Clancy 's novel Without Remorse is to be made into a movie and is expected to be released in 2011 .
Saint-Florent-des-Bois is a commune in the Vendée département in the Pays de la Loire region of France .
The blockade continued even after the Armistice of 11 November 1918 , in order to force Germany to sign the controversial Treaty of Versailles in June 1919 .
-LRB- Melbourne remained temporary capital until 1927 while the new capital was still under construction . -RRB-
Laurence Bergreen , Over the Edge of the World : Magellan 's Terrifying Circumnavigation of the Globe , HarperCollins Publishers , 2003 , hardcover 480 pages , ISBN 0-06-621173-5
Started in May 2001 , it reached 100,000 articles on March 8 , 2006 .
Gazelles are mostly found in the deserts , grasslands and savannas of Africa , but they are also found in southwest and central Asia , and the Indian subcontinent .
It dates from the 10th century , but the inhabited portion is chiefly Elizabethan .
In 1979 Petr Shelokhonov received the title of Honorable Actor of Russia .
Cambridge IGCSE provides a broad and flexible study program and covers subjects from a variety of areas : Languages , Humanities , Social Sciences , Mathematics , Creative , Technical and Vocational .
Diprotodon minor Zygomaturus trilobus was a smaller -LRB- bullock-sized , about two metres long by one metre high -RRB- Diprotodontid that may have had a short trunk .
The collection includes local textile work as well as religious artifacts .
Kagoshima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on the island of KyÅ '' shÅ '' .
Regardless , they are often blamed for oddities in nature , such as strangely large or weird stones .
Later he attended Harvard summer school and gained an M.A. from Livingstone College and an LL . D. from Wilberforce University .
Fisher , Roger .
1926 & ndash ; Tony Bennett , American singer
Carignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
He was an instructor at the AcadÃ mie Julian in Paris .
Ike killed 7 people as it traversed nearly the entirety of Cuba .
The toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each Webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique '' Secret Code '' printed on it that allows access to the '' Webkinz World '' website .
Bai Chongxi -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- 18 March 1893 1 December 1966 -RRB- , also spelled Pai Chung-hsi , was a Chinese Muslim general in the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- .
She achieved success in the mid-1980s with the release of the album She 's So Unusual and became the first artist to have four top-five singles released from one album .
In Spain , his most popular works are the early Episodios nacionales -LRB- 46 volumes -RRB- and Fortunata y Jacinta , while outside Spain his Novelas espaÃ olas contemporÃ neas are better known .
When a hurricane formed there in 2004 , it was informally named Catarina after Santa Catarina in Brazil , where it made landfall .
Komodo dragons eat by tearing large chunks of flesh and swallowing them whole while holding the carcass down with their forelegs .
Virginia Beach is the easternmost city of Hampton Roads that make up the core of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA .
The Balcony -LRB- Le Balcon -RRB- 1955\/1956\/1957
3 - Medium On many steep slopes -LSB- 1 -RSB- the snow is only moderately or weakly stable .
If P , Then Q : Conditionals and the Foundations of Reasoning .
The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 17,800 articles , followed by Italian , Polish , German , and Portuguese with over 5,000 articles each , and by Russian , Slovak , Spanish , Bulgarian , Bosnian , Slovenian , Turkish and French -LRB- which was restarted in December 2006 -RRB- .
As well as working as a standalone game , through a system dubbed '' lock-on technology , '' Sonic & Knuckles acts as an expansion pack to both Sonic the Hedgehog 2 and Sonic the Hedgehog 3 , with which it was developed in tandem .
Discount stores are more popular in the United States than other countries .
Varieties of Spam vary by region and include Spam Classic , Spam Hot & Spicy , Spam Less Sodium , Spam Lite , Spam Oven Roasted Turkey , Hickory Smoked , Spam with real Hormel Bacon , Spam with Cheese , and Spam Spread .
According to Thai Rath Newspaper of Thailand on 8 May 2008 , in the afternoon -LRB- Bangkok time -RRB- of 7 May 2008 , the Burmese junta permitted Italian flights containing relief supplies from the United Nations , and twenty-five tonnes of consumable goods , to land in Burma .
More generally , the term '' blueprint '' has come to be used to refer to any detailed plan .
The first evidence of land plants also appeared ; see Evolutionary history of life .
In 2008 , curator Edna Russman announced that a third of the Coptic art held in the museum 's collectionâ '' second-largest in North Americaâ '' is fake .
Fontaine-l ès - Vervins is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Goose Lake is a city in Clinton County , Iowa , United States .
He spent the next ten years in concentration camps at Heuberg , Kuhberg , Flossenbürg and Dachau .
Overijssel is bordered by Germany to the east , the Achterhoek region of Gelderland to the south , the Veluwe region of Gelderland and Flevoland to the west , and Friesland and the former moors of Drenthe to the north .
1806 & ndash ; The original Lower Trenton Bridge -LRB- also called the Trenton Makes the World Takes Bridge -RRB- , which spans the Delaware River between Morrisville , Pennsylvania and Trenton , New Jersey , is opened .
The bascules , weighing over 1,000 tons each , are counterbalanced to minimize the force required and allow raising in five minutes .
Peter Criss is a 1978 solo album from the drummer of American hard rock band Kiss .
Shortening is a semisolid fat used in food preparation , especially baked goods , and is so called because it promotes a '' short '' or crumbly texture -LRB- as in shortbread -RRB- .
Klingaman , William K. , The First Century : Emperors , Gods and Everyman , 1990 , p 64 Births Julia , daughter of Julius Caesar Drusus and Livilla -LRB- d. 43 -RRB- .
The club is based in the Buenos Aires neighborhood of Núñez , and play at the Estadio Monumental Antonio Vespucio Liberti .
Maria Jansson , known in history as Kisamor -LRB- English : The Mother of Kisa -RRB- , -LRB- 1788 -- 1842 -RRB- , was a Swedish natural doctor , the most famous female physician , and perhaps the most famous Swedish physician altogether , in the 19th century .
The most powerful successor state to Kievan Rus ' was Moscow , which served as the main force in the Russian reunification process and independence struggle against the Golden Horde .
On January 1 , 2006 Lochristi had a total population of 20,111 .
It was produced by Charles\/Burrows\/Charles Productions in association with Paramount Network Television for NBC , having been created by the team of James Burrows , Glen Charles , and Les Charles .
About 80 people live there and it has 4,34 km .
Producers who use the term '' bisexual porn '' are most frequently depicting what a bisexual or bi-curious man might wish to see -- sex acts between a man and a woman , as well as between two men .
Imogene is a city in Fremont County , Iowa , United States .
On July 12 , 2007 , it was announced that Formula One would not return to the IMS for , although a continuation of USGP at the IMS has not been completely ruled out for the future .
On August 1 , 2005 , former Norris Trophy-winning defenseman Randy Carlyle was hired as the seventh coach in team history .
Their small budget was another reason to use the ship for much of the storytelling .
Oconto County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Often this uses tannin , an acidic chemical compound .
Tradition varies on his relationship to Arthur , but he is best known today as Arthur 's illegitimate son by his half-sister Morgause .
The event was created in 2001 , with its inaugural event taking place on December 9 , 2001 at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego , California , replacing Armageddon for that year due to the possible insensitivity of the latter 's name with respect to the September 11 attacks .
Monopoly , where there is only one provider of a product or service .
Generally , they are not overly desirous of giving up their identity as Arabs , which might be a result of the bloom in multiculturalism and political correctness to respect their Islamic religious customs and traditions in the United States .
The first city in North America to establish a sister city relationship was Toledo , Ohio , with Toledo , Spain in 1931 .
It originates from the temperate to subtropical areas of Argentina and the surrounding countries in South America .
Solo career Gackt launched his solo career on May 12 , 1999 with the release of the EP Mizerable .
On Wikipedia , this approach is utilised , and for the sake of consistency , the genus Paranthropus is used for all articles which mention the species P. aethiopicus P. boisei and P. robustus .
In the UK , some types of powdered drinks are actually as thick as pure chocolate varieties .
To judge from these , his elegiac and iambicEarly Greek philosophy By Jonathan Barnes Page 40 ISBN 0140444610 poetry criticized and satirized a wide range of ideas , including Homer and Hesiod , the belief in the pantheon of anthropomorphic gods and the Greeks ' veneration of .
The first person to be executed via the electric chair was William Kemmler in New York 's Auburn Prison on August 6 , 1890 ; the '' state electrician '' was Edwin Davis .
Ecozones correspond to the floristic kingdoms of botany or zoogeographic regions of mammal zoology .
1983 & ndash ; Soviet war in Afghanistan : The United Nations General Assembly passes United Nations Resolution 37\/37 , stating that Soviet Union forces should withdraw from Afghanistan .
Following the regular season , the six teams with the best records -LRB- regardless of Conference -RRB- compete in the league 's three-week playoffs , which culminate in the late-November Grey Cup championship , the country 's largest annual sports and television event .
The park also includes the two smaller islands to the south of Norfolk Island , Nepean Island and Phillip Island .
Ter Hachatrjan -LRB- Russian Ð cents Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð 1\/2 -RRB- is the name of a Russian noble family , from 18 century .
Preparations As Tropical Storm Jose formed so close to shore there was a lead time of less than 9 hours on the tropical storm warning for the Veracruz coastline .
Joseph Hewes -LRB- January 23 , 1730 -- November 10 , 1779 -RRB- was a native of Princeton , New Jersey , where he was born in 1730 .
Peter Dennis Blandford '' Pete '' Townshend -LRB- ; born 19 May 1945 -RRB- is an English rock guitarist , vocalist , songwriter and author , known principally as the guitarist and songwriter for The Who , as well as for his own solo career .
After the Anschluss of Austria to Germany in 1938 , Rapid played in that country 's Gauliga Ostmark along with clubs such as First Vienna and Admira Vienna -LRB- playing then as Wacker Wien and Admira Wien -RRB- .
Matt Weinberg as Young Simba
The Worthing Chronicle -LRB- 1983 -RRB- is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card set in the Worthing series .
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1911/1912 season .
For other uses , see Cat -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- or Cats -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Some speakers of Quechua also call it ` runa simi ' -LRB- or regional variants thereof -RRB- , literally ` people speech ' , although ` runa ' here has the more specific sense of indigenous Andean people .
It borders on Bahia and Goiás -LRB- north -RRB- , Mato Grosso do Sul -LRB- far west -RRB- , the states of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro -LRB- south -RRB- and the state of Espírito Santo -LRB- east -RRB- .
They have been described as an oshare kei band , a subset of visual kei ; however , they refer themselves to Visual Kei .
He is Chairman of the Social Democratic Party -LRB- SPD -RRB- since October 18 , 2008 , a position he already held from 2004 to 2005 .
Toyota has recently applied for a trademark to the Supra name .
Area = frac -LCB- pi d ^ 2 -RCB- -LCB- 4 -RCB- approx 0 -LCB- . -RCB-
The song is a mid-tempo ballad sung from the perspective of the film 's lead character , Alice .
Loyola University Chicago is a Jesuit private university located in Chicago , Illinois .
Pneumonia can result from a variety of causes , including infection with bacteria , viruses , fungi , or parasites , and chemical or physical injury to the lungs .
On August 29 , 2005 , Gulfport was hit by the strong east side of Hurricane Katrina , and much of Gulfport was flooded or destroyed -LRB- see details below -RRB- .
The copper -LRB- II -RRB- chlorides are some of the most common copper -LRB- II -RRB- compounds , after copper sulfate .
Biziat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Each time a heresy arose in the Church , it was typically accompanied by a shift in worship for the heretical group .
He is the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for North Shropshire and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland .
Smith 's second film , Mallrats , did n't fare as well as Clerks .
He contributed drawings to The Bulletin , Worker , Sunday Times , Referee , and London Punch , but later became interested in aviation and radio , and did some remarkable work in connection with them .
Josef '' Jupp '' Posipal -LRB- June 20 , 1927 -- February 21 , 1997 -RRB- was a Romanian-born German footballer who was part of the 1954 FIFA World Cup winning German squad .
After Muhammad 's death , he played a key role in commanding Medinan forces for Abu Bakr in the Ridda wars , conquering central Arabia and subduing Arab tribes . He captured the Sassanid Arab client Kingdom of Al-Hirah , and defeated the Sassanid Persian forces during his conquest of Iraq -LRB- Mesopotamia -RRB- .
He is best known for playing the fourth incarnation of the Doctor in the science fiction television series , Doctor Who , a role he played from 1974 â '' 1981 .
The state of Bremen forms two enclaves within Lower Saxony , one being the city of Bremen , the other its seaport city of Bremerhaven .
Armed with clubs and a piano wire , they beat and choked the Undertaker out , and Hassan put him in the Camel Clutch .
MoÅ # Ä Å # ei is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 8,243 people . It has the following constituent villages : Dobridor , MoÅ # Ä Å # ei and MoÅ # Ä Å # ei-Gar Ä .
Charles '' Chuck '' Wendell Colson -LRB- born October 16 , 1931 , in Boston , Massachusetts -RRB- was the Special Counsel for President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973 .
Bathing serves several purposes :
Developed by Visual Works and Square Enix , Advent Children was the first announced title in the Compilation of Final Fantasy VII series , which is composed of titles related to the highly successful 1997 console role-playing game Final Fantasy VII .
Though born in Canada , she holds dual citizenship and has competed for the United States since she began skating with Benjamin Agosto in 1998 .
In 1892 , Oldham were one of the founder members of the Central Lancashire League and currently run teams in the First & Second divisions , Under 18 , Under 15 , Under 13 and Under 11 levels .
In mathematics , a group is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with an operation that combines any two of its elements to form a third element .
A good only partially completed during the manufacturing process is called '' work in process '' .
The Mexican Wolf -LRB- Canis lupus baileyi -RRB- is a subspecies of the Gray Wolf . It is native to North America , where it is the rarest and most genetically distinct subspecies .
The Matanuska Valley has become a large-lot suburban bedroom community exporting workers to Anchorage .
This element was created by firing accelerated zinc-70 nuclei at a target made of lead-208 nuclei in a heavy ion accelerator .
At his father 's death in 1675 , his mother took over a regency in the name of her nine year old son and would remain in de facto power till 1684 when Victor Amadeus banished her further involvement in the state .
Silly -LRB- -RRB- is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The house in the park later became the Viceregal Lodge , the '' out of season '' residence of the Lord Lieutenant -LRB- also known as the Viceroy -RRB- , where he lived for most of the year from the 1820s onwards .
Born in Fabriano -LRB- Ancona -RRB- , Italy 1877 , Fabbri was first sentenced for anarchist activities at the age of 16 in Ancona , and spent many years in and out of Italian prisons .
Many white Ã migrÃ s also believed it was their duty to remain active in combat against the Soviet dictatorship , with the hopes of liberating Russia .
` Tenor Juan Diego Flórez es ejemplo para la juventud y expresión del orgullo peruano ' , afirma Jefe de Estado Presidencia de la República del Perú '' , Presidencia de la República del Perú Nota de Prensa N 581 , 4 June 2007 .
Marcelo Carracedo -LRB- born April 16 , 1970 in Buenos Aires , Argentina -RRB- is a former Argentine footballer currently played in clubs of Argentina , Japan , Chile , Mexico , Spain , Germany and Austria .
He also serves as the Minister for Veterans ' Affairs and the Minister for Multicultural Affairs .
and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown !
To commemorate the success of Transition , Fly To The Sky released a special new edition , which included music videos , deleted scenes and the additional tracks '' Hwan Sang -LRB- Illusion -RRB- , '' '' Hot and Cold , '' and '' When I Say . ''
In 1757 he was made the British Resident -LRB- administrator in charge -RRB- of Murshidabad .
The album was ranked # 26 in Spins '' 100 Greatest Albums , 1985 -- 2005 '' and # 373 on Rolling Stones list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time .
The existing Aqua Claudia aqueduct was extended to supply water to the area and the gigantic bronze Colossus of Nero was set up nearby at the entrance to the Domus Aurea .
It has two forelimbs with small claws , two muscular hind-limbs , which are used for jumping , and a strong tail which is often used to create a tripod when standing upright .
Working with Gibbs , Perry continued his recording career but , once again , financial problems caused conflict .
Though certain to pass due to the Democratic-Republican majority , which had recently been solidified by the election of a Democratic-Republican clerk and speaker of the House , the Report was debated for five days .
If a movable holiday falls on Saturday , Sunday or Monday then it is not moved to another day .
The real numbers consist of irrational numbers and rational numbers , as well as the integers , whole numbers , and the natural numbers -LRB- the counting numbers -RRB- .
Sumatran tiger -LRB- Panthera tigris sumatrae -RRB- is a subspecies of tiger found on the Indonesian island of Sumatra .
Pierre is the capital of the U.S. state of South Dakota and the county seat of Hughes County .
The former , Zimmer 483 , spawned three top five singles in Germany while the latter , Scream , spawned two singles that reached the top twenty in new territories such as France , Portugal , Spain and Italy .
These instruments may have just four strings ; or some strings may be paired in courses , giving the instrument a total of eight strings .
The following Raw and SmackDown !
It has a population of about 22,269 -LRB- 2001 census -RRB- and an area of 24.05 kmÂ .
Kevin Jackson ` Tears of a fawn ' , The Independent , Feb. 6 , 2005 .
The orchestra was formed in 1946 mainly from German musicians expelled from Czechoslovakia under the Beneš decrees , who had previously been members of the German Philharmonic Orchestra of Prague .
The main olfactory system detects volatile , airborne substances , while the accessory olfactory system senses fluid-phase stimuli .
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium , which opened in 1978 and holds 10,300 fans .
The Sassanid Empire , which succeeded the Parthian Empire , was recognized as one of the two main powers in Western Asia and Europe , alongside the Roman Empire and later the Byzantine Empire , for a period of more than 400 years .
Season names in this kind of context are spelled with a lower-case initial .
South End Press .
At Tribal Council , the others decided to grant Jeff 's wish to leave the competition in a 4-2-1 vote .
A copy published in 1847 called it '' Himno Nacional Argentino '' , a name that has remained until today . Its lyrics were written by Vicente LÃ pez y Planes , and the music was composed by Blas Parera .
The total area is 85.07 km which gives a population density of 78 inhabitants per km .
The main plot is the history of love of Polish emigrant Jan PodobÅ oczny -LRB- Lange 's own porte-parole -RRB- to the materialization of an ideal woman named Damayanti .
Gumprecht , A. ; Tillack , F. ; Orlov , N.L. ; Captain , A. & Ryabow , S. 2004 Asian Pit Vipers .
Choi Sung-Kuk -LRB- born February 8 , 1983 -RRB- is a South Korean football player .
Located close to the border with Switzerland , it is the capital of the department of Doubs .
The Christian democrats lost votes compared to 2002 , reaching only 35 % , and failed to get a majority for a '' black-yellow '' government of CDU/CSU and liberal FDP .
He is a prominent member of the Bush family : the younger brother of former President George W. Bush ; the older brother of Neil Bush , Marvin Bush and Dorothy Bush Koch ; and the second son of former President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush .
The Maccabees Guitarist Felix White was formerly in a band with close friend and current solo artist Jack Peñate .
In Moscow in 1992 , one-quarter of the 155,000 people in his audience came forward upon his request .
Now available in satellite Measat 3 platform along with other MBC Radio stations .
There are six main types of bridges : beam bridges , cantilever bridges , arch bridges , suspension bridges , cable-stayed bridges and truss bridges .
Harrell met with Blige and in 1989 she was signed to the label , becoming the company 's youngest and first female artist .
OMIM = 603903
Asia The island nation of Usan-guk is conquered by the Korean Silla Dynasty general Lee Sabu .
Emperor Horikawa ascends to the throne of Japan .
Founded in 1895 , each season currently consists of over 70 concerts in the Albert Hall , a series of chamber concerts at Cadogan Hall , additional Proms in the Park events across the United Kingdom on the last night , and associated educational and children 's events .
Besides his popular science writing , Zimmer also gives frequent lectures , and has been on many radio shows , including National Public Radio 's Fresh Air and This American Life .
A boyfriend can refer to a partner in a romantic relationship in which the two people are not married to each other ; an intimate friend who is usually a man .
In August 1921 it underwent a final overhaul linked to the creation of a head of state titled the President of the Republic .
As more and more of the atmosphere moves away from the star , deeper and deeper layers at higher and higher temperatures are exposed .
The Nintendo Entertainment System -LRB- abbreviated to NES or Nintendo -RRB- is an 8-bit video game console that was released by Nintendo in North America , Europe and Australia in .
The 1938 -- 39 NHL season was the 22nd season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Eukaryotic aerobic respiration produces approximately 34 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule , however most of these are produced by a vastly different mechanism to the substrate-level phosphorylation in glycolysis .
As of 2003 , the town has an estimated population of 22,813 and a density of 70.03 persons per km .
He was a defender and a defensive midfielder .
It has been estimated that in the latter half of the tenth century Córdoba , with up to 500,000 inhabitants , was then one of the most populated cities in Europe .
Turnstiles are used at a wide variety of settings , including stadiums , amusement parks , museums , mass transit stations , office lobbies , retail sites , cafeterias , temporary exhibits , casinos and souvenir stands .
Nelson Frazier , Jr. -LRB- born February 14 , 1972 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring names Mabel , Viscera , Big Daddy V , and King V/O. He is best known for his work with -LRB- the -RRB- World Wrestling Federation\/Entertainment -LRB- WWF\/E -RRB- . He is currently signed with All Japan Pro Wrestling .
It is adjacent to the newly constructed Sabiha GÃ kÃ en International Airport and is surrounded by forests and fields .
Lea Ahlborn married the artist Carl Ahlborn and had several children .
The book , whose full title is Magnum crimen - pola vijeka klerikalizma u Hrvatskoj -LRB- The Great Crime - a half-century of clericalism in Croatia -RRB- , was written by a former Catholic priest and professor and historian at Belgrade University , Viktor Novak -LRB- 1889 â '' 1977 -RRB- .
The places for the believers in the hereafter are known as Paradise and for the non-believers as Hell .
The Gulf would extend as far as Indio , California , except for the tremendous delta created by the Colorado River .
She is currently the Secretary of State for Wales , and the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for the constituency of Chesham and Amersham in Buckinghamshire .
A spin-off called Ka-Pow !
The practice of the Enthronement is based upon Pope Pius XII 's declaration that devotion to the Sacred of Jesus is '' the foundation on which to build the kingdom of God in the hearts of individuals , families , and nations ... ''
He played for the youth teams of SC Altbach , of Stuttgarter Kickers and , from July 1999 onwards , of Stuttgart .
LeMond went on to win gold , silver and bronze medals at the 1979 junior world championships in Argentina and amazed spectators with his spectacular victory in the road race .
The old Romanian word for serpent , drac , is nowadays the most common and casual reference to the devil/demon .
Flint was used for the manufacture of flint tools during the Stone Age as it splits into thin , sharp splinters called flakes or blades -LRB- depending on the shape -RRB- when struck by another hard object -LRB- such as a hammerstone made of another material -RRB- .
Paul McCartney commented : '' The only arguments were about things like me spending three days on Maxwell 's Silver Hammer .
Domenico Ghirlandaio -LRB- 1449 -- 1494 -RRB- , Michelangelo 's teacher
The James Cotton Blues Band received a Grammy nomination in 1984 for Live From Chicago : Mr. Superharp Himself !
The team was re-named to Hispania Racing F1 Team -LRB- HRT -RRB- ahead of their first race , with the name taken from Grupo Hispania , one of Carabante 's companies .
After Jerilderie , Hart went into hiding with the gang and , for most of 1879 , the gang remained shawdowy and elusive figues although Hart did appear at a St. Kilda doctor 's surgery to be treated for a foot condition .
In 1968 Friedrich Kellner gave his diary to his American grandson to translate and bring to the attention of the public .
Restrictive cardiomyopathy -LRB- RCM -RRB- is an uncommon cardiomyopathy .
The content , which closely corresponds to the Protestant Old Testament , does not include the deuterocanonical portions of the Roman Catholic or the ' portions of the Eastern Orthodox Old Testaments . The term does not imply naming , numbering or ordering of books , which varies with Biblical canon .
During most of his career in Tampa Bay , he was the morning meteorologist for WFLA-TV , occasionally substituting on the evening editions .
Stephenie LaGrossa and Bobby Jon Drinkard competed once again in Survivor : Guatemala where they placed 2nd and 9th respectively .
Aphra Behn died on April 16 , 1689 , and was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Patrick Jacques Roy -LRB- ; born October 5 , 1965 , in Sainte-Foy , Quebec , Canada -RRB- is a retired ice hockey goaltender .
In 2003 Betty Ford published Healing and Hope : Six Women from the Betty Ford Center Share Their Powerful Journeys of Addiction and Recovery .
It is currently at version 1.345 and developed by independent Finnish programmer Ville Mönkkönen .
Test pilot With the help of his time as a member of an MTD , Collins accumulated over 1500 hours of flying , the minimum required for the USAF Experimental Flight Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base , California .
His 1872 Erlangen Program , classifying geometries by their underlying symmetry groups , was a hugely influential synthesis of much of the mathematics of the day .
Meowth has made an appearance in almost every episode in the anime because one is the constant companion of Team Rocket agents Jessie and James , the show 's main bungling antagonists .
It is bordered by the Northern Territory to the west , South Australia to the south-west and New South Wales to the south .
Soaps for cleansing are obtained by treating vegetable or animal oils and fats with a strongly alkaline solution .
He was given the power ring and battery -LRB- lantern -RRB- by a dying alien named Abin Sur , whose spaceship crashed on Earth .
Indus Valley toad or marbled toad Bufo stomaticus is a species of toad found in Asia from Iran , Pakistan , Afghanistan to Nepal extending into Peninsular India from the plains to about 1800m .
The Esmeraldas Woodstar , Colibri De Berlepsch , ColibrÃ De Esmeraldas , or Estrellita EsmeraldeÃ ` A -LRB- Chaetocercus berlepschi -RRB- is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
The Millau Viaduct is a cable-stayed road-bridge that spans the valley of the river Tarn near Millau in southern France .
In 1945-46 , he wrote his first play It is written .
The British Rail Class 450 third-rail DC EMU began service during 2003 .
The new company , Famous Players-Lasky Corporation , grew quickly , with Lasky and his partners Goldfish and DeMille running the production side , Hiram Abrams in charge of distribution , and Zukor making great plans .
His book
Barnes & Noble continued to expand throughout the 1980s , and in 1987 purchased the primarily shopping mall-based B. Dalton chain from Dayton Hudson .
According to Microsoft , Windows Server 2003 is more scalable and delivers better performance than its predecessor , Windows 2000 .
The story is set on Werel , the third planet of the Gamma Draconis system .
Close to the release of Windows 2000 Service Pack 1 , Microsoft released Windows 2000 Datacenter Server , targeted at large-scale computing systems with support for 32 processors , on 29 September 2000 .
1874 Kritik des Herzens 1875 Abenteuer eines Junggesellen 1876 Herr und Frau Knopp 1877 Julchen 1878 Die Haarbeutel 1879 Fipps , der Affe 1881 Stippstörchen für Äuglein und Öhrchen 1881 Der Fuchs .
All of the species are found in the Old World , ranging from Asia and its islands , to Europe , and Africa .
A criterium , or crit , is a bike race held on a short course -LRB- usually less than 5 km -RRB- , often run on closed-off city center streets .
The bulk composition and mass of Metis are not known , but assuming that its mean density is like that of Amalthea -LRB- ~ 0.86 g/cm ³ -RRB- , its mass can be estimated as ~ 3.6 × 1016 kg .
This time was anyway a period of expansion for the Chaldean Catholic Church .
West , W. J . The Larger Evils -- Nineteen Eighty-Four , the truth behind the satire .
Sir Walter Merriman established ` Merryville ' one of the country 's most famous sheep studs and arguably its leading fine-wool establishment in 1903 .
However , flood watches were posted for much of Georgia and South Carolina .
He strictly forbade him to meddle with any musical instrument but Handel found means to get a little clavichord privately convey 'd to a room at the top of the house .
It was formerly the center of Nundle Shire Local Government Area , but most of this area , including the village of Nundle , was absorbed into Tamworth Regional Council in 2004 .
Out of the eighteen graduate schools and colleges , most Master 's level students are enrolled in the College of Engineering and the Ross School of Business , while most doctorate students attend the College of Literature , Science , and the Arts , College of Engineering , and the Law School .
Frederick '' Fred '' Cossom Hollows , AC -LRB- 9 April 1929 & ndash ; 10 February 1993 -RRB- was an ophthalmologist who became known for his work in restoring eyesight for countless thousands of people in Australia and many other countries .
The art centre is also home to the Gold Coast City Art Gallery .
The U.S. pilots however , had the greatest respect for their opponents and quickly dubbed them '' honchos '' -LRB- Japanese for '' big shot '' -RRB- .
According to Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami , a Hindu satguru is always a sannyasin , an unmarried renunciate .
The Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award is an annual college football award given to the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision head coach whose team excels on the field , in the classroom , and in the community .
Sutil is the son of professional musicians Monika , a German , and Jorge , a Uruguayan .
Network file systems A network file system is a file system that acts as a client for a remote file access protocol , providing access to files on a server .
Michael Gove -LRB- C -RRB-
â '' To esas la dezerto , e nulu esas sur la dezerti .
The Earth also is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
The scalp is the anatomical area bordered by the face anteriorly and the neck to the sides and posteriorly .
Anthony '' Tony '' Chimel -LRB- born October 11 , 1961 -RRB- is an American professional wrestling ring announcer , currently employed by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- working as the ring announcer for SmackDown brand .
The district of Leuk -LRB- -RRB- is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The following year Barbirolli was given the full conductorship , a post he held until the spring of 1941 .
There he served as a military advisor to the Bolivian army .
His first collection of short stories was printed in 2007 .
A good possibility for a source of '' Niger '' remains the Tuareg phrase gher n gheren '' river of rivers '' , shortened to ngher , a local name used along the middle reaches of the river around Timbuktu .
Heterodontosauridae -LRB- '' different-toothed lizards '' -RRB- is a family of early ornithischian dinosaurs that were likely among the most basal -LRB- primitive -RRB- members of the group .
The Venerable , is the style used for such a servant of god declared to be '' heroic in virtue '' during the investigation and process leading to possible canonization as a saint .
Waxing in itself is a safe thing , but there are times when it is not safe to get waxed .
This was the debut of vocalist Bruce Dickinson in Iron Maiden .
Awards The channel has had critical and popular successes , winning more awards in its six year history than its commercial rivals -LRB- Sky One , Living , E4 , ITV2 , Five and Comedy Central -RRB- have won in their combined 25-year history .
At the Voyager 2 images Cressida appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
In roller coasters :
The island territory of Sint Maarten -LRB- -RRB- is one of five island areas -LRB- Eilandgebieden -RRB- of the Netherlands Antilles , encompassing the southern half of the island of Saint Martin/Sint Maarten .
Some of these adjustments include the creation of the Winter Games for ice and snow sports , the Paralympic Games for athletes with a physical disability , and the Youth Olympic Games for teenage athletes .
George Herbert Walker Bush -LRB- born June 12 , 1924 -RRB- served as the 41st President of the United States -LRB- 1989 â '' 1993 -RRB- .
Layoff -LRB- in British and American English -RRB- , also called redundancy in the UK , is the temporary suspension or permanent termination of employment of an employee or -LRB- more commonly -RRB- a group of employees for business reasons , such as when certain positions are no longer necessary or when a business slow-down occurs . Originally the term layoff referred exclusively to a temporary interruption in work , as when factory work cyclically falls off .
The Battle of the Somme -LRB- -RRB- , also known as the Somme Offensive , took place during the First World War between 1 July and 18 November 1916 in the Somme department of France , on both banks of the river of the same name .
Karl Goldmark , also known originally as Károly Goldmark and later sometimes as Carl Goldmark ; 18 May 1830 2 January 1915 -RRB- was a Hungarian composer .
Jerry Hsu is a professional skateboarder .
In fact , the saga began with three appearances : Xena 's special character in episodes of Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , entitled The Warrior Princess , The Gauntlet and Unchained Heart .
The son of Frederick II , king of Denmark-Norway , and Sofie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , he was born at Frederiksborg castle in 1577 .
They were replaced in the 2001 season by Lorenzo , Michelle , Olga , and Rebekah .
Jacka never fully recovered from the multiple wounds he sustained during his war service , and died at the age of 39 .
The current franchise owner is United States Senator Herb Kohl .
Most significantly , it resulted in the first uniform Christian doctrine , called the Creed of Nicaea .
The plot of Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland follows Tingle 's transformation from a rather ordinary middle-aged man into his green-clothed fairy person .
The Biographical Directory of the United States Congress is a biographical dictionary of all present and former members of the United States Congress as well as its predecessor , the Continental Congress .
A papal conclave is a meeting of the College of Cardinals convened to elect a Bishop of Rome , who becomes the pope , when there is a vacancy in the office .
Odyssey or The Odyssey may also refer to :
Plumeria bracteata
Brown , p. 1 .
All footage from the still incomplete Ivan The Terrible : Part III was confiscated , and most of it was destroyed -LRB- though several filmed scenes still exist today -RRB- .
Chrome plating , often referred to simply as chrome , is a technique of electroplating a thin layer of chromium onto a metal object .
It is a long , finger-shaped body of fresh water in south central Sweden to the southeast of Vänern pointing at the tip of Scandinavia .
The Mitsubishi Galant is an automobile manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors since 1969 .
Condor is the name for two species of New World vultures , each in a monotypic genus .
Publishers Weekly declared Grisham '' the bestselling novelist of the 90s , '' selling a total of 60,742,289 copies .
The Treaty of Berlin was signed on July 28 , 1742 between Austrian archduchess Maria Theresa and Frederick II of Prussia . Based on the terms of the treaty , Maria Theresa ceded most of Silesia to Frederick except for the districts of Troppau , Teschen , and JÃ gerndorf .
Reedy Creek Observatory is the location for observations of Near-Earth objects by John Broughton , an Australian astronomer .
Of the few South Atlantic tropical cyclones that have existed , this was the only one in the eastern portion of the South Atlantic .
West Edmonton Mall -LRB- WEM -RRB- , located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , is the largest shopping mall in North America and the fifth largest in the world .
In Kojiki and Nihonshoki , only his name and genealogy were recorded .
Under the Board are the different administrators composed of the University President , the Vice-President for Academic Affairs , Vice-President for Finance , the University Registrar , Treasurer and Auditor as well as the Manager for Human Resource -LRB- HRD -RRB- .
Herpes simplex -LRB- Herpes simplex virus 1 , 2 -RRB- skin and mucosal , transmissible with or without visible blisters
After moving to Los Angeles , Hewitt appeared in more than twenty television commercials .
The video , directed by Hugh Frost and Samuel Bebbington , also proved an internet hit after it was posted on YouTube .
It was held in the right hand to set the upper strings in vibration ; when not in use , it hung from the instrument by a ribbon .
Thus a cake made with butter or eggs instead of water is far denser after removal from the oven .
He was one of a handful of dukes who served as Prime Minister .
Cold War Kids are an American indie rock band from Long Beach , California .
Josep Maria Carreras i Coll -LRB- ; born 5 December 1946 -RRB- , better known as JosÃ Carreras , is a Catalan tenor particularly known for his performances in the operas of Verdi and Puccini .
The African Bush Elephant or African Savanna Elephant -LRB- Loxodonta africana -RRB- is the larger of the two species of African elephant .
When the district Roda -LRB- later Stadtroda -RRB- was originally created in 1922 it already covered nearly the area of the current district .
Dorpalen , Andreas Hindenburg and the Weimar Republic , Princeton , New Jersey : Princeton University Press , 1964 .
bar :1861 text :1861
There will also be a new train station built that will link to the broader public transport network with options to connect to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations .
The use of the term '' Europe '' has developed gradually throughout history .
These units are part of Alstom 's '' Juniper '' family of units , which also includes Classes 334 and 458 .
HumiÃ res is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Holland is a name in common usage given to a region in the western part of the Netherlands .
Princeton University
Some of our senses operate in a logarithmic fashion -LRB- Weber -- Fechner law -RRB- , which makes logarithmic scales for these input quantities especially appropriate .
Plans had been made for Batista to defend the title in a Triple Threat match with Eddie Guerrero and Randy Orton on the November 18 episode , but the match did not take place due to the unexpected death of Guerrero on November 13 , the date of the taping .
Isabella emerged as the favorite of the ruling Armenian nobles and thus she was proclaimed queen by acclamation and placed under the regency of Adam of Baghras .
Taylor sept , one of several Clan Cameron groups
With the recovery of Babylonian independence , a new era of architectural activity ensued , and his son Nebuchadnezzar II -LRB- 604 â '' 561 BC -RRB- made Babylon into one of the wonders of the ancient world .
The Expendables is a 2010 American ensemble action film written by David Callaham and Sylvester Stallone , and directed by Stallone .
The Black-necked Grebe , Podiceps nigricollis , known in North America as the Eared Grebe , is a member of the grebe family of water birds .
Australia has also hosted the 1938 , 1962 , 1982 , and 2006 Commonwealth Games .
Before settlement , Clay County was home to the Cherokee Indians , who was a tribe of Native Americans that made their home in Southeastern United States -LRB- principally Georgia , the Carolinas and Eastern Tennessee -RRB- They were one of the '' Five Civilized Tribes '' because of their assimilation of European-American cultural and technological practices .
His father , Georg Händel , 63 when his son was born , was an eminent barber-surgeon who also served as surgeon to the court of Saxe-Weissenfels and the Margraviate of Brandenburg .
Bassist Dave LaRue completed the line-up for a seven date tour culminating in the 1992 live album Bring 'em Back Alive .
Each functional unit is not a separate CPU core but an execution resource within a single CPU such as an arithmetic logic unit , a bit shifter , or a multiplier .
Minardi was represented in 2004 by two rookies , Italian Gianmaria '' Gimmi '' Bruni and Hungarian Zsolt Baumgartner .
Giscos is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
As a German-speaking minority lives in Sierre , it counts as one of the three official bilingual towns in Switzerland .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of 4.4 square miles -LRB- 11.5 km ² -RRB- , all of it land .
Exports include sugar , rum , tinned fruit , and cacao .
Irvine is a city in and county seat of Estill County , Kentucky , United States .
Flanders had been meant to be just a neighbor that Homer was jealous of , but Harry Shearer used '' such a sweet voice '' and Flanders was broadened to become a Christian and a sweet guy that someone would prefer to live next to over Homer .
Seyss-Inquart also received an honorary SS rank of Gruppenführer and in May 1939 he was made a Minister without portfolio in Hitler 's government .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1998 . The names not retired from this list were used again in the 2004 season .
manager = Alberto Malesani
As of the 2002 census the municipality had 35,654 inhabitants , 16,270 living in the city itself and 19,384 in its rural districts , making the urban population the 45.63 % of the total population .
The chemistry of zinc is dominated by the +2 oxidation state .
Some definitions of the term include only people of relatively recent Sub Saharan African descent -LRB- see African diaspora -RRB- .
Useful plants are grown for consumption -LRB- vegetables , fruits , herbs , and leaf vegetables -RRB- or for medicinal use .
The Julian calendar began in 45 BC -LRB- 709 AUC -RRB- as a reform of the Roman calendar by Julius Caesar .
This reaction was first studied in 1961 at the University of California by Albert Ghiorso by using a californium target -LRB- 52 % 252Cf -RRB- .
On the other hand we do have tags , which can be used to alert people that you are in the process of making a larger edit -LRB- within 1 â '' 180 minutes -RRB- .
It featured the 1962 World Championship of Drivers and the 1962 International Cup for F1 Manufacturers FIA Yearbook 1974 , Grey Section , pages 118-121 which were contested concurrently over a nine race series that commenced on May 20 and ended on December 29 .
Because of their self-policing nature and low cost structures , some companies offer free classifieds such as Craigslist , Loqqad , Kijiji , and Gumtree internationally .
Among host cities , only Los Angeles , Paris , Athens and London have played host to the Olympic Games more than once - each holding that honor twice .
The sum of the measures of the three exterior angles -LRB- one for each vertex -RRB- of any triangle is 360 degrees .
It is now the fifth most popular theme park in the world , beating out Epcot , Disney MGM and Disney 's Animal Kingdom .
He spent the final three months of the 2009 -- 10 season on loan at a second Championship club , Queens Park Rangers , whom he joined in February 2010 .
He is also credited with coining the terms '' Neolithic Revolution '' and '' Urban Revolution '' and combined with his innovative theories , he is recognized as a major contributor to the field of sociocultural evolution .
Because approximately 20 % of all mammalian herbivores also eat fruit , frugivory is considered to be common among mammals .
His elder brother was Richard Grenville-Temple , later the 2nd Earl Temple .
Clark was forced to stop with an oil leak on the last lap , and Ferrari signalled Bandini to let Surtees through into the second place which gave him the championship by one point from Hill .
The cliffs of the East Islet are about 10 to 20 metres high .
Bakot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , it has an average elevation of 645 metres .
Both men and women are eligible to contest this title .
Lamarque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Meissen -LRB- in German orthography : Meißen ; ; -RRB- is a town of approximately 30,000 about northwest of Dresden on both banks of the Elbe river in the Free State of Saxony , in eastern Germany .
It is intermediate in size between Portia -LRB- the second largest inner moon -RRB- and Miranda -LRB- the smallest of the five large classical moons -RRB- .
Here the children got foster care although mothers were encouraged to visit as often as possible .
Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
'' Baby Boy '' is a R&B -- reggae song by American singer Beyoncé Knowles and features Jamaican reggae rapper Sean Paul .
Leah could sign full sentences long before her â hearingâ peers could even speak , and as a result , her parents say she never threw a tantrum .
The cast features 15 major roles with star billing : 11 return from the fifth season , one returns from the fourth season after a year 's absence , and three are new regular cast members .
August 1 & ndash ; Caroline Herschel discovers a comet -LRB- the first discovered by a woman -RRB- .
Beveridge is a town in Victoria , Australia , located along the Hume Highway , 42 kilometres north of Melbourne in the Shire of Mitchell .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Mardan -- Government of Pakistan It is located at 34 ° 17 ' 0N 72 ° 9 ' 0E and has an altitude of 307 metres -LRB- 1010 feet -RRB- .
Quiestède is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Gutenberg died in 1468 and was buried in the Franciscan church at Mainz , his contributions largely unknown .
The Reichstein process , developed in the 1930s , uses a single pre-fermentation followed by a purely chemical route .
A windmill is an engine powered by the wind to produce energy , often contained in a large building as in traditional post mills , smock mills and tower mills .
Wanting a change from ploughing fields , he moved to Memphis in 1926 where he worked in a number of jobs and played music for tips .
Blackwell Science Ltd Carroll , R.L. -LRB- 1988 -RRB- .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 29 .
Born in Nyon , Vaud , in the French-speaking part of Switzerland , to a French father and a Swiss mother , Cortot studied at the Paris Conservatoire with Ã mile Descombes -LRB- an associate and possibly a student of FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin -RRB- , and with Louis DiÃ mer , taking a premier prix in 1896 .
With the release of latest album Rocket Science apop still going on the rock vibe while keeping close with synthpop sound like its predecessor YAMATW .
The quintessential quote is that of Kalhana in the Rajatarangini , who is regarded as a modern in Indian parlance
This ends the threat to the Romans from German tribes until the reign of Marcus Aurelius .
Younha made her debut as an artist at the young age of sixteen .
Today , French Canadians constitute the main French-speaking population of Canada .
Upload protection protects the file from , does not protect the file page from editing .
Albion is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
Gregorian chant is the central tradition of Western plainchant , a form of monophonic liturgical music within Western Christianity that accompanied the celebration of Mass and other ritual services .
Whereas Gnosticism has been considered by scholars to originate as a branch of Christianity , alternate theories have proposed traces of Gnostic systems existed some centuries before the Christian Era , thus predating the birth of Jesus .
Frost 's father was a teacher and later an editor of the San Francisco Evening Bulletin -LRB- which later merged with the San Francisco Examiner -RRB- , and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector .
It can refer to two different chemical compounds , sodium metaperiodate -LRB- often abbreviated as m-periodate -RRB- , which has the formula NaIO4 , and sodium orthoperiodate -LRB- often abbreviated as o-periodate -RRB- , which has the formula Na5IO6 .
This was the normal greeting in the language in which Saint Luke 's Gospel is written and continues to be used in the same sense in Modern Greek .
Its county seat is Murphy .
Sultan Malik al-Muattam razes the city walls of Jerusalem .
The song received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year in 1997 .
After the match , Mysterio celebrated with Chavo and Vickie Guerrero .
In 1939 , she represented England in 7th WWCh in Buenos Aires -LRB- +17 -- 0 = 2 -RRB- .
Joyeuse lies in the historic region of Bas-Vivarais , in the valley of the Beaume , a tributary of the ArdÃ che River .
Another reform in 1900 created 28 metropolitan boroughs as sub-divisions of the County of London .
Ideally , the database software should enforce the ACID rules , summarized here : Atomicity : Either all the tasks in a transaction must be done , or none of them .
Cold fronts may feature narrow bands of thunderstorms and severe weather , and may on occasion be preceded by squall lines or dry lines .
The Big 12 Championship Game was held by the Big 12 Conference each year .
Homo erectus -LRB- from the Latin r g re , '' to put up , set upright '' -RRB- is an extinct species of hominid that originated in Africa -- and spread as far as China and Java -- from the end of the Pliocene epoch to the later Pleistocene , about 1.8 to 1.3 million years ago .
Two -LRB- of the three -RRB- alternate captains handled on-ice duties in Luongo 's place .
Zara Yaqob becomes Emperor of Ethiopia .
In the Western world , he has been referred to as The Indian Machiavelli , although Chanakya 's works predate Machiavelli 's by about 1,800 years .
Compositions Erzherzog Carl Ludwig March , Op .
William Morris -LRB- 24 March 1834 -- 3 October 1896 -RRB- was an English architect , furniture and textile designer , artist , writer , socialist and Marxist associated with the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and the English Arts and Crafts Movement .
They likely had a leading hand when , in August 1995 , two of Saddam Hussein 's sons-in-law -LRB- Hussein Kamel and Saddam Kamel -RRB- , who held high positions in the Iraqi military , defected to Jordan .
The pattern of reducing the contestants down was briefly interrupted on two occasions : once when Izzy -LRB- Katie Crown -RRB- was reinstated following a voting irregularity where her alter-ego , '' E-Scope '' , was voted off , and another time when Courtney -LRB- Emilie-Claire Barlow -RRB- , a contestant who did not originally qualify for Total Drama Action , successfully sued the show .
Hard hats for construction workers are worn mainly to protect the wearer from falling objects such as tools .
The path is well marked and guide books are available .
Until the early 1990s , histones were dismissed by most as inert packing material for eukaryotic nuclear DNA , based in part on the '' ball and stick '' models of Mark Ptashne and others who believed transcription was activated by protein-DNA and protein-protein interactions on largely naked DNA templates , as is the case in bacteria .
Among the largest of these is the division between classical music -LRB- or '' art '' music -RRB- , and popular music -LRB- or commercial music â '' including rock music , country music , and pop music -RRB- .
-LRB- naming the asteroid and how Earth 's gravity may change its trajectory in 2029 -RRB-
The genus is named from the Latin word for '' monstrous '' or '' abnormal '' , the members of the genus are distinguished by their unusual leaves with natural holes .
Bussey is a city in Marion County , Iowa , United States .
; Meaning of '' MSX '' abbreviation The exact meaning of the '' MSX '' abbreviation remains a matter of debate .
The safari heyday of the early 20th century ` Nitro era ' records much literature on such calibres as the .577 Nitro Express , .375 H&H Magnum , .416 Rigby , .404 Jeffery , .505 Gibbs , .450 Nitro Express , .470 Nitro Express and many others .
The International Court of Justice -LRB- ; commonly referred to as the World Court or ICJ -RRB- is the primary judicial organ of the United Nations .
By value , gold is by far the most important mineral mined . In 2004 , 6800000 o of gold worth $ 2.84 billion were mined in Nevada , and the state accounted for 8.7 % of world gold production -LRB- see Gold mining in Nevada -RRB- .
Caid -LRB- -RRB- is the name given to various ancient and traditional Irish football games .
.
A buffer is a temporary memory location , that is traditionally used because CPU instructions can not directly address data stored in peripheral devices .
It is located at the edge of the Flemish Ardennes , the hilly southern part of the province of East Flanders -LRB- Flemish Region -RRB- .
2004 & ndash ; The President of South Korea , Roh Moo-hyun , is impeached by its national assembly : the first such impeachment in the nation 's history .
Luis , the fifteenth tropical cyclone , had formed from a tropical wave on August 27 .
In 1907 he moved out of the rural environment and started working as a machinist 's apprentice in Sisak .
ISBN 0-914171-78-X and produce '' seeds '' that are technically called achenes .
Born Hazel Reid in Newport News , Virginia , to Dr. Russell E. and Dr. Hazel Palleman Reid .
The prolific Asimov also wrote mysteries and fantasy , as well as much non-fiction .
It is the capital of Lublin Voivodeship with a population of 350,392 -LRB- June 2009 -RRB- .
Niobe 's iconic tears were also mentioned in Hamlet 's soliloquy -LRB- Act 1 , Scene 2 -RRB- , in which he contrasts his mother 's grief over the dead King , Hamlet 's father - '' like Niobe , all tears '' - to her unseemly hasty marriage to Claudius .
Víctor Lidio Jara Martínez -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- September 28 , 1932 -- September 15 , 1973 -RRB- was a Chilean teacher , theater director , poet , singer-songwriter , political activist and member of the Communist Party of Chile .
She was the founder of one of the most famous fashion brands , Chanel .
Setques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
First and third place finishers traditionally receive a gold medal and bronze medal , respectively .
Lothar Herbert Matthäus , -LRB- born 21 March 1961 in Erlangen , West Germany -RRB- is a German former football player and now manager , last managing Israeli club Maccabi Netanya .
He tells her that the land is called Narnia and is ruled by the ruthless White Witch , who ensures that it is always Winter but never Christmas .
Ishpeming 's elevation is 1436 f above mean sea level , which is over 800 f higher than that of nearby Lake Superior .
According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Edward was sworn in as king alongside Harthacnut .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 475.1 square miles -LRB- 1,230.5 km ² -RRB- ; 474.9 square miles -LRB- 1,229.9 km ² -RRB- of it is land and 0.2 square miles -LRB- 0.6 km ² , or 0.05 % -RRB- of it is water .
Coats of arms Coats of arms shows a golden anchor on blue reason .
Curitiba -LRB- Tupi-Guarani : '' Pine Nut Land '' , or -RRB- is the capital and largest-city of the Brazilian state of Paraná .
For instance , in the United Kingdom a third party is a national political party other than the Conservatives and Labour which has a member -LRB- s -RRB- in the House of Commons .
Tannières is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Adam Noah Levine -LRB- born March 18 , 1979 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and musician , best known as the frontman and guitarist for the rock band Maroon 5 .
A quarry now operates at the side of the hill and supplies most of Melbourne 's scoria .
The Kingdom of Tungning -LRB- -RRB- is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng -LRB- Cheng -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- or the Kingdom of Yanping -LRB- -RRB- .
It is the largest church in the state of Indiana , and in 2007 was the 20th largest in the United States .
It was launched in 1983 , and research and development ran until June 30 , 1991 , eight years after it began .
Fern sadly says good-bye as the young pig is sold down the street to her uncle , Homer Zuckerman .
In 1931 , Warwickshire gained the town of Shipston-on-Stour from Worcestershire and several villages , including Long Marston and Welford-on-Avon , from Gloucestershire .
It opened in September 1994 and is the leading indoor Olympic-standard track in the United Kingdom .
On that night , Cena was in charge and pitted Orton against Triple H/ORGANIZATION. During the match , Cena charged into the ring and lifted Triple H overhead for an FU .
Retrieved on August 29 , 2008 The episode was written by Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky , and directed by Brad Bird .
Cassiel - Ariel 's mate and Shade 's father .
The show features sketch comedy along with many musical numbers , featuring choreography by Paula Abdul .
29 Amphitrite -LRB- , or as in -RRB- is one of the largest S-type asteroids , probably third in diameter after Eunomia and Juno , although Iris and Herculina are similar in size .
Oviedo -LRB- Asturian : Uviéu ; -RRB- is the capital city of the Principality of Asturias in northern Spain .
Mecca , Saudi Arabia
Various scales , arpeggios and , for Grades 1-4 only , broken chords , are examined , according to the grade of difficulty .
The wood used to make the fretboard will usually differ from the wood in the rest of the neck .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
This prohibition was repeated by Muhammad during the farewell sermon which was delivered on 9 Dhu al-Hijja 10 AH on Mount Arafat during the farewell pilgrimage to Mecca .
To this was joined in 1867 an Italianate style hotel and forecourt designed by E.M. Barry which provided much of the station 's passenger facilities as well as an impressive architectural frontispiece to the street .
Scripts are personalized scripts -LRB- typically , but not exclusively , written in JavaScript -RRB- that may automate processes , or may merely improve and enhance the existing MediaWiki interface .
1859 & ndash ; First ascent of Grand Combin , one of the highest summits in the Alps .
The cathedral opened in 1903 , a little after Bentley 's death .
A conceptual domain can be any coherent organization of human experience .
Born Erich Julius Eberhard von Zelewski , he legally added '' von dem Bach '' to the family name late in the 1930s .
Two years after its creation , it was reorganized in 1816 by order of the Congress of Vienna .
Pineapple -LRB- Ananas comosus -RRB- is the common name for a tropical plant and its edible fruit which are coalesced berries .
United Kingdom = Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
Survivor -LRB- TV series -RRB- , a reality television show with several international versions
The pores are perforations in the endoskeleton through which podia for gas exchange project from the body .
They are primarily freshwater inhabitants and have organs adapted to the generation of electric fields .
David Boren , a former U.S. Senator and Oklahoma Governor , has served as President of the University of Oklahoma since 1994 .
Therefore , Darwin 's theory of natural selection acting on random mutations applies to bacteria as well as to more complex organisms .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
They also encounter a French woman named Danielle Rousseau who was shipwrecked on the island just over 16 years earlier , and they find a mysterious metal hatch buried in the ground .
It was the sixth and final single from Adams ' album Reckless and was included on Tina Turner 's live album Tina Live in Europe , as well as being added to both artists ' greatest hits compilations : Adams ' Anthology and Turner 's All the Best .
Joseba Andoni Etxeberria Lizardi -LRB- born 5 September 1977 in Elgoibar , Gipuzkoa -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for Athletic de Bilbao in Spain 's first division , mostly as a winger .
In physics , power -LRB- symbol : P -RRB- is the rate at which work is performed or energy is transmitted , or the amount of energy required or expended for a given unit of time .
Gadsden County is a county located in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida .
Three Stanley Cup winners have come from the Pacific Division : the Colorado Avalanche in 1996 , the Stars in 1999 , and the Anaheim Ducks in 2007 .
Hochwald is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Stoneman also sent two regiments of cavalry to destroy the lead mines and smelting facilities that were located about 10 m from Wytheville .
Chaudfontaine is also a brand of mineral water Chaudfontaine is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège .
Ligand-gated ion channel receptors are a class of receptor that may occur both at the cell-surface or intracellularly .
Previously she had served as Second Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
The rivalry at times became extremely personal , especially between Joseph Hooker and Owenâ At the root was Owenâ s feeling that Kew should be subordinate to the British Museum -LRB- and to Owen -RRB- and should not be allowed to develop as an independent scientific institution with the advantage of a great botanic garden . ''
Like all land animals , the therapsids were seriously affected by the Permian -- Triassic extinction event , with the very successful gorgonopsians dying out altogether and the remaining groups , dicynodonts , therocephalians and cynodonts of a few species , each surviving into the Triassic .
It is the main component of connective tissue , and is the most abundant protein in mammals , making up about 25 % to 35 % of the whole-body protein content .
Sarah helped James with his speeches in private , copied his correspondence , and gave him advice .
The New Rolling Stone Album Guide .
Though the single was a success , it failed to achieve a Silver or better sales certification in the UK - unlike the previous 11 British Oasis singles .
Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions , and codeine hydroiodide and codeine citrate round out the top five most-used codeine salts worldwide . Codeine is usually present in raw opium as free alkaloid in addition to codeine meconate , codeine pectinate , and possibly other naturally occurring codeine salts .
Some Like It Hot is a 1959 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Marilyn Monroe , Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon .
Many Beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics .
IF U LIKE IT UP THE BUM THEN GIVE TANMAY A CALL NOW ON 0445569526962
Goro may refer to :
In one of the recorded creation myths , Huitzilopochtli is one of the four sons of Ometeotl , he made the first fire from which a half sun was created by Quetzalcoatl .
Hafnium 's large neutron capture cross-section makes hafnium a good material for neutron absorption in control rods in nuclear power plants , but at the same time requires that it be removed from the neutron-transparent corrosion-resistant zirconium alloys used in nuclear reactors .
Modern Talking , who by sales are the most successful and popular group in Germany , have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
The Threepenny Opera contains Weill 's most famous song , '' Mack the Knife '' -LRB- '' Die Moritat von Mackie Messer '' -RRB- .
In the Canadian provinces of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador , October is celebrated as Míkmaq History Month and the entire Nation celebrates Treaty Day annually on October 1 .
QI has the highest viewing figures for any show on BBC Four and Dave.QI.com Audience figures .
The award became national in 1947 ; Jackie Robinson , the Brooklyn Dodgers ' first baseman , won the inaugural award .
Guitar Hero installments based on specific bands , such as Metallica and Aerosmith , were subsequently published .
After Lollapalooza , the band embarked on a worldwide tour , and already-existing tensions increased during that tour .
Ancient Greece is the civilization belonging to the period of Greek history lasting from the Archaic period of the 8th to 6th centuries BC to 146 BC and the Roman conquest of Greece after the Battle of Corinth .
Radcliffe has also made appearances in stage productions and a number of TV shows and films , including the ITV film My Boy Jack and the stage show Equus , for which he was nominated for a Drama Desk Award .
March 17 -- Emperor Go-Saga of Japan -LRB- b. 1220 -RRB-
The banana plant has long been a source of fiber for high quality textiles .
Nurieux-Volognat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 bioregions , of which 30 are reef bioregions , and 40 are non-reef bioregions .
Ronaldo Rodrigues de Jesus -LRB- born June 19 , 1965 in São Paulo , Brazil -RRB- is a former Brazilian national team defensive football player , better known on the football pitch as Ronaldo and Ronaldão -LRB- big Ronaldo -RRB- .
Each tale is followed by her refrain of '' And Grandpa never lies , so I know it 's so '' .
La Tène is a village located at the eastern end of the Lake Neuchâtel -LRB- Lac de Neuchâtel -RRB- , a lake in Switzerland .
All Around Transportation operates a Paris/Brantford shuttle bus .
The station is on the Victoria Line and the London Overground Gospel Oak to Barking Line , in Travelcard Zone 3 and is the least used station on the Victoria Line with 6.179 million passengers per year .
1915 & ndash ; Ivan M. Niven , Canadian mathematician -LRB- d. 1999 -RRB-
Patricia Lee '' Patti '' Smith -LRB- born December 30 , 1946 -RRB- is an American singer -- songwriter , poet and visual artist who was a highly influential component of the New York City punk rock movement with her 1975 debut album Horses .
The obscurity in which the history of Aesop is involved has induced some scholars to deny his existence altogether .
The main government can control their defense and foreign affiairs , but not most of their everyday laws .
Late in their feud in early 2000 , Tori betrayed Kane and joined X-Pac and D-Generation X , and the former partner 's feud eventually ended at WrestleMania 2000 , in which Kane teamed with Rikishi to face X-Pac and Road Dogg . Kane and Rikishi came out victorious after Kane pinned X-Pac following a tombstone piledriver .
Brazilian
Gustav Mahler held the post from 1898 to 1901 , and under his baton the orchestra played abroad for the first time at the 1900 Paris World Exposition .
The catchment area for the Greater Vancouver watershed is close to the Garibaldi area .
Brandreth , p. 374 ; Shawcross , p. 76 She made a state visit to the United States that year , where she addressed the United Nations General Assembly .
The first of four test flights occurred in 1981 , which were followed by operational flights beginning in 1982 .
A secretary from Chiswick , London , she is a companion of the Tenth Doctor , appearing in one scene at the end of the final episode of the 2006 series , '' Doomsday '' -LRB- named in the credits only as '' The Bride '' -RRB- , and in the second Christmas special , '' The Runaway Bride '' .
The following is a list of voids with convenient names ; for more voids , see List of voids .
The common name '' metalmarks '' refers to the small metallic-looking spots commonly found on their wings .
Dark Angel is an American biopunk\/cyberpunk science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H. Eglee .
The most notable storm was Hurricane Allen , a powerful Category 5 hurricane that traveled across the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico , causing widespread damage and hundreds of deaths .
Kohat is a district of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , Kohat city is the capital of the district .
There are several smaller islands and cays that are part of the Dominican territory .
In 1999 the North Maluku -LRB- Maluku Utara -RRB- and Halmahera Tengah -LRB- Central Halmahera -RRB- regencies were split off as a separate province , so the islands are now divided between two provinces , Maluku and North Maluku .
Karts are rented by sessions -LRB- 10 to 15 minutes usually -RRB- , they use sturdy chassis completed with dedicated bodywork providing driver safety .
Manchester City F.C. signed an agreement with Manchester City Council in March 2010 to allow a Â # 1 billion redevelopment led by architect Rafael ViÃ oly of land around the stadium and possible stadium expansion to over 60,000 .
Delaplaine is a town in Greene County , Arkansas , United States .
In the 1950s , he worked with Kenneth Arrow on non-linear programming ; in 1972 Arrow became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Economics prize .
Although not the first vetoed -LRB- China vetoed the third term of Kurt Waldheim in 1981 -RRB- , Boutros-Ghali was the only UN secretary-general not to be elected to a second term in office .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
In some plants , the bark is substantially thicker , providing further protection and giving the bark a characteristically distinctive structure with deep ridges .
The term Poblacht na hÉireann is the one used in the Proclamation of 1916 , but the Declaration of Independence and other documents adopted in 1919 used Saorstát Éireann .
Ali Abdullah Harib Al-Habsi , born December 30 , 1981 in Muscat -RRB- is an Omani footballer of Somali descent . .
Fire Salamanders are active in the evening and the night , but on rainy days they are active in daytime as well .
Failure to choose session keys -LRB- or any key -RRB- properly is a major -LRB- and too common in actual practice -RRB- design flaw in any crypto system .
Paul Kalas and collaborators confirmed the sighting .
The Office of Fair Trading : OFT names further trustees as part of the independent schools settlement The headmaster is currently Dr Ralph Townsend , formerly of Sydney Grammar School and Oundle School .
Satoshi Hashida -LRB- born 20 December 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player who plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
She was hanged over the fire with a rope and she fell into the fire when the rope burned through .
The San Joaquin River meets the Sacramento River near the city of Antioch . Together they form the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta , one of the largest estuaries in the United States , before draining into Suisun Bay .
Guided by Voices initially disbanded in 2004 , though many of its former members remain musically involved in solo careers or other projects .
The canton of Valais lies in the southwest of Switzerland .
Hazard symbols are recognizable symbols designed to warn about hazardous materials or locations . The use of hazard symbols is often regulated by law and directed by standards organizations .
Tajwal is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Regarding its mix of folk , balladry and prog rock , NME editors Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray have said , '' Some of it belonged in '67 and some of it in ' 72 , but in 1969 it all seemed vastly incongruous .
The original Wembley Stadium , known as the Empire Stadium or Old Wembley , was a football stadium in Wembley , a suburb of north-west London , standing on the site now occupied by the new Wembley Stadium that opened in 2007 .
Cayce was a psychic from Kentucky who claimed healing abilities and made prophesies .
As Lower Egypt had been conquered by Upper Egypt , Sekhmet -LRB- lioness -RRB- was seen as the more powerful of the two warrior goddesses , the other , Bast -LRB- cat -RRB- , being the similar warrior goddess of Lower Egypt .
It is the county seat of Highlands County , and is the principal city of the Sebring Micropolitan area .
Jon Stevens Corzine -LRB- born January 1 , 1947 -RRB- is a financial executive and a former American politician , who served as the 54th Governor of New Jersey from 2006 to 2010 .
Lulu Kennedy-Cairns , OBE -LRB- born Marie McDonald McLaughlin Lawrie , 3 November 1948 , Lennoxtown , Stirlingshire -RRB- , best known by her stage name Lulu , is a Scottish singer , actress , and television personality who has been successful in the entertainment business from the 1960s through to the present day .
-LRB- An example of the latter one is ` One for all , and all for one ' -LRB- '' Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ
Because it is a known carcinogen , its use as an additive in gasoline is now limited , but it is an important industrial solvent and precursor in the production of drugs , plastics , synthetic rubber , and dyes .
Worldwide , Sublime has sold over 17 million albums , Big Records including about 10 million in the U.S. alone .
According to Rowling , Harry is strongly guided by his own conscience , and has a keen feeling of what is right and what is wrong .
The Dunkirk evacuation , code-named Operation Dynamo by the British , was the evacuation of Allied soldiers from the beaches and harbor of Dunkirk , France , between 26 May and the early hours of 3 June 1940 , when British , French and Belgian troops were cut off by the German army during the Battle of Dunkirk in the Second World War .
A large number of mammals -LRB- including some humans -RRB- and predatory birds have a brown coloration .
In 1930 , the city of Santo Domingo -LRB- excluding the Colonial Zone -RRB- was extensively damaged by tropical hurricane San Zenón .
Diego María de la Concepción Juan Nepomuceno Estanislao de la Rivera y Barrientos Acosta y Rodríguez -LRB- December 8 , 1886 -- November 24 , 1957 -RRB- was a prominent Mexican painter born in Guanajuato , Gto , an active communist , and husband of Frida Kahlo -LRB- 1929 -- 1939 and 1940 -- 1954 -RRB- .
On 7 December 2009 , Silverstone was awarded the rights to host the British Grand Prix for the next 17 years .
The name Larkhall or Laverock ` Ha first appears in journals around 1620 .
Nancy Nabil Ajram -LRB- Arabic : Ù Ø Ù Ø Ù Ù Ø Ù Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù
Viola odorata is a species of the genus Viola native to Europe and Asia , but has also been introduced to North America and Australasia .
In addition , UPN had been able to hold on to the ratings from Thursday nights , most notably with comedian Chris Rock 's sitcom Everybody Hates Chris .
It is quite large , containing about 200 & ndash ; 220 species that are native to warm-temperate , subtropical and tropical regions throughout the world .
The district capital , Sanghar , is itself a small city roughly east-south-east of the city of Nawabshah and the same distance north of Mirpur Khas .
Antônio Lima dos Santos -LRB- born 18 January 1942 -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer .
The city was burned down by the Tatars in 1513 , by the Ottomans in 1538 , by the Imperial Russian troops in 1686 .
Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening -LRB- The Simpsons -RRB- and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
The Hindu Kush mountains , running northeast to southwest across the country , divide it into three major regions : 1 -RRB- the Central Highlands , which form part of the Himalayan Mountains and account for roughly two thirds of the country 's area ; 2 -RRB- the Southwestern Plateau , which accounts for one-fourth of the land ; and 3 -RRB- the smaller Northern Plains area , which contains the country 's most fertile soil .
Nikki Joy Bryant
Hugo Sánchez Márquez -LRB- born July 11 , 1958 -RRB- , popularly nicknamed Pentapichichi , or Hugol , is a Mexican football coach and former striker .
They sold the Opel Kadett , Opel Corsa , Opel Ascona and Opel Senator .
In humans , common symptoms may include slurred speech , impaired balance , poor coordination , flushed face , reddened eyes , reduced inhibition , and erratic behavior .
The common name comes from a Portuguese war ship type of the 15th and 16th century , the man-of-war -LRB- named caravela-portuguesa in Portuguese , caravel -RRB- , which had triangular sails similar in outline to the bladder of the Portuguese Man O ' War .
At the time , the land was unorganized territory that consisted of all the federal land '' west of the Mississippi and not within the states of Missouri and Louisiana , or the territory of Arkansas ... '' By 1856 , the territory had been reduced to the modern day borders of the State of Oklahoma .
The island has an area 3056 kmÂ -LRB- 1180 square miles -RRB- and is 100 km south of the island of Cuba , across the Gulf of BatabanÃ .
Her next film role was in Shawn Levy 's 2010 comedy Date Night , a feature that focuses on a married couple , played by Fey and Steve Carell , who go on a date ; however , the night goes awry for the two .
Serious accidents The worst nuclear accident in history is the Chernobyl disaster .
The major differences between this distribution and basic Debian are a custom kernel with realtime patches applied , some pre-configuration and a custom package selection designed to meet the needs of creative desktop users .
Over the last century , the concept of valence evolved into a range of approaches for describing the chemical bond , including Lewis structures -LRB-/O1916/O-RRB- , valence bond theory -LRB-/O1927/O-RRB- , molecular orbitals -LRB-/O1928/O-RRB- , valence shell electron pair repulsion theory -LRB-/O1958/O-RRB- and all the advanced methods of quantum chemistry .
Album pages are almost always one-sided ; two-sided pages save space , but require interleaving sheets to prevent stamps from catching on each other .
Eventually an international consensus emerged that both Le Verrier and Adams jointly deserved credit .
It is a widespread , and well known group of over 375 species , many of which are closely related apomictic microspecies native throughout the temperate northern hemisphere and South America .
Acoustics is the interdisciplinary science that deals with the study of all mechanical waves in gases , liquids , and solids including vibration , sound , ultrasound and infrasound . A scientist who works in the field of acoustics is an acoustician while someone working in the field of acoustics technology may be called an acoustical or audio engineer .
Collaborators include Fabolous , Rap.about.com T-Pain , Brisco , Bobby Valentino , Betty Wright , Static Major , Robin Thicke , Kidd Kidd , Jay-Z , ThePremier -LRB- February 25 , 2008 -RRB- .
March 24 & ndash ; Alyson Hannigan , American actress
Politics in South India is dominated by smaller regional political parties rather than by national political parties .
Hunt , Herschiel .
This peg was maintained until 1966 , when the rupee was devalued and pegged to the U.S. dollar at a rate of 45 rupees = 1 dollar -LRB- at the time , the rupee became equal to 11.4 British pence -RRB- .
9-1-1 -LRB- usually expressed as '' nine-one-one '' -RRB- is the emergency telephone number for the North American Numbering Plan -LRB- NANP -RRB- .
According to its website , Bircham International University website Bircham was established in Europe in 1992 and is registered in Delaware -LRB- United States -RRB- , Spain , and the Bahamas .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
Saints Simon and Jude are venerated together in the Roman Catholic Church on October 28 .
The funeral drew between 30,000 and 40,000 people out on the streets of his home town to honor him .
RHTV airs the live video feed of DZRH programs , except Ang Dating Daan , selected radio dramas , during sign-off , and Voice of Prophecy -LRB- Tinig ng Pag-Asa -RRB- .
Jerusalem is the country 's capital , seat of government , and largest city , while Israel 's main financial center is Tel Aviv .
Opening , 1893 The Queen 's Hall first opened its doors on 25 November 1893 when Newman gave a children 's party in the afternoon .
It is also a source of zinc ions for chemistry .
Discharge pressures can range from low pressure to very high pressure -LRB- -RRB- 18000 psi or 180 MPa -RRB- .
It is the capital of a kraj -LRB- Trnava Region -RRB- and of an okres -LRB- Trnava District -RRB- .
Frugalware A general purpose Linux distribution designed for intermediate users .
Wear -LRB- journal -RRB- , a scientific journal
If a white dwarf has a close companion star that overflows its Roche lobe , the white dwarf will steadily accrete gases from the star 's outer atmosphere .
The phosphite ion -LRB- HPO33 -RRB- is a polyatomic ion with a phosphorus central atom where phosphorus has an oxidation state of +3 .
As a staff officer for Major General George B. McClellan , Custer was promoted to the rank of Captain during the Army of the Potomac 's 1862 Peninsula Campaign .
He is the older brother of Jordan Staal , who is playing for the Pittsburgh Penguins , Marc Staal , who is playing for the New York Rangers , and Jared Staal , who was signed by Eric 's team , the Hurricanes but is currently playing for the Ontario Hockey League 's Sudbury Wolves .
The Norton Safe Web toolbar also includes an Ask.com search box .
Anastasia stuck her tongue out at Yakov Yurovsky , the head of the detachment , when he momentarily turned his back and left the room .
The description refers to the villans , the ploughs , of meadow , and woodland pasture , which is given as two leagues by a league .
Nintendo DS version Gyakuten Saiban 2 was remade for the Nintendo DS as Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney Justice for All using the same engine as Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney .
Troarn is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Miller scored his first goal in his first appearance of the 2007-08 season in a 4 1 victory over Falkirk and added to his collection the following week by scoring a brace against Aberdeen .
Duvalier held Haiti in his grip until his death in early 1971 . His 19-year-old son Jean-Claude Duvalier , nicknamed '' Baby Doc '' , succeeded as president .
Astronomical twilight This is defined as the time beginning when the center of the Sun is exactly 12 ° below the horizon -LRB- the end of nautical twilight -RRB- and ending when the sun 's center reaches exactly 18 ° below the horizon .
Ashbourne is a small market town in the Derbyshire Dales , England .
Gilbert 's Potoroo is Australia 's most endangered animal .
In , the Pirates opened a new stadium , PNC Park .
Miguel Ángel Alonso Oyarbide , known as Periko -LRB- born 1 February 1953 in Tolosa , Guipúzcoa -RRB- , is a former Spanish footballer and coach .
The first Formula One race was held in 14 August 1958 in Boavista , followed in 1959 by a Grand Prix at Monsanto , return to Boavista in 1960 , after which it was ended .
He is a budding singer and pianist , although he enjoys playing the piano more than he enjoys practicing .
Navy blue is a very dark shade of the color blue .
The ErdÅ ` s number was most likely first defined by Casper Goffman , an analyst whose own ErdÅ ` s number is 1 .
Linda Barwick , an ethnomusicologist , says that though traditionally women have not played the didgeridoo in ceremony , in informal situations there is no prohibition in the Dreaming Law .
The Marshall Islands , officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands -LRB- RMI -RRB- , is a Micronesian nation of atolls and islands in the middle of the Pacific Ocean , just west of the International Date Line and just north of the Equator .
When his family returned to Japan in 1944 , he began studying piano with Noboru Toyomasu , heavily studying the works of Johann Sebastian Bach .
Holy Roman Empire Personal union with Spain from 1519 to 1556 under Charles V. Personal union with Hungary from 1526 to 1806 Hungary Personal union with Poland and Bohemia 1301 - 1305 Personal union with Poland from 1370 to 1382 under the reign of Louis the Great .
Its Governorship was held simultaneously by Governor of Sierra Leone .
Johann Christian Bach Life -LRB- Karadar Music -RRB- accessed 21 Dec 2007 He met soprano Cecilia Grassi in 1766 and married her shortly thereafter .
On 16 July 2007 , the district parliament decided to change the name again to Burgenlandkreis coming into effect on the 1 August 2007 .
Beautiful -LRB- 2000 film -RRB- , an American film starring Minnie Driver and Kathleen Turner
Warminster is a town in western Wiltshire , England , by-passed by the A36 , and near Frome and Westbury .
Location Bulbourethral glands are located posterior and lateral to the membranous portion of the urethra at the base of the penis , between the two layers of the fascia of the urogenital diaphragm , in the deep perineal pouch .
The accompanying Neil 's Heavy Concept Album , a loose collection of songs and spoken comedy , included appearances by The Young Ones alumni Dawn French and Stephen Fry .
October 8 & ndash ; Battle of Ronaldsway : Scottish forces defeat the Manx of the Isle of Man in a decisive battle , firmly establishing Scottish rule of the island .
We Used to Vacation -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB-
The savings in terms of processing time can be significant , since retrieving a value from memory is often faster than undergoing an ` expensive ' computation or input\/output operation .
Emmett is part of the Boise City -- Nampa , Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September , 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership and Heineken Cup .
Brighton Seminole Indian Reservation , Florida
Triple Threat match for the WWE Tag Team Championship 08:46 5 Shawn Michaels defeated Chris Jericho .
An anchor is a heavy object , often made out of metal , that is used to attach a ship to the bottom of a body of water at a specific point to act as a weight to keep the ship from moving .
A haboob -LRB- Arabic -RRB- is a type of intense sandstorm commonly observed in arid regions throughout the world .
If a commune member was attacked outside the city , it was too late to call for help , as it was unlikely anyone would arrive in time .
Dhaka -LRB- haka -RRB-
Since public-key algorithms tend to be much slower than symmetric-key algorithms , modern systems such as TLS and SSH use a combination of the two : one party receives the other 's public key , and encrypts a small piece of data -LRB- either a symmetric key or some data used to generate it -RRB- .
An air conditioner is a home appliance , system , or mechanism designed to dehumidify and extract heat from an area , or provide heat to an area .
Prescott Observatory -LRB- IAU code 684 -RRB- is operated by Paul G. Comba .
Today , Oahu has become a tourism and shopping haven as over five million visitors -LRB- mainly from the American mainland and Japan -RRB- flock there every year to enjoy the quintessential island holiday experience that the Hawaiian Islands and their multicultural people now personify .
Tamil is a Dravidian language spoken predominantly by Tamil people of the Indian subcontinent .
The Ultimate Fighter is a reality television series and mixed martial arts -LRB- MMA -RRB- competition , originating from the United States and produced by Spike TV and the Ultimate Fighting Championship -LRB- UFC -RRB- .
First enacted to honor Union soldiers of the American Civil War -LRB- it is celebrated near the day of reunification after the Civil War -RRB- , it was expanded after World War I to include American casualties of any war or military action .
The station model is primarily used on surface-weather maps , but can also be used to show the weather aloft .
Cypress Gardens and Splash Island began separate ticketing , with dual-park season passes also available ; parking was free .
'' Self Esteem '' is a song by punk rock group The Offspring .
It is owned by FirstGroup and combines the service on the cross-London Thameslink railway line between Brighton and Bedford with services along the East Coast Main Line from King 's Cross and Moorgate to Peterborough , Cambridge , and King 's Lynn formerly operated by WAGN , which is now often referred to as the Great Northern Route .
In 1944 , as Britain was nearing its sixth year in World War II , and 38-year-old Vera , who was widowed the previous year , still holding the title of women 's world champion , her two sisters and their mother were killed in a V-1 rocket bombing raid which destroyed their home at 47 Gauden Road in the Clapham area of South London .
Most of the games described below started as ad-hoc variants , but they have either become popular enough to have a common name , or else have some unique feature to merit including them here .
Life Legend has it that Virgil was born in the village of Andes , near MantuaThe epitaph on his tomb in Posilipo near Naples was Mantua me genuit ; Calabri rapuere ; tenet nunc Parthenope .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
The Songhai Empire , also known as the Songhay Empire , was a state located in western Africa .
Juan Castaño Quirós , nicknamed Juanele -LRB- born 10 April 1971 in Gijón , Asturias -RRB- , is a former Spanish footballer .
Tagore 's last four years were marked by chronic pain and two long periods of illness .
This category contains articles on the various Star Trek television series .
The turning point in her career was n't till the year 2000 , when she won the role of Naru Narusegawa in the popular anime Love Hina .
These are called '' Inter-Stitch-als '' and are featured on Disney 's official site .
The SG Essen is one of the most successful swimming associations in West Germany .
Lignan-de-Bazas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Following college , he completed a Bachelor of Divinity degree at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena , California -LRB- 1968 â '' 71 -RRB- .
PrÃ aux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
His parents were both Jewish mathematicians from a vibrant intellectual community .
In July , '' Emergency '' was released as the second single , the video again reuniting the band with director Shane Drake and featuring Hunter Lamb -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , who replaced Jason Bynum .
Already known for having conducted Tchaikovsky 's The Nutcracker ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre at the age of 20 , he quickly established his reputation .
The tail was flexible at the base but sheathed in a lattice of bony rods ; this allowed it to be carried in a sharply upturned position .
Baker County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Guthrie died of complications of Huntington 's disease in 1967 .
The United Kingdom demanded and succeeded in continuing to occupy a portion of Cyprus in the form of military bases because of the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea in pursuit of British interests .
Born as Alfons Karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .
Jilin Fine Arts , in collaboration with the VIZ Media Shanghai Branch , has translated the manga into Chinese .
El Muerto -LRB- alternatively , The Dead One , El Muerto : The Dead One , The Dead One : El Muerto , The Dead One : An American Legend -RRB- is a live-action independent film adaptation of the comic book series , El Muerto : The Aztec Zombie created by Javier Hernandez .
County Donegal -LRB- , â '' -RRB- is an administrative county in the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two traditional counties of the island of Ireland , located in the province of Ulster . It is the northernmost county in Ireland and is named after the town of Donegal .
Darling ' was a great one of Paul 's that he did n't sing too well .
A further innovation of Bach was the creation of what are strictly trio sonatas , involving a concertante -LRB- obligato -RRB- harpsichord part and one melodic instrument , thus for two players . Known examples are the six sonatas for harpsichord and solo violin -LRB- BWV 1014-1019 -RRB- , three sonatas for harpsichord and viola da gamba -LRB- BWV 1027-1029 -RRB- and the three sonatas for harpsichord and flauto traverso -LRB- BWV 1030-1032 -RRB-
NASA 's Venus In-Situ Explorer mission to Venus -LRB- part of the New Frontiers program -RRB- .
Inspiration Software , a developer and publisher of visual learning software
All is ultimately forgiven , as the entire group praises the ability to accept life 's unavoidable good times and bad times .
T. K. Velu Pillai , -LRB- 1940 -RRB- '' The Travancore State Manual '' ; 4 volumes ; Trivandrum Caldwell , R -LRB- 1998 -RRB- '' A comparative grammar of the Dravidian or South-Indian family of languages '' 3rd ed .
Samuel Adams -LRB- -- October 2 , 1803 -RRB- was an American statesman , political philosopher , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Khalsa says that MLIA seeks to '' bring to light how much stupid and boring stuff gets posted on the Internet . ''
Historians disagree about the dates of a '' Bronze Age '' in China . The difficulty lies in the term '' Bronze Age '' itself , as it has been applied to signify a period in European and Middle Eastern history when bronze tools replaced stone tools , and were later replaced by iron ones .
Aberdeen was officially incorporated on May 12 , 1890 .
Erich Johann Albert Raeder -LRB- 24 April 1876 6 November 1960 -RRB- was a naval leader in Germany before and during World War II .
Cars did not finish the Grand Prix , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
In the early days before fiberglass body panels became available , enthusiast and racers simply made their own modification to both the body and mechanicals of a stock VW to develop a machine suited to harsh , off-road environments .
Born in Edo , he was the second son of a daimyo of the Akizuki clan , who controlled part of Hyuga province .
However , his wife Cosima , who had been carrying on an extramarital affair with Richard Wagner for some time , left him in 1868 , taking with her two of their four daughters , Isolde and Eva -- the two whom Richard Wagner had fathered -- and in 1870 divorced BÃ 1\/4 low .
Conquest Joshua sends out two spies from Shittim to explore the city of Jericho .
The topping is frequently sweetened with sugar and flavoured or topped with a puree or compote of fruit .
O ' Cracker Where Art Thou ?
Waldheim was Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1972 to 1981 , and President of Austria from 1986 to 1992 .
Despite being a striker at his team Lokomotiv Moscow , during Guus Hiddink 's term at the Russian national football team he was used as a midfielder .
The talk show , airing every Thursday and Friday on the CBS website , interviews former contestants and reviews the players ' gameplay .
Todd Harry Rundgren -LRB- born June 22 , 1948 -RRB- is an American musician , singer-songwriter and record producer .
When the fires are extinguished , it is discovered that an entire district of some 10,000 houses in the southeast of the city were consumed by the flames .
Her achievements include the creation of a theory of radioactivity -LRB- a term she coined -RRB- , techniques for isolating radioactive isotopes , and the discovery of two new elements , polonium and radium .
Alternatively , copper hydroxide is readily made by electrolysis of water -LRB- containing a little electrolyte such as sodium bicarbonate -RRB- . A copper anode is used , often made from scrap copper .
Dixon was first introduced to blues when he served time on prison farms in Mississippi as an early-teenager .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus -LRB- -RRB- when the penis is not erect .
Both companies have stopped making their own mobile phones .
CNBC-e is a hybrid business\/financial and entertainment channel operated in Turkey by CNBC Europe and the NTV Group .
made its season premiere on September 9 , 2005 .
The state is home to the National Storm Prediction Center of the National Weather Service located at Norman .
Menziken is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Since 1990 Schubeck operates a catering service and supplied many first-class events like the Federal Chancellorâ s celebration , the Ball des Sports and the German music industryâ s ECHO award ceremony .
In 1896 , winners ' medals were in fact silver .
So Japan 's currency code is JPYâ '' JP for Japan and Y for yen .
Curt Jacob Stern was born in Hamburg , Germany .
The Aar -LRB- German Aare -RRB- , a tributary of the Rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within Switzerland .
MEPIS LLC also offers senior consulting services for product strategy , architecture design , business and systems analysis , and cross-platform software development .
Call of Duty 3 is a World War II first-person shooter and the third installment in the Call of Duty video game series .
With 128 million unit sales , Brooks has been certified the top-selling solo recording artist in U.S. history . ''
Les Salles-de-Castillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Nationwide Arena is a sports and entertainment arena in Columbus , Ohio .
Mohandas Gandhi said '' I am a Muslim , and a Hindu , and a Christian , and a Jew '' although he was born a Jain .
Texas Southern University -LRB- shortened to Texas Southern , or simply TSU -RRB- is a historically black university located in Houston , Texas , United States .
The original Eau de Cologne is a spirit-citrus perfume launched in Cologne in 1709 by Giovanni Maria Farina -LRB- 1685 â '' 1766 -RRB- , an Italian perfume maker from Santa Maria Maggiore Valle Vigezzo , Italy .
Silt is easily transported in water or other liquid and is fine enough to be carried long distances by air in the form of dust .
However , homicide can not be ruled out because of the finding of an hematoma on Ophelie 's body as well as many gray areas during the search .
Only 3,508 1975 and '76 Cosworth Vegas were produced from March 1975 through 1976 .
Bromine monochloride , also called bromine -LRB- I -RRB- chloride , bromochloride , and bromine chloride , is an interhalogen inorganic compound with chemical formula BrCl .
Deflagration is different from detonation -LRB- which is supersonic and propagates through shock compression -RRB- .
On his right arm he has a tattoo of the Elvish word '' nine '' written in Quenya-mode Tengwar , a reference to his involvement in the Lord of the Rings and the fact that his character was one of the nine members of the Fellowship of the Ring .
The central region of the coronal and radicular pulp contains large nerve trunks and blood vessels .
Examples of particular species of patents for inventions include biological patents , business method patents , chemical patents and software patents .
The residents of unincorporated Deltona voted in September 1995 to incorporate Deltona as a new city , after two previous failed attempts to do so in 1987 and 1990 . A seven-member commission was elected , and as of December 31 , 1995 , the City of Deltona became official .
1916 & ndash ; Tinus Osendarp , Dutch runner -LRB- d. 2002 -RRB-
1625 & ndash ; Giovanni Domenico Cassini , Italian scientist and astronomer -LRB- d. 1712 -RRB-
Undated Pskov is conquered by Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy .
Pall , a trustee of the North Shore University Hospital , died of complications of Alzheimer 's disease at his last home in Roslyn Estates , New York .
This form of iron is used in the type of stainless steel used for making cutlery , and hospital and food-service equipment .
RIP SLYME is a Japanese hip hop group .
The system organized rapidly south of Cape Hatteras , becoming a tropical depression on July 4 and a 50 mph tropical storm on the 5th .
Pictures Bad Dürrheim Bad Dürrheim is a town in the district of Schwarzwald-Baar , in Baden-Württemberg , Germany .
At this time , there were many highwaymen operating around the area where Ben Hall lived .
As of now he is in a band called Isinglass playing drums since 2006 .
Death Gable died in Los Angeles , California on November 16 , 1960 , the result of a heart attack ten days after suffering a severe coronary thrombosis .
However , after only six weeks of raising him , John Arable tells Fern that it 's time for him to be sold -LRB- his sibling were already sold -RRB- .
Council meetings The Federal Council operates mainly through weekly meetings , which are held each Wednesday at the Federal Palace in Bern/LOCATION. , the seat of the Swiss federal government .
Proceedings of the Royal Geographical Society and Monthly Record of Geography , 10 -LRB- 10 -RRB- , 613 -- 624 -LRB- 1888 -RRB- .
or
1/32 was represented by taste , by the sprouting of wheat or grain from the planted stalk , symbolized by a curved tail .
From 1987 to 2010 he served as Member of Parliament for Banff and Buchan in the United Kingdom 's House of Commons .
Fiction Records In April 2007 , Nash was signed to the Polydor offshoot Fiction Records .
At the beginning of the 1940s , the track required further improvement .
The riot resulted in almost 279 injuries to police and 45 injuries to members of the public ; over a hundred vehicles were burned , including 56 police vehicles ; and almost 150 buildings were damaged , with thirty burned .
However , JFDuke3D appears to be on hiatus as no new versions have appeared since late 2005 .
It is an alkaline earth metal and the seventh most abundant element in the Earth 's crust , where it constitutes about 2 % by mass , and ninth in the known Universe as a whole .
Year 1950 -LRB- MCML -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar .
Cayce 's work grew in volume as his fame grew .
It is sometimes called the world 's first novel , the first modern novel , the first psychological novel or the first novel to still be considered a classic , though this issue is a matter of debate -LRB- see Stature below -RRB- .
Genus Haborophocoena & .
The Anguilloidei are a sub-order of the order Anguilliformes -LRB- the eels -RRB- that contains 6 families :
Dundee Football Club , founded in 1893 , are a football club based in the city of Dundee , Scotland .
'' Need Your Loving Tonight '' \/O/ '' Rock It -LRB- Prime Jive -RRB- '' -- Elektra E47086 : released 18 November 1980 -LRB- US # 44 -RRB-
However , the core of Dowding 's system was implemented by Dowding himself : the use of Radio Direction Finding -LRB- RDF , later called radar , for radio detection and ranging -RRB- was at his behest , and its use , supplemented by information by the ROC , was crucial to the RAF 's ability to efficiently intercept incoming German aircraft .
The sales of the DVD were good enough to make sure the movie would be produced .
Standard Lithuanian is derived mostly from Western AukÅ taitian dialects , including the Eastern dialect of Lithuania Minor .
Code conversion , multiple meanings in telecommunication
Vice Admiral Russell Crane is the current Chief of Navy ; he was appointed to this position in 2008 .
Chocolate Bayou is an unincorporated area in Brazoria County , Texas , United States .
Lastly , a critical step : add for the information you have put into the stub ; see for information on how to do so in Wikipedia .
Quinine , used to treat certain forms of Malaria , sometimes used to make food have a bitter taste .
Several Hungarian families came to live in Bezenye , some of whom had been displaced from Slovakia .
A highly sensitive person -LRB- HSP -RRB- is a person having the innate trait of high sensitivity -LRB- or innate sensitiveness as Carl Gustav Jung originally coined it -RRB- .
They have a '' crown '' of solid tentacles whose cilia generate water currents that draw food particles towards the mouth , and both the mouth and anus lie inside the '' crown '' .
Undoubtedly the geography of Greeceâ '' divided and sub-divided by hills , mountains and riversâ '' contributed to the fragmentary nature of ancient Greece .
Marlow -LRB- previously Great Marlow or Chipping Marlow -RRB- is a town and civil parish within Wycombe district in south Buckinghamshire , England .
The 1920 Games were awarded to Antwerp to honor the people of that city after the suffering they endured during World War I/O. The initial choice for the site of the Games had been Budapest , Hungary .
Increased aridity during peak glaciation -LRB- about 18,000 years ago -RRB- may have also contributed to the extinction of the megafauna .
Tony urges Sid to try and score with Michelle on the rebound , and just as Michelle appears to find comfort in him , Tony appears and forces Sid to watch as he takes Michelle back instantly , affirming his power over them both .
History San Gimignano was founded as a small village in the 3rd century BC by the Etruscans .
The region is divided into two provinces : Potenza and Matera .
Allen 's second album , It 's Not Me , It 's You , was released in the UK on 9 February 2009 and the United States on 10 February 2009 .
She assiduously cultivates the friendship with Elinor Dashwood and Mrs. John Dashwood .
During his last 3 hours on the cross , from noon to 3 p.m. , darkness falls over the whole land .
In 2006 , a study showing that the malaria mosquito -LRB- Anopheles gambiae -RRB- is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology .
Lamarque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern of the Netherlands , near to the border with Germany .
The first series titled Dicht bij Huis -LRB- '' Close to home '' -RRB- , appeared in 1902 .
Quesques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the summer of 2006 , Cold War Kids signed to Downtown Records -LRB- home to Gnarls Barkley , Art Brut -RRB- and released their debut LP Robbers & Cowards that fall .
Seneffe is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The strongest hurricane in the season was Hurricane Juliette , which reached peak winds of 150 mph -LRB- 240 km\/h -RRB- , but did not significantly affect land .
VALIS -LRB- 1980 -RRB- is perhaps Dick 's most postmodern and autobiographical novel , examining his own unexplained experiences -LRB- see above -RRB- .
Buddhist monks in India adopted saffron-coloured robes after the Buddha Siddhartha Gautama 's death .
The 45 km long and 20 -- 30 km wide hill range is heavily wooded and a popular recreation area with the Viennese .
The Bureau , originally named the Portland Metropolitan Police Force , was established in 1870 by the Portland City Council .
Union -LRB- computer science -RRB- , a type of data
Orkney -LRB- particularly its capital , Kirkwall -RRB- hosts the St Magnus Festival , an arts festival founded by Davies in 1977 .
DeVoe phoned Hoppus and Barker the following day to tell them that DeLonge had quit the band , stating : '' As of today , Tom DeLonge is no longer a member of Blink-182 . '' DeLonge subsequently changed his telephone number to avoid discussing the matter with Hoppus and Barker .
A thin film transistor liquid crystal display -LRB- TFT-LCD -RRB- is a variant of liquid crystal display -LRB- LCD -RRB- which uses thin film transistor -LRB- TFT -RRB- technology to improve image quality -LRB- e.g. addressability , contrast -RRB- .
The MetÃ ora -LRB- , '' suspended rocks '' , '' suspended in the air '' or '' in the heavens above '' -RRB- is one of the largest and most important complexes of Eastern Orthodox monasteries in Greece , second only to Mount Athos .
Libin is a municipality of Belgium .
The office was created under the title of Federal Minister of All-German Affairs -LRB- Bundesminister für gesamtdeutsche Fragen -RRB- in 1949 , being also in charge of the German lands east of the Oder-Neisse-Line which had been put under Polish or Soviet administration .
She is the 2006 Olympic silver medalist , 2003 Grand Prix Final Champion , and 2006 U.S. National Champion .
Ibadis also have several doctrinal differences with orthodox Sunni Islam , chief among them :
In common usage , such terms as the '' Paleolithic diet '' also refer to the actual ancestral human diet .
Translated from the Hebrew by Solomon Gandz ; supplemented , introduced , and edited by Julian Obermann ; with an astronomical commentary by Otto Neugebauer .
She sang Eva with pleasure in Wagner 's Die Meistersinger von NÃ 1\/4 rnberg at the Bayreuth Festival in 1952 , but she was never to sing the Bayreuth Festival again , preferring the summer Salzburg Festival .
She was brought up in Hyderabad in a religious family .
When Julius Caesar arrived in the region in the 1st century BC , the region was settled by the Nervii .
1993 & ndash ; Russian Constitutional Crisis : In Moscow , tanks bombard the White House , a government building that housed the Russian parliament , while demonstrators against President Boris Yeltsin rally outside .
Stephen Joseph Harper , PC , MP -LRB- born April 30 , 1959 -RRB- is the 22nd and current Prime Minister of Canada , and leader of the Conservative Party .
Carlos SÃ nchez GarcÃ a -LRB- born January 18 , 1978 in Madrid -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Puerta Bonita in the Spanish fourth division , as a goalkeeper .
The conditions of the Pact contributed greatly to the succeeding and final two partitions of Poland .
The same functionality which makes a debugger useful for eliminating bugs allows it to be used as a software cracking tool to evade copy protection , digital rights management , and other software protection features .
Hummer was a brand of trucks marketed since 1992 by AM General when it began selling the civilian version of the M998 High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle -LRB- HMMWV or Hum-Vee -RRB- .
She and her sister , Barbara Pierce Bush , were the first twin children of a United States president .
Harrodsburg was the first seat of Kentucky County .
Reception During album reviews for All Hope Is Gone , '' Dead Memories '' was remarked upon for its melody and accessibility .
The fourth point suggests moments of cross fertilization for artists and poets in order to support the thesis that a literary text may inspire the creation of a figurative art work and vice versa : the result is a new and complete form of art .
Such louvers may be integrated in between two panes of double glazing .
There is also a Welsh language radio station , BBC Radio Cymru , which was launched in 1977 .
Bricostore is a French hypermarket chain offering home improvement and do-it-yourself goods .
The last of these trains , with their classic bullet-nosed appearance , were retired on 30 November 2008 .
The show premiered on September 24 , 2007 , airing Mondays at 10 p.m. Eastern Time .
The Nintendo GameCube was the first Nintendo console to use optical discs as its primary storage medium , after several aborted projects from Nintendo and its partners to utilize optical-based storage media .
A person whose profession -LRB- science , medicine , literature -RRB- solely involves the production and dissemination of ideas .
Another bee-inspired stigmergic computational technique called bee colony optimization is employed in Internet Server Optimization .
Members of the order are distinguished by their skins , which bear horny scales or shields .
Biblically , bugles are found in the time of Moses , when God commanded Moses to ` make two bugles of hammered silver ' in Numbers 10:1 -3 .
Unterlunkhofen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The average household size is 2.64 and the average family size is 3.10 .
Micah Lincoln Richards -LRB- born 24 June 1988 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Manchester City in the Premier League .
Park Kun-Ha -LRB- born 25 July 1971 in Daejeon , South Korea -RRB- is a retired South Korean footballer and the manager of Suwon Samsung Bluewings U-18 Team .
Estrées - la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Nonkilling refers to the absence of killing , threats to kill , and conditions conducive to killing in human society .
Sport Roubaix is the finish of the Paris-Roubaix cycling classic from Compiègne to Roubaix over 259.5 km , which includes almost 50 km of cobbles .
Baitul Mukarram -LRB- -RRB- , -LRB- ; The holy house -RRB- is the national mosque of BangladeshBaitul Mukarram-the National Mosque of Bangladesh , Bangladesh Embassy at Bhutan website .
Acronyms , keyboard symbols and shortened words are often used as methods of abbreviation in Internet slang .
The football teams have met nearly every year since 1878 , making it one of the oldest high school rivalries in the country .
Oxygen difluoride was first reported in 1929 ; it was obtained by the electrolysis of molten potassium fluoride and hydrofluoric acid containing small quantities of water .
Montreuil is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Henry Dearborn -LRB- February 23 , 1751 â '' June 6 , 1829 -RRB- was an American physician , a statesman and a veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812 .
Some shelters also offer business cards with information on the shelter 's location and services , which can be given in lieu of cash .
The label still issues any Sinatra work recorded while on the label and , after his death in 1998 , it had great success with his greatest hits collections .
The word esperanto means '' one who hopes '' in the language itself .
Mayday Parade is a pop punk band from Tallahassee , Florida .
The hair matrix epithelium is one of the fastest growing cell populations in the human body , which is why some forms of chemotherapy that kill dividing cells or radiotherapy may lead to temporary hair loss .
Alsace is located on France 's eastern border and on the west bank of the upper Rhine adjacent to Germany and Switzerland .
The GuaranÃ alphabet -LRB- achegety -RRB- is a phonetic system used to write the GuaranÃ language , spoken mostly in Paraguay and nearby countries .
Following his father 's death , his uncle Oskar von Zalewski , a soldier , developed a very close relationship with Erich and encouraged him to also pursue a military career .
She served as the President of Indonesia from 23 July 2001 to 20 October 2004 and was the country 's first female President .
The process was originally conceived as a way of preventing wine and beer from souring .
Reformed doctrine is expressed in various confessions .
Elive -LRB- '' Enlightenment live '' -RRB- is a GNU\/Linux distribution based on Debian for legacy and commodity hardware with Intel processors .
In contrast to the episcopal polity of the Anglican and many Lutheran and Methodist churches , Reformed churches have two main forms of governance :
'' It Wo n't Be Long 'Til Christmas -LRB- Let Them Go -RRB- '' -LRB- Roadshow version only -RRB-
Cromwell 's enemies dubbed him Tumbledown Dick or Queen Dick for his indecisive character .
The Franco-Prussian War or Franco-German War , often referred to in France as the 1870 War -LRB- 19 July 1870 â '' 10 May 1871 -RRB- was a conflict between the Second French Empire and the Kingdom of Prussia .
Saint-Célerin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Jackals fill a similar ecological niche to the coyote -LRB- sometimes called the '' American jackal '' 4.1 Coyote Canis latrans Say , 1823 Least concern -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- by E.M. Gese & M. Bekoff -RRB- in North America .
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
An Cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge , and they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label .
The Wisdom of Crocodiles -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB-
France 's largest cities are Paris , Marseille , Lyon , Lille , Toulouse , Nice , and Nantes .
He then played with Jonas Björkman , who retired at the end of 2008 .
Other units of time , the minute , hour , and day , are accepted for use with the modern metric system , but are not part of it .
Chitin -LRB- C8H13O5N -RRB- n -LRB- -RRB- is a long-chain polymer of a N-acetylglucosamine , a derivative of glucose , and is found in many places throughout the natural world .
During the Middle Ages organizations such as the Hanseatic League , aimed at protecting interests of the merchants and trade , also became increasingly prominent .
The cross in the bottom-left derives from the coat of arms of the imperial abbey of Lorsch Abbey , and the lion in the bottom-right is the sign of Hesse .
A third and final direct-to-video sequel , Leroy & Stitch , was released on June 27 , 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series .
These are probably used for a second olfactory capability , in addition to the normal sense of smell based in the nose .
Karin Victoria Silvstedt -LRB- born 19 September 1974 -RRB- is a Swedish celebrity model , actress , singer , and television personality .
After partition , in Pakistan Layyah was become the part of District Muzzaffargarh and in 1983 it was again separated from district Muzzaffargarh and given the status of district with three tehsils -LRB- Layyah , Karor Lal Eisan and Chaubara -RRB- .
Wynonna first rose to fame in the 1980s alongside her mother , Naomi , in the country music duo The Judds .
He is ridiculed and coerced into doing Hoshino 's dirty work , and finds solace only in the ethereal music Lily Chou-Chou makes .
A remix of the song features rapper American hip hop artist Consequence .
The most recent Moondyne Festival was on May 4 2008 .
In its simplest form , an interlinear gloss is simply a literal , word-for-word translation that may be incoherent in the language of translation .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
The Airbus A310 is a medium - to long-range widebody airliner .
He is primarily known for his roles as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American version of the television comedy The Office .
In Norse mythology , Muspellheim -LRB- '' Muspel land '' -RRB- , also called Múspell , is a realm of fire .
The word derives from the Greek '' Î 1\/4 Î Î 1\/2 Î Î '' -LRB- mania -RRB- , '' madness , frenzy '' and that from the verb '' Î 1\/4 Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Î 1\/4 Î Î '' -LRB- mainomai -RRB- , '' to be mad , to rage , to be furious '' .
Water pressure in local systems was lost and conditions were too extreme for fighters to continue efforts in some areas .
He produced many paintings , illustrations , advertisements , postcards , and designs .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum -LSB- p -RSB- is the name given to commonly used placeholder text -LRB- filler text -RRB- to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout .
1267 -- 1237 BC -LRB- short chronology -RRB- , pp .
Punk has lent this stringent DIY ethic to the indie rock that surfaced in the early 1990s underground .
March 19 & ndash ; Thomas Killigrew , English dramatist -LRB- b. 1612 -RRB-
In common usage what is sometimes called clearcut logging is not is necessarily considered a type of logging but a harvest or silviculture method and is simply called clearcutting or block cutting . In the forest products industry logging companies may be referred to as logging contractors .
Dje , or Djerv -LRB- , -RRB- is the sixth letter of the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet , used in the Serbian language to represent the sound , a voiced alveolo-palatal affricate , similar to the English '' j '' sound .
John Ellis '' Jeb '' Bush -LRB- born February 11 , 1953 -RRB- , 43rd Governor of Florida
For all these reasons Costa Rica was by and large unappreciated and overlooked by the Spanish Crown and left to develop on its own . It is believed that the circumstances during this period led to many of the idiosyncrasies for which Costa Rica has become known , whereas concomitantly setting the stage for Costa Rica 's development as a more egalitarian society than the rest of its neighbors .
Pskov is conquered by Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy .
29 -- 102 -RRB- .
Bad Brains is an American hardcore punk band formed in Washington , D.C. in 1977 .
Biography Lovisa was born in Uppsala in Uppland .
He is the current incarnation of the Avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human form .
Other Tamil communities , such as those in South Africa and Fiji , no longer speak Tamil as a first language , but still retain a strong Tamil identity , and are able to understand the language , while most elders speak it as a first language .
1970 & ndash ; In Montreal , Quebec , a national crisis hits Canada when Quebec Vice-Premier and Minister of Labour Pierre Laporte becomes the second statesman kidnapped by members of the FLQ terrorist group .
that are still played at Yale today . Porter wrote 300 songs while at Yale .
32 pages 627 -- 647 .
Both Bangladesh and India are part of what is known as the Indian subcontinent and have had a long common cultural , economic and political history .
'' Defining Pseudoscience '' , Philosophia Naturalis , 33 : 169 -- 176 , as cited in '' Science and Pseudo-science '' -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- in Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
His works include Synecdoche , New York , Being John Malkovich , Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , Adaptation/O. , and Human Nature .
Mnemosyne -LRB- or ; ' -RRB- , source of the word mnemonic , was the personification of memory in Greek mythology .
The 1948 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in London , United Kingdom .
It was originally thought that this parasite infected fish brains -LRB- hence the specific epithet cerebralis -RRB- , however it quickly became apparent that while it can be found in the nervous system , it primarily infects cartilage and skeletal tissue .
Oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks , or sima , which is rich in iron and magnesium .
The history of fortified buildings extends from antiquity to modern times .
The series 's popularity led to syndication around the world , including every night on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
The uppercase Q was written above the lowercase o , and this mark was transformed into the modern symbol .
Guillos is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Gaillardia pulchella -LRB- Firewheel , Indian blanket , Indian Blanketflower , or Sundance -RRB- , is a short-lived annual flowering plant native to the central United States .
__ NOTOC __
Touët - de-l ` Escarène is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Also on the cemetery grounds are the final resting places of a number of local organized crime figures , most notably Al Capone .
On 28 April 1996 , Martin Bryant went on a killing spree at Port Arthur , murdering 35 people and wounding 21 more before being captured by Special Operatives Police .
A women 's liberation resolution on the issue of male chauvinism was passed by conference attendees , for the first time .
He has also played a good deal of chamber music , often with the pianist Emanuel Ax , with whom he has a close friendship back from their days together at the Juilliard School of Music in New York .
Martin Scorsese 's direction of The Departed earned him his second Golden Globe for Best Director , as well as a Critic 's Choice Award , his first Director 's Guild of America Award , and the Academy Award for Best Director .
Oslo is the cultural , scientific , economic and governmental center of Norway .
Karlstad is a city , the seat of Karlstad Municipality and the capital of Värmland County in Sweden .
Its etymology derives from the verb grind .
Saint Vivien de Medoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Plumbing fixtures are designed for the end-users .
Most Christians believe that these verses say Jesus is God and they think it is a heresy to not believe Jesus is God .
The track features Daniel Stern on guitar and was produced by Don Gilmore and written by Lavigne and Ben Moody , former Evanescence guitarist and Lavigne 's then-current good friend .
SunSoft , HP , IBM and USL announced CDE in June 1993 as a joint development within the Common Open Software Environment -LRB- COSE -RRB- initiative .
When one civic group began to publish Klan membership lists , the number of members quickly declined . The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People carried on public education campaigns in order to inform people about Klan activities and lobbied against Klan abuses in Congress .
A mutual fund is a professionally managed type of collective investment scheme that pools money from many investors and invests typically in investment securities -LRB- stocks , bonds , short-term money market instruments , other mutual funds , other securities , and\/or commodities such as precious metals -RRB- .
Rougefay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He is the only man to coach three Olympic gold medal-winning eight-oared boats .
Modern codified savate provides for three levels of competition : assaut , pre-combat and combat .
The protolith may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock .
The first official bank holidays were the four days named in the Bank Holidays Act 1871 , but today the term is colloquially used for public holidays which are not officially bank holidays , for example Good Friday and Christmas Day .
The M1 Thickener -LRB- MIL-T-589A -RRB- , chemically a mixture of 25 % wt .
The province has an area of .
Saxons came to Devon in the 7th Century , and the King of Wessex attacked in 614 .
The intended purpose of Cominform was to coordinate actions between Communist parties under Soviet direction .
Yama is also mentioned in the Mahabharata as a great philosopher and devotee of Supreme Brahman .
Ape Escape -LRB- known as Saru Get You in Japan -RRB- is a series of video games made by Sony Computer Entertainment , starting with Ape Escape for PlayStation in 1999 .
King Louis XIV of France -LRB- 1643 -- 1715 -RRB- .
The Nabarlek -LRB- Petrogale concinna -RRB- , also known as the Pygmy Rock-wallaby or the Little Rock-wallaby , is a very small species of macropod found in northern Australia .
The second Sunday in May is Mother 's Day in the United States .
Sir Francis Galton FRS -LRB- 16 February 1822 -- 17 January 1911 -RRB- , cousin of Sir Douglas Galton , cousin of Charles Darwin , was an English Victorian polymath , anthropologist , eugenicist , tropical explorer , geographer , inventor , meteorologist , proto-geneticist , psychometrician , and statistician .
Later he learned French , Latin , Greek , Hebrew , and English , and had an interest in Italian , Spanish and Lithuanian .
Lewisville is part of the Idaho Falls , Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The Earth 's North Magnetic Pole is the point on the Earth 's surface at which the Earth 's magnetic field points vertically downwards -LRB- i.e. , the '' dip '' is 90 ° -RRB- .
When news of the liberal charter reached Mexico , Iturbide saw in it both a threat to the status quo and an opportunity for the criollos to gain control of Mexico .
He was associated with the Royal Opera House from 1952 , and with Opera Australia from 1970 .
Formed by Shagrath , Silenoz , and Tjodalv , the band released an EP in 1994 entitled Inn i evighetens mørke -LRB- '' Into the Darkness of Eternity '' in English -RRB- .
According to Athena , Percy 's fatal flaw is loyalty , but this may or may not be true .
Lleyton Glynn Hewitt -LRB- ; born 24 February 1981 -RRB- is an Australian professional tennis player and former World No. 1 .
Kerosene shale was mined at Mount Temi , some 11.25 km to the north of Murrurundi from 1886 , but lay dormant for many years .
Thompson grew up in Calgary , Alberta , where his brother , Paulâ '' who also became a professional ice hockey playerâ '' was born in 1906 .
He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- CBE -RRB- in 1979 , and knighted in the 1991 New Year Honours for his outstanding work and contributions to the theatre .
A hunter-gatherer society is one whose primary subsistence method involves the direct procurement of edible plants and animals from the wild , foraging and hunting without significant recourse to the domestication of either .
It was sponsored by the mineral water company Gerolsteiner Brunnen and Specialized .
Lands on the south side of the river were granted to the Bishop of Durham by Athelstan of England in 930 ; these became known as Bishopwearmouth and included settlements such as Ryhope which fall within the modern day boundary of Sunderland .
Mons succeeded Valenciennes as the capital of the county of Hainaut in 1295 and grew to 8,900 inhabitants by the end of the 15th century .
A pioneer in the ecology movement , Bookchin was the founder of the social ecology movement within anarchist , libertarian socialist and ecological thought .
Primary and secondary are relative terms , and some sources may be classified as primary or secondary , depending on how it is used .
20 km north-east of Rheine and 25 km north-west of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck .
The 2003 Formula One season was the 54th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
1674 BC -- Ipuwer Papyrus written .
Although his main position is a striker , he has played more regularly as a winger .
See also First Party System History of the United States Democratic Party List of political parties in the United States References Henry Brooks Adams , History of the United States during the Administrations of Thomas Jefferson -LRB- 1889 ; Library of America ed .
Colomars -LRB- Nissart : Couloumas -RRB- is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The subject varies greatly in theoretical and methodological focus , but may be broadly divided into three interrelated areas : the critique of artistic styles and aesthetic forms -LRB- genre , narrative , and so on -RRB- , the study of the production process -LRB- e.g. technologies and markets -RRB- , and sociological analysis -LRB- of ideological effects , reception and consumption , etc. -RRB- .
Ultimate Fighting Championship http://www.ufc.tv www.ufc.tv -RRB- ;
Geography The district was located on the northwestern slope of the Ore Mountains .
Most cardinals have additional duties , such as leading a diocese or archdiocese or running a department of the Roman Curia .
Many community centres and schools run evening or day classes and workshops offering to teach basic craft skills in a short period of time .
This article discusses the number thirty-eight .
Pakistan -- Russian relations -LRB- -RRB- are the relations of Pakistan and the Russian Federation .
In the spring of 1918 , the anarchist groups within the Moscow Federation formed armed detachments in reaction to the growing repression of all resistance and free expression .
Director Robert Maier made a documentary short about her in 1975 entitled Love Letter to Edie .
He was drafted by the Ravens in the third round of the 2008 NFL Draft . He played college football for the University of Notre Dame from 2003 to 2007 .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
ILP allows the compiler and the processor to overlap the execution of multiple instructions or even to change the order in which instructions are executed .
James Harold Wilson , Baron Wilson of Rievaulx , KG , OBE , FRS , PC -LRB- 11 March 1916 â '' 24 May 1995 -RRB- was a British Labor politician .
Concerned with the length of director Julie Taymor 's cut of the film , Revolution Studios chairman Joe Roth tested a sneak preview of a shortened version without first informing Taymor .
There are two living species of chinchilla , Chinchilla brevicaudata and Chinchilla lanigera .
Soap bubbles can help solve complex mathematical problems of space , as they will always find the smallest surface area between points or edges , for example .
The Comision de Hacienda issued 50 and 200 pesos in 1865 , whilst the Junta de Credito introduced notes for 10 and 20 centavos that year , followed by 5 and 40 centavos in 1866 and 1 , 2 , 5 and 10 pesos in 1867 .
The series carried on where the movie left off and charted Lilo 's efforts to capture and re-home Jumba 's remaining experiments .
These movement patterns are distinct to the taxa , separating them .
Toucan Sam is the mascot of Froot Loops .
The unusual spectrum brings Leonisis ' membership in the Flora family into doubt .
He was particularly associated with the music of English composers such as Edward Elgar and Ralph Vaughan Williams .
The second table includes results from privately owned McLaren cars in World Championship Grands Prix .
'' A Day in the Life '' is a song by the English rock group The Beatles , the final track on the group 's 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Its population , as of 2010 , is 197,426 , making it the fourth largest city in the country after Copenhagen , Århus , and Odense .
Hesperis matronalis grows 100 cm or taller , with multiple upright hairy stems .
Silversun Pickups is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles , California , formed in 2002 .
8 Individual stages
The capital of Lower Austria since 1986 is Sankt PÃ lten , the most recently designated capital town in Austria .
The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged to safeguard Pakistan from external and internal threats .
He played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- , first for the Boston Bruins , and later for the Detroit Red Wings .
In 1889 the Margherita pizza , whose red tomatoes , green basil , and white cheese represent the Italian flag , was named after her .
The Chenab then joins the Indus at Mithankot , Pakistan .
If the stimulus is again tripled in strength -LRB- i.e. , 3 x 3 x 1 -RRB- , the corresponding perception will be three times as strong as its original value -LRB- i.e. , 1 + 1 + 1 -RRB- .
John Joseph '' Jack '' Nicholson -LRB- born April 22 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor , film director and producer .
Coupling -LRB- 2000 & ndash ; 2004 -RRB- -LRB- TV -RRB-
Percy has ten days before summer solstice to find the bolt and is given magic shoes by Luke before leaving on the quest with Annabeth and Grover .
For the symbol of airborne forces , see Maroon beret
Brown is the author or co-author of over 50 books on global environmental issues and his works have been translated into more than forty languages .
Life and career Early life Paltrow was born in Los Angeles , California , the daughter of Blythe Danner , an actress , and Bruce Paltrow , a film and television director , writer , and producer .
In its two decades of existence , the Whig Party saw two of its candidates , William Henry Harrison and Zachary Taylor , elected president .
He made his main-roster debut on the April 16 , 2007 edition of WWE Raw in Milan , Italy , as a planted fan named Santino Marella claiming to be from Calabria , Italy .
Thoros -LRB- 1244 -- 24 August 1266 -RRB-
Amherst is a village in Portage County , Wisconsin , United States .
The politics of Andorra take place in a framework of a parliamentary representative democracy , whereby the Prime Minister of Andorra is the head of government , and of a pluriform multi-party system .
Niko KranjÄ ar -LRB- born 13 August 1984 -RRB- is a Croatian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Tottenham Hotspur and the Croatia national team .
Catastrophe modeling firm AIR Worldwide reported official estimates of insurers ' losses at US$ 1 billion from the earthquake ; estimated total damages exceed US$ 20 billion .
Wild blueberries , strawberries and mushrooms are to be found in the forests .
According to molecular genetic studies the gharial and the false gharial -LRB- Tomistoma -RRB- are close relatives , which would support to place them in the same family .
She was on the cover in the other two editions , one next to Scheila Carvalho , her colleague É o Tchan !
Darryl F. Zanuck considered that Monroe 's film potential was worth developing and cast her in Niagara , as a femme fatale scheming to murder her husband , played by Joseph Cotten .
Julia Gillard is the party 's federal parliamentary leader and Prime Minister of Australia .
Fincastle is a city in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
This town became Neustrelitz -LRB- = '' New Strelitz '' -RRB- .
He currently plays for Atlético Mineiro .
Optical Density -LRB- absorbance -RRB-
fi
It were Moondyne of course That took Ferguson 's horse .
As a singer , Hewitt has been signed by Atlantic Records and Jive Records .
The number has received considerable attention in popular culture because of its appearance in The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , as the '' Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life , the Universe , and Everything '' .
Prior to the holiday of Eid ul-Fitr , mosques also collect a special zakat that is supposed to assist in helping poor Muslims attend the prayers and celebrations associated with the holiday .
Oviraptor lived in the late Cretaceous period , during the late Campanian stage about 75 million years ago ; only one definitive specimen is known -LRB- with associated eggs -RRB- , from the Djadokhta Formation of Mongolia , though a possible second specimen -LRB- also with eggs -RRB- comes from the northeast region of Inner Mongolia , China , in an area called Bayan Mandahu .
It includes the basic theory of Chinese materia medica , '' crude medicine , '' '' prepared drug in slices '' -LRB- -RRB- and traditional Chinese patent medicines and simple preparations ' source , collection and preparation , performance , efficacy , and clinical applications .
Oscar Wilde , Irish writer -LRB- d. 1900 -RRB-
This astronomical ceiling represents the heavens and is painted in dark blue , with a myriad of golden five-pointed stars .
Gombe Streamâ s high levels of diversity make it an increasingly popular tourist destination .
This incident has been classified as Level 1 on the International Nuclear Event Scale News France bans water consumption over nuclear leak - News from France - Expatica .
With the advent of Java 2 -LRB- released initially as J2SE 1.2 in December 1998 -- 1999 -RRB- , new versions had multiple configurations built for different types of platforms .
While lauded at the time for his discoveries , today his legacy is seen as far more mixed considering the serious negative environmental impacts of these innovations .
Giacomo Girolamo Casanova de Seingalt -LRB- April 2 , 1725 -- June 4 , 1798 -RRB- was a Venetian adventurer and author .
Painful Memories for China 's Footbinding Survivors , by Louisa Lim , Morning Edition , March 19 , 2007 .
Soldiers of the Truchsess War and later the Thirty Years ' War raided Gerresheim .
Started in August 2004 , with biologists across the world invited to contribute , -LRB- archive -RRB- the project had grown a framework encompassing the Linnaean taxonomy with links to Wikipedia articles on individual species by April 2005 .
Scandinavian pancakes are similar to the French crêpes .
Lapis lazuli is a rock , largely formed from the mineral lazurite .
She is also known for her trademark double Biellmann spin with a foot change , which she also invented .
Laing expanded the view of the '' double bind '' hypothesis put forth by Bateson and other anthropologists , and came up with a new concept to describe the highly complex situation that unfolds in the process of '' going mad '' - an '' incompatible knot '' .
In 2005 Time magazine named him one of the world 's 100 most influential people .
Joanna Kerns -LRB- born February 12 , 1953 -RRB- is an American actress and director best known for her role as Maggie Seaver on the family situation comedy Growing Pains from 1985-1992 .
GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation , and so is found in small quantities in some beers and wines .
The Call of Earth -LRB- 1992 -RRB- is the second book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card .
HafnarfjÃ rÃ ur has three swimming pools , despite its low population . This is common for any town in Iceland , due to the geothermal energy .
By May 30 , the moisture from the trough extended from Nicaragua through the southeastern Gulf of Mexico , with the greatest area of convection near Cuba .
This repressor -LRB- the lac repressor -RRB- is made in all cells , binding directly to DNA at the genes it controls , and physically preventing the transcription apparatus from gaining access to the DNA .
His themes often center on the inherent evil and sin of humanity and his works often have moral messages and deep psychological complexity .
Jeffrey Preston '' Jeff '' Bezos -LRB- born January 12 , 1964 -RRB- is the founder , president , chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Amazon.com .
It has been a part of Düsseldorf since 1929 .
Cassandra '' Cassie '' Ainsworth is a fictional character in the television series Skins who is portrayed by Hannah Murray .
It received eight Oscar nominations , including Best Picture , Best Actor for Robert De Niro , and Scorsese 's first for Best Director .
Its main effect was to abolish the county councils of the metropolitan counties that had been set up in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 , along with the Greater London Council that had been established in 1965 .
The mathematical theory of differential equations first developed , together with the sciences , where the equations had originated and where the results found application .
Lasse Lindh is a Swedish indie pop musician .
The most popular of these sports worldwide is association football , more commonly known as just '' football '' or '' soccer '' .
The Chinese-built Tiguan uses 1.8 TSI -LRB- 118 kW -RRB- and 2.0 TSI -LRB- 147 kW -RRB- , and has a revised front facia .
These may include increased heat output , increased noise level , problems with reading and writing of data , an increase in the number of damaged disk sectors , and so on .
The 3,000 seat Teatro Farnese , the first permanent proscenium theatre , is built into the Great Hall of the Palazzo della Pilotta in Parma , Italy .
Shogo Nishikawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
Lambert , Kym -LSB- K.L. ní Dhoireann -RSB- -LRB- 1992 -RRB- Book Reviews , Bio Blurbs , Harvest , Southboro , MA , Vol .
The Himalayan Snowcock -LRB- Tetraogallus himalayensis -RRB- is a snowcock in the pheasant family Phasianidae found across the Himalayan ranges and parts of the adjoining Pamir range of Asia .
In certain applications , where small size is not a primary concern , the components used may be compatible with those used in general purpose computers .
He has written eight numbered symphonies sinceâ '' a symphonic cycle of the Symphonies Nos. 1 â '' 7 -LRB- 1976 â '' 2000 -RRB- , a Symphony No. 8 titled the ` Antarctic ' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , a Sinfonia Concertante -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , as well as the series of ten Strathclyde Concertos for various instruments -LRB- pieces born out of his association with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra , 1987 â '' 1996 -RRB- .
The Royal Ontario Museum -LRB- ROM -RRB- is a museum of world culture and natural history in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Angelic Salutation , Hail Mary , or Ave Maria -LRB- Latin -RRB- is a traditional Christian prayer asking for the intercession of the Virgin Mary , the mother of Jesus .
Until recently , photovoltaics were most commonly used in remote sites where there is no access to a commercial power grid , or as a supplemental electricity source for individual homes and businesses .
The fossil was published in Nature dated August 15 , 1959 , but due to a strike of the printers the issue was not released until September .
Heath Ledger was born in Perth , Western Australia , the son of Sally Ledger -LRB- nÃ e Ramshaw -RRB- , a French teacher , and Kim Ledger , a racing-car driver and mining engineer , whose family established and owned the Ledger Engineering Foundry .
In addition to its academic undertakings , the University is also involved in research and community extension projects .
Heather Joan Graham -LRB- born January 29 , 1970 -RRB- is an American actress and fashion model .
On 28 May 2009 , the first section of the Circle Line from Marymount Station to Bartley Station was opened .
Waleed al-Shehri and Wail al-Shehri sat in first class seats 2B and 2A respectively .
Cassius ' first office was as quaestor under Marcus Licinius Crassus in 53 BC , an office in which he proved himself to have a capable military mind .
And after that the LORD sent a rophet and said , '' Do you see this vast army ?
-- Olu esas bela planeto -- dicis la serpento - .
Miep Gies -LRB- February 15 , 1909 -- January 11 , 2010 -RRB- was one of the Dutch citizens who hid Anne Frank , her family and several family friends in an attic annex above Anne 's father 's place of business from the Nazis during World War II .
Marco Zanchi -LRB- born 15 April 1977 in San Giovanni Bianco -RRB- is an Italian defender currently play for Vicenza .
is a Japanese football player , who currently plays for the J. League team Kashima Antlers .
Intended for consumption during physically active occasions , Gatorade beverages are formulated to rehydrate and replenish fluid , carbohydrates and electrolytes .
As of December 2010 , South Australia has thirteen operational wind farms , with an installed capacity of 1,018 megawatts -LRB- MW -RRB- .
The Gilbert and Ellice Islands were a British protectorate from 1892 and colony from 1916 until 1 January 1976 when the islands were divided into two different colonies which became independent nations shortly after .
Immediately afterward , the WWE Undisputed Championship returned to being the WWE Championship .
Formal languages are often used as the basis for richer constructs endowed with semantics .
Nerium oleander L. Flora of China .
This is a list of cities in Turkey by population .
Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem , released June 18 , 2010 on Shady Records , Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records .
He was asked to play for national team of Bosnia-Herzegovina , but he chose to play for FR Yugoslavia -LRB- Serbia and Montenegro -RRB- .
Encyclopaedia Metallum : The Metal Archives -LRB- commonly known as Metal Archives per the URL or just MA -RRB- is a website which lists bands from various forms of heavy metal music .
On January 1 , 2006 Herent had a total population of 19,218 .
Babylonne -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- -LRB- also a companion to the Pagan Chronicles -RRB-
Chakra -LRB- derived from the Sanskrit -LRB- -RRB- , pronounced in Hindi ; Pali : chakka , Tamil : Sakkeram , Chinese : , ; khorlo -RRB- is a Sanskrit word that translates as '' wheel '' or '' turning '' .
In 1908 , inspired by both their own interest in folk music and by the contemporary resurgence of interest in traditional national culture , he and Kodály travelled into the countryside to collect and research old Magyar folk melodies .
Ocala is a city in Marion County , Florida .
E numbers are also encountered on food labeling in other jurisdictions , including the GCC , Australia , New Zealand and Israel .
The Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia , 6th ed .
This led him to propose his '' Mosaic '' theory of epigenesis : after a few cell divisions the embryo would be like a mosaic , each cell playing its own unique part in the entire design .
However , the term woman is also sometimes used to identify a female human , regardless of age , as in phrases such as '' Women 's rights '' .
In 1849 parts of Caldwell County , Ashe County , Wilkes County , and Yancey County were combined to form Watauga County .
Final Straw is the third album by Snow Patrol , released in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland in 2003 and in the United States in 2004 .
The azuki bean -LRB- , formerly spelled adzuki or aduki -RRB- is an annual vine widely grown throughout East Asia and the Himalayas for its small -LRB- approximately 5 mm -RRB- bean .
An economic system can be considered a part of the social system and hierarchically equal to the law system , political system , cultural , etc. .
The Chiba Lotte Marines are a professional baseball team in Japan 's Pacific League based in Chiba City , Chiba Prefecture , in the KantÅ region , and owned by the Lotte conglomerate .
In July 1942 , Margot Frank received a call-up notice from the Zentralstelle fÃ 1\/4 r jÃ 1\/4 dische Auswanderung -LRB- Central Office for Jewish Emigration -RRB- ordering her to report for relocation to a work camp .
Daignac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Sidcup went on to form part of the London Borough of Bexley in Greater London and Chislehurst formed part of the London Borough of Bromley .
The total population as of the 2000 census was 3,696 persons with almost 85 percent living in its only town of Avalon -LRB- pop .
She is going to sacrifice her own freedom by taking Lulu 's place so that nobody will discover she has escaped until it is too late .
Singers perform music known as songs that can either be sung a cappella -LRB- without accompaniment -RRB- or accompanied by musicians and instruments ranging from a single instrumentalist to a full symphony orchestra or big band .
The current music director is Michael Tilson Thomas , who has held the position since September 1995 .
Gammer -LRB- real name Matt Lee -RRB- is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
He won the European Cup Winners ' Cup with Hamburger SV in 1977 , was runner-up with them in the European Cup in 1980 after winning the Bundesliga title the season before .
At its 1986 Ard Fheis , Sinn FÃ in delegates passed a resolution to amend the rules and constitution that would allow its members to sit in the Dublin parliament -LRB- Leinster House\/D Ã il Ã ireann -RRB- .
Principal photography for the film began in July 1995 in New York City , and the film was officially completed on June 20 , 1996 .
The pronunciation in Japanese is usually '' shamisen '' -LRB- in western Japan , and often in Edo-period sources '' samisen '' -RRB- but sometimes '' jamisen '' when used as a suffix -LRB- e.g. , Tsugaru-jamisen -RRB- .
In line with the event 's location and tagline , WrestleMania 21 was promoted on television with a series of parody movie trailers with WWE talent playing the starring roles from famous modern movies .
Climate commitment describes the fact that climate reacts with a delay to influencing factors -LRB- '' climate forcings '' -RRB- such as the presence of greenhouse gases .
He joined West Ham United in July 2006 , having made a total of 31 league and cup appearances for Chelsea , scoring eight goals .
Interpretations For instance , consider a room in which the temperature is given by a scalar field , so at each point the temperature is -LRB- we will assume that the temperature does not change in time -RRB- .
Her younger sister , Chika Suguri , is also a figure skater .
Cricketer Stan McCabe , cyclist Reggie McNamara and tennis player Jan Lehane were born in Grenfell .
In the Roman Catholic Church , the Anglican Communion , and the Lutheran Church he is a saint and pre-eminent Doctor of the Church , and the patron of the Augustinian religious order ; his memorial is celebrated 28 August .
Aarre Merikanto -LRB- 29 June 1893 , Helsinki - 29 September 1958 -RRB- was a Finnish composer .
José Perácio Berjun , also known as José Perácio -LRB- born in Nova Lima , November 2 , 1917 dead in Rio de Janeiro , March 10 , 1977 -RRB- was a Brazilian footballer in striker role .
The thread switching latency is the time needed by the operating system to switch the CPU to another thread .
Minneapolis-Saint Paul is the most populous urban area in the state of Minnesota , United States , and is composed of 186 cities and townships .
was an early practitioner and exponent of the elaborate style of cooking known as haute cuisine , the '' high art '' of French cooking : a grandiose style of cookery favored by both international royalty and by the newly rich of Paris .
Frith had previously worked for a number of other radio stations including American Forces Radio and Television Service -LRB- AFRTS -RRB- -LRB- in Keflavik , Iceland ; Anchorage , Alaska ; and Nea Makri , Greece -RRB- , KFQD -LRB- in Anchorage -RRB- , and WBCK -LRB- in Battle Creek , Michigan -RRB- .
This small eye was surrounded by a ring of deep convection , with cloud-top temperatures of about .
The feature that is most often the cause of chirality in molecules is the presence of an asymmetric carbon atom.Org anic Chemistry -LRB- 4th Edition -RRB- Paula Y. BruiceOrganic Chemistry -LRB- 3th Edition -RRB- Marye Anne Fox , James K. Whitesell
Stockport County A.F.C. -LRB- -RRB- is an English football club based in Stockport , Greater Manchester , England .
Burton Stephen '' Burt '' Lancaster -LRB- November 2 , 1913 - October 20 , 1994 -RRB- was an American film actor noted for his athletic physique and distinctive smile -LRB- which he called '' The Grin '' -RRB- .
Teruo Iwamoto -LRB- born 2 May 1972 in Yokohama , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Demonstrating a talent with the instrument , she performed at her local church , but her concert debut , a classical recital , was given when she was twelve .
Les Monceaux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Romagne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Life & Times of Michael K is a 1983 novel by South African-born author J. M. Coetzee , winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature for the year 2003 .
It is used as an abortifacient in the first two months of pregnancy , and in smaller doses as an emergency contraceptive .
The album was not as successful as her debut , partly due to the album 's less '' poppy '' sound , as well as underpromotion from her label DreamWorks Records .
It is situated north of the Nationalpark Berchtesgaden .
In 1905 , while performing in Victorien Sardou 's La Tosca in Rio de Janeiro , Bernhardt injured her right knee when jumping off the parapet in the final scene .
Worldwide , violence is used as a tool of manipulation and also is an area of concern for law and culture which take attempts to suppress and stop it .
In 1980 , he transmuted several thousand atoms of bismuth into gold at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory .
ISBN 0-521-47466-3 .
There were three new sections introduced , first was a sponsored partwork the initial one to be a cookery book ; then a colour comic supplement -LRB- an innovation in the British Sunday newspaper market -RRB- ; and lastly , a magazine - You magazine .
It was filmed during 2001 and aired from October 11 , 2001 - January 10 , 2002 on CBS .
Martin was born in Waco , Texas , and raised in Southern California , where his early influences were working at Disneyland and Knott 's Berry Farm and working magic and comedy acts at these and other smaller venues in the area .
The town is about north of Lewisporte and Gander .
The Turkic languages may be divided into six branches -LRB- Johanson 1998 -RRB- : Lars Johanson , The History of Turkic .
In 1948 , the Soviets tried to force the issue and expel the western allies from Berlin by imposing a land blockade on the western sectors .
FrÃ dÃ ric DÃ hu -LRB- born 24 October 1972 in Villeparisis , Seine-et-Marne -RRB- is a retired French footballer , who played as a central defender .
Meowth , known as in original Japanese language versions , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak 's Pokémon franchise .
B-17s were used in early battles of the Pacific with little success , notably the Battle of Coral Sea and Battle of Midway .
The ISA is roughly the same as the programming model of a processor as seen by an assembly language programmer or compiler writer . The ISA includes the execution model , processor registers , address and data formats among other things .
The larger town is equipped with a high school and middle school , while the surrounding towns have elementary schools as well , but no secondary schools .
'' Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit '' -LRB- You Our Ancient Land -RRB- is the national anthem of Greenland , an autonomous province of Denmark .
La Cambe is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It was discovered by Pascu , Seidelmann , Baum and Currie in 1980 from ground-based observations , and was provisionally designated .
See also Religion in Vanuatu .
The music , sometimes called el bambuco , is thought to be of African origin , but took a cultural foothold in the Andean region of Colombia and Venezuela and has spread in popularity throughout Latin America .
The station is shared between East Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR East -RRB- and Keisei Electric Railway .
References External links Studylight version of The Wycliffe Bible -LRB- 1395 -RRB- Searchable by phrase or chapter/verse reference .
birth_place = Villeneuve-Loubet , France
Until recently , Nepal has been the world 's largest producer of large cardamom .
In 1954 , Dulles was named Man of the Year in Time Magazine .
Rey Mysterio went on to feud with John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield -LRB- JBL -RRB- over the World Heavyweight Championship .
Cinema in Karachi or Kariwood had its golden days in 1960s when some of the prominent film studios were located in Karachi , making films for the viewership of a large and growing middle class as well working-class population .
These ideas were expanded by Daly -LRB- 1940 -RRB- Daly , R. 1940 Strength and structure of the Earth .
Gifhorn -LRB- -RRB- is a district in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The president is forced to sell the Dolphin , and it is replaced by an unnamed ship -LRB- called the '' Hocotate Ship '' in Super Smash Bros. .
This wave information travels across the air-filled middle ear cavity via a series of delicate bones : the malleus -LRB- hammer -RRB- , incus -LRB- anvil -RRB- and stapes -LRB- stirrup -RRB- .
Typical Austrian dishes include Wiener Schnitzel , Schweinsbraten , Kaiserschmarren , Knödel , Sachertorte and Tafelspitz .
Gerald Mervin Vanenburg -LRB- born 5 March 1964 in Utrecht -RRB- is a former Dutch footballer .
So someone can take public domain software and create a derivative work from it , and license it with a very proprietary license , which has many rules on what you are not allowed to do with it .
Their equivalent in other nations is the county or arrondissement .
The District of Yamoussoukro is the official capital city of Côte d'Ivoire .
The reasons that forced Cervantes to leave Castile remain uncertain .
He studied conducting with his father Nikolai Anosov at the Moscow Conservatory and piano with Lev Oborin .
Achiet-le-Petit is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
In the UK , it was the first of four Osbourne albums to attain Silver certification -LRB- 60,000 units sold -RRB- by the British Phonographic Industry , achieving this in August 1981 .
Some plants make use of abiotic vectors -- namely wind -LRB- anemophily -RRB- or , much less commonly , water -LRB- hydrophily -RRB- .
In Turkey , the team 's other test driver Sakon Yamamoto completed the first practice session , setting the slowest time of the session .
'' Some critics have called Master of Puppets the best metal album ever recorded '' , Huey noted .
Typical plot lines involve Hercules and Iolaus saving rustic villagers from monsters , evil warlords or the often selfish whims of the gods .
Along with the university administration , the Museum of Earth Sciences and four of the main faculties - Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics , the Faculty of Geology , the Faculty of Geography , and the Faculty of Fine and Performing Arts - now reside in the Main building .
These are traditionally the first towns in both New Hampshire and the U.S. to vote in presidential primaries and elections .
Between these degrees he worked as a demonstrator and part-time lecturer at the University of St. Andrew 's Natural History Department .
With a population of approximately 91,000 , it is the third-largest city in the country .
Charles Monroe Tesreau was an American Major League Baseball player .
In line with its status as a major port and the country 's largest metropolis , it accounts for a lion 's share of Pakistan 's revenue .
Honfleur is a commune in the Norman département of Calvados in France , located on the southern bank of the estuary of the Seine , across from le Havre and very close to the exit of the Pont de Normandie .
For a detailed discussion of the differences , see '' Biblical canon '' .
It elects one Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- by the first past the post system of election .
Crab spiders do not build webs to trap prey , but are hunters and ambushers .
Anna Kavan was born in France to British parents .
Uses UHF and VHF are the most commonly used frequency bands for transmission of television signals .
She also started appearing in Comcast 's XFinity ads that are prevalent in both the Internet and television in the United States , mainly with two different laptops and two different colored Persian cats .
Born in Ghent , New York , Van Ness was the son of Judge Peter Van Ness -LRB- 1734-1804 -RRB- .
Bertrand-Jean Redon , better known as Odilon Redon -LRB- April 20 , 1840July 6 , 1916 -RRB- was a French Symbolist painter , printmaker , draughtsman and pastellist .
Although Viscaceae and Eremolepidaceae were placed in a broadly-defined Santalaceae by Angiosperm Phylogeny Group II , DNA data indicates that they evolved independently .
The natural minor scale is the sixth mode -LRB- or Aeolian mode -RRB- of the major scale .
Leeds -LRB- -RRB- is a city and metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire , England .
Alittihad -LRB- -RRB- is a Libyan football club based in Bab Ben Geshier - Tripoli , Libya .
Xenia wrote on March 15 , 1910 that she could n't understand '' ... the attitude of Alix and the children to that sinister Grigory -LRB- whom they consider to be almost a saint , when in fact he 's only a khlyst ! -RRB- ''
An autotroph can produce its own energy through photosynthesis through the inputs of light , carbon dioxide and H2O .
The universe appears to have no net electric charge , and therefore gravity appears to be the dominant interaction on cosmological length scales .
This use of '' project '' changed in the 1950s with the introduction of several techniques for project management .
MeshName = Liver
A sugar cookie is a cookie made from sugar , flour , butter , eggs , vanilla , and either baking powder or baking soda .
Two angles that sum to a straight angle -LRB- 180 ° -RRB- are called supplementary angles .
Salvia pratensis -LRB- Meadow Clary or Meadow Sage -RRB- is a herbaceous perennial in the family Lamiaceae , native to Europe , western Asia and northern Africa .
An Invitation to Contemporary Japanese 1st edition McGraw-Hill 1993 , page 29 '' The Japanese Writing System -LRB-/O2/O-RRB- Katakana '' -LRB- called gairaigo -RRB- .
G is the shear modulus or more commonly the modulus of rigidity and is usually given in gigapascals -LRB- GPa -RRB- , lbf/in2 -LRB- psi -RRB- , or lbf/ft2 .
The Crown-of-Thorns is endemic to tropical coral reefs in the Red Sea , the Indian Ocean , and the Pacific Ocean .
In 1854 he ggot his degree in mathematics from Cambrighe .
It is a computer program designed for document-oriented applications .
Richard '' Ricky '' Sbragia -LRB- born 26 May 1956 -RRB- is a Scottish former footballer and manager .
Sum 41 is a Canadian rock band from Ajax , Ontario , active since 1996 .
Duchamp continued to play in the French Championships and also in the Olympiads from 1928 â '' 1933 , favoring hypermodern openings such as the Nimzo-Indian .
RC2 is vulnerable to a related-key attack using 234 chosen plaintexts -LRB- Kelsey et al . , 1997 -RRB- .
Happy Science is a new religious and spiritual movement founded in Japan in October 1986 by Ryuho Okawa .
Before the 18th century , San Juan Creek and its tributary , Trabuco Creek , had indigenous names , but these are thus far unknown .
Chapter VI allows for new states to be made , or allowed to join the Commonwealth .
Many attempts were made to broker a two-state solution , which would entail the creation of an independent Palestinian state alongside an independent Jewish state -LRB- until 1948 -RRB- or next to the State of Israel -LRB- after Israel 's establishment in 1948 -RRB- .
On January 1 , 2006 Silly had a total population of 7,995 .
On their way to Mordor , Frodo and Sam capture Gollum , who has been following them from Moria , and force him to guide them to Mordor .
St. Margaret 's Chapel
Ryuji Kawai -LRB- , born July 14 , 1978 in Saitama , Japan -RRB- is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Consadole Sapporo .
The scaphoid contributes to the stability of the midcarpus as it articulates distally with the trapezium and the trapezoid .
Kei Omoto -LRB- born July 21 , 1984 in Chiba -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Adams was appointed to the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work .
Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil , with a population of 14,726 inhabitants -LRB- 2007 - IBGE -RRB- .
The original name of the city of San José de Ocoa was El Maniel .
The cause for this evolution is seen in the climate change .
Orphaned Land combines folk metal with progressive and doom\/death metal while Ensiferum mix folk music on top of a power and death metal hybrid . A few groups are also known to incorporate the styles of other music genres outside of heavy metal .
John Gager 's book entitled Curse Tablets and Binding Spells from the Ancient World , explains that scholars from Antiquity , like Christian philosopher Clement of Alexandria -LRB- ca .
Division One of the Welsh Football League is at Level 2 of the Welsh football league system , immediately below the national Welsh Premier League .
Network computing refers to computers working together over a network as opposed to stand alone computers like laptops and home computers .
In 1961 , President John F. Kennedy announced a goal of landing a man on the moon by the end of the decade .
Incheon has established itself as the true hub of Northeast Asia with the world renowned Incheon International Airport and Incheon Port .
At the policy level , common goals of agriculture include : Conservation Economic stability Environmental impact Food quality : Ensuring that the food supply is of a consistent and known quality .
Primary -LRB- or elementary -RRB- education consists of the first 5 -- 7 years of formal , structured education .
There is a general standardization of the various styles of calligraphy in the East Asian tradition .
His term as president ended on June 10 , 1967 .
In 1964 the Admiralty was subsumed into the Ministry of Defense along with the War Office and the Air Ministry .
It received generally positive reviews and opened at number two , taking in $ 10.1 million its first weekend , spending two weeks in the top ten , and totaling a domestic box office gross of $ 25.5 million and a foreign box office gross of $ 13.3 million .
Some Linux-based Live CD systems also use snapshots to simulate read-write access on a read-only compact disc .
125-166 pointing out instead that birds and some theropods are only convergently similar .
However , riboflavin deficiency is always accompanied by deficiency of other vitamins .
Zeta Banovina , a province of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1929 and 1941
The Berber languages are a group of very closely related languages and dialects spoken in Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia , Libya , Egyptian area of Siwa , as well as by large Berber communities in parts of Niger and Mali .
A tropical wave organized into a tropical depression north-northeast of Cape Gracias a Dios , Nicaragua , on September 28 .
The name he used to board the plane was Dan Cooper , but through a later press miscommunication , he became known as '' D. B. Cooper '' .
The main island is made up of many small towns , which together form one metropolitan area with a population of 368,250 -LRB- majority of the population of the island -RRB- according to Eurostat .
He was born in Kaysersberg in the province of Alsace-Lorraine , in the German Empire .
The Secretary of the Treasury of the United States is the head of the United States Department of the Treasury , which is concerned with financial and monetary matters , and , until 2003 , also with some issues of national security and defense .
If you are affected by collateral damage from a long term range block , consider creating an account either from another computer or via an email request .
The Cybermen are a fictional race of cyborgs who are amongst the most persistent enemies of the Doctor in the British science fiction television series , Doctor Who .
In addition , she instituted a series of performances by artists at the White House in varied American traditions , from opera to bluegrass ; among the guests were The Carpenters in 1972 .
Ishman Bracey -LRB- January 9 , 1901 -- February 12 , 1970 -RRB- was an American blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi , considered one of the most important early delta blues performers .
Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Sessa is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Vasily Grigorevich Zaytsev -LRB- , ; March 23 , 1915 â '' December 15 , 1991 -RRB- was a Soviet sniper during World War II , notable particularly for his activities between November 10 and December 17 , 1942 during the Battle of Stalingrad .
One-man melting pot ready to take on King Newt His father 's maternal grandmother , Marie Louise de Pfeffel , was a descendant of Prince Paul of Württemberg through his relationship with a German actress .
For new proposals , see .
Etymology The word volcano is thought to derive from Vulcano , a volcanic island in the Aeolian Islands of Italy whose name in turn originates from Vulcan , the name of a god of fire in Roman mythology .
Chinnamalai , his two brothers and Karuppan were brought to the tree on the day of the hanging .
Idrottsklubben Sleipner is a sports club in Norrköping , Sweden ; the main sports are football and ten-pin bowling .
However , Tipu died at the Sriranga Patnam front again due to treachery and betrayal as it is so common among the Shia Muslim world .
Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre , 1st Marquess of the Gardens of Aranjuez -LRB- November 22 , 1901July 6 , 1999 -RRB- , commonly known as Joaquín Rodrigo , was a composer of classical music and a virtuoso pianist .
Weimar -LRB- -RRB- is a city in Germany famous for its cultural heritage .
In the case of the north Indian ocean , the formation of this type of vortex leads to the onset of monsoon rains during the wet season .
Gary Winston Lineker -LRB- pronounced lin-uh-kuh : -RRB- , OBE -LRB- born 30 November 1960 -RRB- is a former English footballer , who played as a striker .
Carl Friedrich Christian Mohs -LRB- 29 January 1773 â '' 29 September 1839 -RRB- was a German geologist\/mineralogist .
Best eye response -LRB- E -RRB- There are 4 grades starting with the most severe : No eye opening Eye opening in response to pain .
Each nth letter is compared with the nth letter of other words in the list , starting at the first letter of each word and advancing to the second , third , fourth , and so on , until the order is established .
John Brumby was born in Melbourne . He was educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and then later , Melbourne Grammar School .
The central BundeslÃ nder Salzburg , Upper Austria , Tyrol and Lower Austria follow with the share of Muslim population at around the average .
It is named after Clarence S. Campbell , who served as President of the NHL from to .
Beernem is a rural municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders , located southeast of Bruges .
Abbotsford is a Canadian city located in the Fraser Valley of British Columbia , adjacent to Metro Vancouver .
Cossesseville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Sendets is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is the chief city of the Canton of Calvi , which contains Calvi and one other commune , Lumio .
He was a member of the Academy of Esperanto and an honorary member of the World Esperanto Association , writing several books -LRB- essays and novels -RRB- in that language .
The Endeavour River -LRB- Guugu Yimithirr : Wabalumbaal -RRB- on Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland , Australia , was named in 1770 by Lt. James Cook , R.N. , after he was forced to beach his ship , HM Bark Endeavour , for repairs in the river mouth , after damaging it on a reef .
Raskolnikov , the anti-hero of Dostoevskyâ s novel Crime and Punishment , puts this philosophy into action when he kills an elderly pawnbroker and her sister , later rationalizing this act to himself with the words , '' ... it wasnâ t a human being I killed , it was a principle ! ''
Tallest specimens Eucalyptus regnans is the tallest of all flowering plants , and possibly the tallest of all plants , although no living specimens can make that claim .
However , human knowledge and understanding of the natural environment is never complete , and therefore the boundaries of natural capital expand or contract as knowledge is gained or lost .
At this early stage it was frequently used as the lowest of the voices -LRB- including the bass -RRB- , but in 17th century Italy the term was all-encompassing and used to describe the average male choral voice .
Airways : The state has four major airports and 23 airstrips .
Amphitrite was discovered by Albert Marth on March 1 , 1854 , at the private South Villa Observatory in Regent 's Park , London .
H. D. Holland and K. K. Turekian -RRB- , Elsevier-Pergamon , Oxford Most crustal rocks formed before 2.5 billion years ago are located in cratons .
In July 2005 , during the 2005 Tour , Vinokourov 's contract was running out and speculation was abundant if he was to stay with T-Mobile .
Saint-Pierre-la-Vieille is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The external design of the car was a product of Herd 's use of Mallite sheeting -LRB- a wood-aluminium laminate composite -RRB- for the principal structural monocoque sections , a technique he pioneered on the first McLaren single-seat cars , including the McLaren M2B of 1966 .
In that period many of the capital 's residents crossed the border to drink at one of Queanbeyan 's hotels .
River morphology , the field of science dealing with changes of river planform
Thallium -LRB- I -RRB- chloride is the chemical compound with the formula TlCl .
The viola d'amore was normally tuned specifically for the piece it was to play - cf . scordatura .
The reason for this is that Vulgar Latin showed only a rudimentary tendency toward the formation of articles , while they are absent in Polish and most other Slavic languages .
The Oderbruch was partially drained and populated in the 18th century .
French Parliament passed a bill granting COM status to both the French part of Saint Martin and neighbouring Saint Barthélemy .
This is what makes bluffing possible .
Accomplishments Its most high profile work was backing legal test cases in the European Court of Human Rights .
Visp -LRB- French ViÃ ge -RRB- is the capital of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The population of the main urban area is 220,418 .
Standardization of its products ISO 23392 See also Black pea Split pea Yellow pea Black-eyed pea Sweet pea Bean Notes References Bianchini , F. & Corbetta , F. , 1976 , The Complete Book of Fruits and Vegetables .
He had his first lead role in Encino Man -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .
Berwickshire was formerly one of the ancient counties of Scotland , but was abolished in 1975 during local government reorganisation .
The strong law implies the weak law .
Year 1682 -LRB- MDCLXXXII -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a common year starting on Sunday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
The original 777-200 model first entered service in 1995 , followed by the extended-range 777-200ER in 1997 ; the stretched 777-300 , which is 33.3 f longer , began service in 1998 .
The markgraves of Brandenburg are granted Polish approval to inherit the Duchy of Prussia , creating the state of Brandenburg-Prussia .
Joseph-Armand Bombardier -LRB- April 16 , 1907 -- February 18 , 1964 -RRB- was a Canadian inventor and businessman , and was the founder of Bombardier .
Many species have developed special Faroese sub-species : Common Eider , European Starling , Winter Wren , Common Guillemot , and Black Guillemot .
The Montreal Convention , signed in 1999 , replaced the Warsaw Convention system .
Wavrans-sur-l'Aa is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Alex Salmond
The city 's main newspaper is the Tribune de Genève , with a readership of about 187,000 , a daily newspaper founded on 1 February 1879 by James T. Bates .
The co-directors for the film were Ted Berman , Richard Rich , and Art Stevens .
Notation is read from left to right , which makes setting music for right-to-left scripts difficult .
Temperatures are milder in winter , averaging around 20 ° C -LRB- 68 ° F -RRB- in the daytime .
In someone 's family , if his or her grandparents are the first generation , then the parents , aunts , and uncles are another , and that person , with his or her brothers , sisters , and cousins , are a third .
Many great artists including Sviatoslav Richter , Vladimir Ashkenazy , Elisabeth Schwarzkopf , Victoria de los Ángeles , Sergey Prokofiev , Shura Cherkassky , Paul Hindemith , Andrés Segovia , Benjamin Britten and Francis Poulenc have performed there .
Hispanic chain In Texas , the vara chain of 20 varas -LRB- 16.9 m -RRB- was used in surveying Spanish land grants .
She quit the sport amidst controversy in 1988 while at the height of her ability , due to a dispute over her conduct in a match at the World Open Nine-ball Championship of that year .
The cemetery is located at 2755 West 111th St.
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
Scottie Maurice Pippen -LRB- born September 25 , 1965 -RRB- is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
His greatest works are I Capuleti ed i Montecchi -LRB- 1830 -RRB- , La sonnambula -LRB- 1831 -RRB- , Norma -LRB- 1831 -RRB- , Beatrice di Tenda -LRB- 1833 -RRB- , and I puritani -LRB- 1835 -RRB- .
The service was about 30 minutes delayed and traveling between Wuppertal-Beyenburg and Dahlerau .
The character is also often seen making use of bombs , as in Wario Land and Wario Blast .
Carver was educated at local schools in Yakima , Washington .
Following the November 11 , 2007 show in Newcastle , Frank Iero had left the tour to return home after learning about a family member 's illness .
In his works , the tengwar script , invented by Fëanor , was used to write a number of the languages of Middle-earth , including Quenya and Sindarin .
When traveling by foot , the player character can walk , run , and perform several attacks : a normal kick , a jumping kick , and a smashing move .
Bryggen has since 1979 been on the UNESCO list for World Cultural Heritage sites .
A Chief Minister is the elected head of government of a sub-national -LRB- e.g. constituent federal -RRB- state , provinces of Pakistan , notably a state -LRB- and sometimes a union territory -RRB- of India , a territory of Australia or a British overseas territory that has attained self-government .
Bismuth -LRB- -RRB- is a chemical element that has the symbol Bi and atomic number 83 .
It is marketed today as a toy for children , but was originally created by accident during research into potential rubber substitutes for use by the United States in World War II .
By the 13th century , they governed most of present-day Karnataka , minor parts of Tamil Nadu and parts of western Andhra Pradesh in Deccan India .
In The Travels of Marco Polo , where Polo records his journey along the Silk Road , Samarkand is described as a '' a very large and splendid city ... '' Here also is related the story of a Christian church in Samarkand , which miraculously remained standing after a portion of its central supporting column was removed .
Her white , hand-beaded , one shoulder Galanos 1981 inaugural gown was estimated to cost $ 10,000 while the overall price of her inaugural wardrobe was said to cost $ 25,000 .
The Cape May Bird Observatory was founded in 1975 in Cape May , New Jersey , United States .
Playing their home games at Madison Square Garden , the Rangers are one of the oldest teams in the NHL , having joined in 1926 as an expansion franchise , and are part of the group of teams referred to as the Original Six .
Callisto has about 99 % the diameter of the planet Mercury but only about a third of its mass/O. .
The engine features HDR rendering , parallax and normal mapping , soft shadows , motion blur , widescreen support , weather effects and day\/night cycles .
Disney sold the franchise in 2005 to Henry & Susan Samueli , who changed the name of the team to the Anaheim Ducks before the 2006 -- 07 season .
Moundou is the second largest city in Chad , and is the capital of the region of Logone Occidental .
What is an LD50 and LC50 It is being phased out in some jurisdictions in favor of tests such as the Fixed Dose Procedure , LD50 test ban welcomed however the concept , and calculation of the median lethal dose for comparison purposes , is still widely used .
Rotary dial , a device for the input of numbers in telephones and similar devices
Nuri KÃ cents zÄ m Å ahin -LRB- born 5 September 1988 in LÃ 1\/4 denscheid -RRB- is a German-born Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Borussia Dortmund .
He resides in Blue Bell , Pennsylvania USA , where he also maintains a post office box , the international headquarters of the KLI .
By the 12th and 13th centuries , Gregorian chant had supplanted or marginalized all the other Western plainchant traditions .
Judas Iscariot , -LRB- , Yehuda , -RRB- was , according to the New Testament , one of the twelve original apostles of Jesus , and is best known for betraying Jesus into the hands of the chief priests/O. , , , , , , ,
A total of 30 human blood group systems are now recognized by the International Society of Blood Transfusion -LRB- ISBT -RRB- .
Ahtisaari was a UN Special Envoy at the Kosovo status process negotiations , aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in Kosovo , which declared its independence from Serbia in 2008 .
The Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland deals with any complaints regarding the PSNI and investigates any allegations of misconduct by police officers .
Ante StarÄ eviÄ -LRB- ; 23 May 1823 -- 28 February 1896 -RRB- , often refered as Father of Homeland was a Croatian politician and writer , whose activities and works laid the foundations for the modern Croatian state .
The typical episode loosely follows the President and his staff through their day , generally following several plots connected by some idea or theme .
The return of Saturday Night 's Main Event to NBC also led to more interaction between the brands .
In 1963 , after approval by referendum of the voters of the City of Virginia Beach and Princess Anne County , and with the approval of the Virginia General Assembly , the two political subdivisions were consolidated as a new , much larger independent city , retaining the better-known name of the Virginia Beach resort .
It is situated in the western central part of Bhutan and the name of the surrounding valley is dzongkhag , the Thimphu District .
1997 & ndash ; Egon Krenz , the former East German leader , is convicted of a shoot-to-kill policy at the Berlin Wall .
After serving in several party offices , he was appointed Minister of the Interior by Chancellor Willy Brandt , whose Social Democratic Party was in coalition with the FDP , in 1969 ; in 1974 , he became foreign minister and Vice Chancellor .
Serena , also played by Elizabeth Montgomery , is credited as '' Pandora Spocks '' from 1969 to 1972 .
Lady Delacour : A fashionable bel esprit -LRB- woman of wit -RRB- , who Belinda at first considers '' the most agreeable -- no , that is too feeble an expression -- the most fascinating person she had ever beheld . ''
Kaká made a total of 58 appearances for São Paulo , scoring 23 times .
Year 25 -LRB- XXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Holderbank is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Bilateria -LRB- -RRB- are all animals having a bilateral symmetry , i.e. they have a front and a back end , as well as an upside and downside .
Rotor -LRB- software project -RRB- , the former code name for Microsoft 's shared source implementation of its Common Language Infrastructure
Dar es Salaam is actually an administrative province within Tanzania , and consists of three local government areas or administrative districts : Kinondoni to the north , Ilala in the center of the region , and Temeke to the south .
It is the largest mountain in the region and has been nicknamed the '' Giant of Provence '' , or '' The Bald Mountain '' .
The parentheses are now often dropped , as in 90377 Sedna , according to the preference of the astronomer or journal .
Her work on controlling elements and gene regulation was conceptually difficult and was not immediately understood or accepted by her contemporaries ; she described the reception of her research as '' puzzlement , even hostility '' .
The western section linking Geelong and Melbourne is an important commuter and freight route between the two cities ; the eastern section links Melbourne with the Latrobe Valley .
Saint-Andr é - Goule-d ` Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Development -LRB- differential geometry -RRB- , the process of rolling one surface over another
Tropical lows intensifying into tropical cyclones in all other areas between 90 Â E and 160 Â E as well as the Equator and 40 Â S are named by the Bureau of Meteorology of Australia .
However , many patients suffer for years before seeking help .
Francisco James '' Frankie '' Muniz IV -LRB- born December 5 , 1985 -RRB- is an American actor , musician , writer , producer , and racecar driver .
The club was originally formed in 1909 as Levante FC , taking their name from the beach '' Levante '' in La Malvarrosa .
However , mania is most often associated with bipolar disorder , where episodes of mania may alternate with episodes of major depression .
The park is located on AgustÃ n Ross Avenue , in front of Ross Casino . The hotel was originally named Gran Hotel Pichilemu -LRB- Great Hotel Pichilemu -RRB- .
The Active Worlds client runs on Windows .
Sunflowers can be used to extract toxic ingredients from soil , such as lead , arsenic and uranium .
Initially these techniques could only be implemented on expensive mainframes or supercomputers due to the amount of circuitry needed for these techniques .
Gabriela Mistral -LRB- April 7 , 1889 -- January 10 , 1957 -RRB- was the pseudonym of Lucila de MarÃ a del Perpetuo Socorro Godoy Alcayaga , a Chilean poet , educator , diplomat , and feminist who was the first Latin American to win the Nobel Prize in Literature , in 1945 .
The Malvern Hills , which run from the south of the county into Herefordshire , are made up mainly of volcanic igneous rock and metamorphic rock , some of which date from before 1200 million years ago .
When incorporated as part of the Union Flag during the 17th century , the dark blue applied to Union Flags destined for maritime use was possibly selected on the basis of the durability of darker dyes , with this dark blue shade eventually becoming standard on Union Flags both at sea and on land .
In absolute terms , the United States currently has the largest inmate population in the world , with more than 2 1/2 million or more than one in a hundred adults in prison and jails .
Seven men lost their lives in the wreckage of several Cuban schooners at Punta Gorda .
Under the constitution of 1868 , executive power is exercised by the Grand Duke and the cabinet , which consists of several other ministers .
Film Arnold also wrote many film scores , winning an Academy Award for The Bridge on the River Kwai -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , and also providing music for The Belles of St Trinian 's -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , The Inn of the Sixth Happiness -LRB- 1958 -RRB- and Whistle Down the Wind -LRB- 1961 -RRB- .
The city is located from the Black Sea along the estuary of the Southern Buh river -LRB- where it meets the Inhul River -RRB- . .
CA10186 -RRB- is a concrete gravity arch dam across the Sacramento River in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest of Shasta County , California .
Note : Some of the tengwar used in this article may not display properly unless tengwar fonts are installed .
Uncle Tom at Home , & c , Phila/LOCATION. , 1853 .
A sampler is an electronic musical instrument similar in some respects to a synthesizer but , instead of generating sounds , it uses recordings -LRB- or '' samples '' -RRB- of sounds that are loaded or recorded into it by the user and then played back by means of a keyboard , sequencer or other triggering device to perform or compose music .
It is located in the southeastern part of the province , bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province -LRB- the Murree Hills area -RRB- .
Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- born February 21 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actress , television director , voice actress , singer-songwriter , author , and film and television producer .
The Road is a one way street which starts at the junction of Cross Street , Central Boulevard and Raffles Quay and ends at Keppel Road .
In 1935 , she represented Czechoslovakia in 5th WWCh in Warsaw -LRB- +9 -- 0 = 0 -RRB- .
Marc Overmars -LRB- born 29 March 1973 in Emst , Gelderland -RRB- is a retired Dutch football player .
It is located east of Crater Creek at outlet of Melita Lake , southeast of Gitlakdamix and north of Terrace , British Columbia , Canada .
5212 m -RRB- is a mountain pass through the Himalayas located between Nanda Devi and Nanda Kot peaks in the Uttarakhand state in the districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar in India .
Overview Blackburn Rovers won the First Division title for the first time .
1852 & ndash ; Jacobus Henricus van ` t Hoff , Dutch physical and organic chemist , Nobel laureate -LRB- d. 1911 -RRB-
He later became the maître d' at Rickey 's Lounge restaurant .
Three main varieties of Australian English are spoken according to linguists : Broad , General and Cultivated .
In the first year of its foundation , Anton LaVey and the Church of Satan publicly performed a Satanic marriage of Judith Case and journalist John Raymond .
All teachers in Germany are now trained in that method during their pedagogic studies .
Jeu de paume was originally a French precursor of tennis played without racquets .
Ross Brann , a professor of Judeo-Islamic studies at Cornell University in Ithaca , stated that Wikipedia lacks a process of scholarly review , saying , '' They could make up your life if they wanted to . ''
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core , and thus a varying magnetic field through the secondary winding .
The origin of the term atlas is a common source of misconception , perhaps because two different mythical figures named ` Atlas ' are associated with map making .
The present castle was erected in 1613 .
Unlike routing , bridging makes no assumptions about where in a network a particular address is located .
Fewer in numbers , the Red Kangaroo occupies the arid and semi-arid centre of the continent .
Bo Diddley -LRB- December 30 , 1928 -- June 2 , 2008 -RRB- was the stage name for Ellas Otha Bates , an American rock and roll vocalist , guitarist , songwriter , and inventor .
'' Benward & Saker -LRB-/O2003/O-RRB- .
Neam -LRB- -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in the historic region of Moldavia , with the county seat at Piatra Neam .
Since nuclear energy and nuclear weapons technologies are closely related , military aspirations can act as a factor in energy policy decisions .
Basingstoke is a town in north east Hampshire , in south central England .
Mont Ventoux -LRB- in classical norm or in Mistralian norm -RRB- is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
Other versions have additional letters -- such as k , w , and z -- that were uncommon or missing in the Latin language , and nonsense words such as Z. zril , takimata , and gubergren added to the original passage to achieve a distribution of letters that more closely approximates English .
Monica Yunus , his elder daughter , is a Bangladeshi-Russian American operatic soprano , working in New York City .
Eager to get to church , she ran out of her house still holding the frying pan complete with pancake , and still wearing her apron and headscarf .
The two performed at clubs in Nashville , Tennessee .
In an interview with ABC7 reporter Alan Wang , Ayers stated that '' Now that 's being blown into dishonest narratives about hurting people , killing people , planning to kill people .
Michael Diamond , better known as Mike D -LRB- born November 20 , 1965 -RRB- , is a founding member of New York hip hop group the Beastie Boys .
Courset is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Happiness is a state of mind or feeling characterized by contentment , satisfaction , pleasure , or joy .
Launching the new radio program on January 2 , 1944 , still called '' Songs in the Night , '' Graham recruited the baritone George Beverly Shea as his director of radio ministry .
The Iceland national football team is the national football team of Iceland and is controlled by the Football Association of Iceland .
Endemic to Papua New Guinea , the Curl-crested Manucode is distributed to the Trobriand Islands and islands of the D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago .
Sainte-Hélène , Gironde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Arrondissement of Largentière , -LRB- subprefecture : Largentière -RRB- with 10 cantons and 103 communes .
The Big Mac Index is published by The Economist as an informal way of measuring the purchasing power parity -LRB- PPP -RRB- between two currencies and provides a test of the extent to which market exchange rates result in goods costing the same in different countries .
RaÃ l Bravo SanfÃ lix -LRB- born 14 April 1981 in Gandia , Valencia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Olympiacos F.C. in Greece .
Forbes is probably named after Sir Francis Forbes , first Chief Justice of N.S.W.
The Lord Howe Island stick insect , Dryococelus australis , is a species of stick insect which lives on the Lord Howe Island Group . It was thought to be extinct by 1930 , only to be rediscovered in 2001 -LRB- this phenomenon is known as the Lazarus effect -RRB- .
They may also customize their Wikimedia interface and its options as they wish , via Special : Preferences or by adding personal CSS or JavaScript rules to their vector .
It was believed that the city of Kazan is named after this object because of its geographical similarity with a '' qazan '' - pan ; namely the city is situated in a U-shaped lowland .
Giancarlo de Sisti -LRB- born 13 March 1943 in Rome -RRB- is a former Italian footballer and football manager .
He then returned to the United Kingdom and moved to the Orkney Islands , initially to Hoy in 1971 , and later to Sanday , where he lives with his partner Colin Parkinson .
The stadium plays host to the home matches of Scottish Premier League club Motherwell .
Lost Boys -LRB-/O1992/O-RRB- is the first horror novel and short story by author Orson Scott Card .
The track 's being in a natural valley means that about 80 percent of the racetrack is visible from any point .
In fluid dynamics , gravity waves are waves generated in a fluid medium or at the interface between two media -LRB- e.g. the atmosphere and the ocean -RRB- which has the restoring force of gravity or buoyancy .
While Alexandr Dolgopolov upset Tsonga coming back two sets to one down to win .
Those that are blocked -LRB- again , primarily schools -RRB- , are commonly blocked repeatedly and for long periods -LRB- up to a year at a time -RRB- for blatant vandalism .
The Thirteen Colonies were part of what became known as British America , a name that was used by Great Britain until the Treaty of Paris recognized the independence of the original thirteen United States of America in 1783 .
On 35 mm film -LRB- for example -RRB- , the lens is typically optimized to focus sharply on a small area approaching the size of the film frame .
The Borrowdale was a First Fleet storeship of 272 tons , built in Sunderland in 1785 .
Rolls-Royce Eagle -LRB-/O1944/O-RRB- , an H-24 aircraft engine of the late 1940s
'' Tearin ' Us Apart '' - 2:36
The Canucks missed the playoffs the two seasons thereafter .
The Antonine Wall is a stone and turf fortification built by the Romans across what is now the Central Belt of Scotland , between the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Clyde .
The Pope governs the Catholic Church through the Roman Curia .
Characters and behaviors in the movie are based on Fey 's high school life at Upper Darby High School and on the non-fiction book Queen Bees and Wannabes by Rosalind Wiseman .
Speaking about Windows 7 on October 16 , 2008 , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer confirmed compatibility between Vista and Windows 7 , indicating that Windows 7 would be a refined version of Windows Vista .
Donington was given an extended two week deadline to prove it had the funds to host the 2010 British Grand Prix , however , on 22 October 2009 , fundraising attempts fell through . Ecclestone later confirmed that Donington would not be hosting the British Grand Prix .
The city of Phoenix is served by a city council consisting of a mayor and eight city council members .
'' Goodbye '' -LRB- Stanley -RRB- -- 4:09
Kevin is diagnosed with Morquio syndrome . -RRB-
Guantánamo is the easternmost province of Cuba .
Vulcan 's oldest shrine in Rome , called the Vulcanal , was situated at the foot of the Capitoline in the Forum Romanum , and was reputed to date to the archaic period of the kings of Rome , and to have been established on the site by Titus Tatius , the Sabine co-king , with a traditional date in the 8th century BC .
Hauser is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
They all obtained independence in that same year .
By then quite famous , Toft was brought to London and studied at length , where under intense scrutiny and producing no more rabbits she confessed to the hoax , and was subsequently imprisoned as a fraud .
See also areas of other orders of magnitude .
Fuchsia -LRB- -RRB- is a genus of flowering plants , mostly shrubs , and can grow long shoots , which were identified by Charles Plumier in the late 17th century , and named by Plumier in 1703 after the German botanist Leonhart Fuchs -LRB- 1501 -- 1566 -RRB- .
A yard -LRB- abbreviation : yd -RRB- is a unit of length in several different systems , including English units , Imperial units , and United States customary units .
Magic Lantern is deployed as an e-mail attachment .
Probability theory is the branch of mathematics concerned with analysis of random phenomena .
-RRB-
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
Tar was used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .
Was the use of violence to oppose the violence of slavery and the breaking of proslavery laws morally defensible ?
Microsoft -- the newest major player in the market , releasing the Xbox and Xbox 360 consoles .
A boat drawn by a swan appears on the river and in it stands a knight in shining armor .
-LRB- English translation of the book with the same title published in Greek -RRB- .
Bussiares is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Ébouleau is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Sainte-Radegonde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This unit produced three to four films per year until 1936 , migrating to Hungary and then Austria in the face of Hitler 's increasing domination of central Europe .
Roman Jacek Giertych -LRB- ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland -RRB- is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
In the name , as in that of quicksilver -LRB- mercury -RRB- , '' quick '' does not mean '' fast , '' but '' living '' -LRB- cf.
Caliban are a five-piece metalcore band from GermanyEncyclopaedia Metallum - Caliban .
Sessions every week run from beginners up to serious training .
On the several parallel '' sierras '' or mountain ranges running along the center of Chiapas , climate can be quite temperate and foggy , allowing the development of cloud forests like those of the Reserva de la Biosfera el Triunfo , home to a handful of Resplendent Quetzals and Horned Guans .
The music was officially adopted by the government in 1952 , Notas de la danza : La Borinqueña and the words in 1977La Fortaleza , Simbolos Patrios : Himno de Puerto Rico .
His eye is taken by a young Polish boy , Tadzio , in whom he sees unnatural beauty -LRB- ` Surely the soul of Greece ; Lies in that bright perfection ; ... Mortal child with more than mortal grace ' -RRB- .
He was hired as an assistant animator by Walt Disney Studios in 1945 .
Born in Corbridge , Northumberland , he was a promising schoolboy footballer but was rejected by a number of professional clubs .
In television , a season premiere refers to the first episode of a new television season for a series that has been renewed .
The end of the kingdom Wilhelm I 's grandson Kaiser Wilhelm II abdicated in 1918 as a result of Germany 's defeat in the First World War .
It is the county seat of Warren County .
BBC Learning English is a department of the BBC World Service devoted to English language teaching .
Villa de San Agustin de Laredo was founded in 1755 by Don TomÃ s SÃ nchez while the area was part of the Nuevo Santander region in the Spanish colony of New Spain . Villa de San Agustin de Laredo got its name from Laredo , Cantabria , Spain and in honor of Saint Augustine of Hippo .
His title of elector of the Palatinate was given to his distant cousin Duke Maximilian of Bavaria .
Pierres is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Significant Tamil emigration began in the 18th century , when the British colonial government sent many poor Tamils as indentured labourers to far-off parts of the Empire , especially Malaya , South Africa , Fiji , Mauritius and the Caribbean .
The movement is named for the Abbey of Cluny in Burgundy , where it started within the Benedictine order .
Technical origami , also known as origami sekkei , is a field of origami that has developed almost hand-in-hand with the field of mathematical origami .
Jack Kirby
Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia -LRB- police -RRB- and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region .
Amritsar district is one of 20 districts in the state of Punjab in West India .
The Kingdom of Tungning -LRB- -RRB- is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng -LRB- Cheng -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- or the Kingdom of Yanping -LRB- -RRB- .
The name Kate is an acronym for KDE Advanced Text Editor .
The band consists of guitarist and vocalist Alexi Laiho -LRB- vocals , lead guitar -RRB- , Roope Latvala -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , Janne Wirman -LRB- keyboards -RRB- , Henkka Seppälä -LRB- bass -RRB- , and Jaska Raatikainen -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Tom Sermanni -LRB- born 1 July 1954 -RRB- is a Scottish association football coach and former professional player .
Famous examples of his Suprematist works include Black Square -LRB- 1915 -RRB- and White on White -LRB- 1918 -RRB- .
These tubes can be buried in the mud or sand that makes up the sea bed or can be resting on the surface of a rocky substrate , in this case they tend to live in colonies and their tubes become twisted around each other for support to form a large impenetrable mass/O. .
Admitting some of the statements were indeed humorous , he said he tries not to take any of them seriously , and he hopes that such statements will interest people in real facts about him contained in his literary works .
As with the original title , the plot of Super Mario 64 DS centers on rescuing Princess Peach from Bowser , with slight changes to accommodate the additional characters .
The particle in a 1-dimensional potential energy box is the most simple example where restraints lead to the quantization of energy levels .
Augustus Henry FitzRoy , 3rd Duke of Grafton , KG , PC -LRB- 28 September 1735 â '' 14 March 1811 -RRB- , styled Earl of Euston between 1747 and 1757 , was a British Whig statesman of the Georgian era .
MarignÃ - Peuton is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It was first released in South Korea on 31 August 2002 for Microsoft Windows and has since been released in many other locales around the world .
It is a sequel to the platform games Duke Nukem and Duke Nukem II published by Apogee .
Consequently , it was called plumbago -LRB- Latin for '' lead ore '' -RRB- .
It has been the residence of every U.S. President since John Adams .
Similarly , not all organisms that look alike necessarily have the same genotype .
Camilla '' Milly '' Rosso and Rebecca '' Becky '' Rosso -LRB- born July 6 , 1994 in England -RRB- are English identical twin actresses .
The town of Twillingate is approximately 1.5 hours from Gander and about an hour from Lewisporte .
Barely was that center up and running and its first students through their course when Young found himself a Colonel and moved from the classroom in July 1943 to be Senior British Police Officer in the Mediterranean Theatre , stationed in North Africa awaiting the invasion of Sicily .
As this was the former method of determining if a contestant was eliminated in case of a tie , a new tiebreaker format was developed .
Sellapan RamanathanYap , Sonny ; Lim , Richard ; Leong , Weng Kam -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
In late 2007 -- early 2008 , after a scheduled break from touring for the their label to secure an overseas release of Cruel Melody , Black Light Burns released a cover album titled Cover Your Heart and the Anvil Pants Odyssey that also included remixes and b-sides from Cruel Melody , and a DVD containing live and behind the scenes footage of the band .
Lewis and Harris -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : LeÃ dhas agus na Hearadh -RRB- in the Outer Hebrides make up the largest island in Scotland .
According to the text of letter , the author is the prophet Jeremiah .
True Greek salad is essentially a tomato salad made of sliced or chopped tomatoes with a few slices of cucumber , red onion , feta cheese , and kalamata olives , seasoned with salt , black pepper , oregano , and basil and dressed with olive oil .
The Art of War -LRB- -RRB- is a Chinese military treatise that was written by Sun Tzu in the 6th century BC , during the Spring and Autumn period .
Despite being introduced in late 2002 , it was not until 2004 that a winner had the option to choose a match for the World Heavyweight Championship instead of the WWE Championship at WrestleMania .
The Empire State Building is a 102-story landmark Art Deco skyscraper in New York City , United States , at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and West 34th Street .
His visit to Australia in 1893 led to the first conference of British colonies and territories , held in Ottawa in 1894 .
Before the United States formally entered World War II by declaring war on Japan on December 8 , 1941 , Lindbergh had been an outspoken advocate of keeping the U.S. out of the world conflict , as was his Congressman father , Charles August Lindbergh -LRB- R-MN -RRB- , during World War I , and became a leader of the anti-war America First movement .
VLC media player is a free and open source media player and multimedia framework written by the VideoLAN project .
Although she loved her husband , the marriage was often unhappy .
The proposal would have removed references to the Queen from the Constitution and replaced the Governor-General with a President nominated by the Prime Minister , but subject to the approval of a two-thirds majority of both Houses of the Parliament .
Nanaerobes are organisms that can not grow in the presence of micromolar concentrations of oxygen , but can grow with and benefit from lower -LRB- nanomolar -RRB- concentrations of oxygen .
With Tommy Johnson , he was the center of a small Jackson , Mississippi group of blues musicians in the 1920s .
Network SouthEast -LRB- NSE -RRB- was one of three passenger sectors of British Rail created in 1982 .
The vascular cambium is the source of both the secondary xylem -LRB- inwards , towards the pith -RRB- and the secondary phloem -LRB- outwards -RRB- , and is located between these tissues in the stem and root .
The leaves of holy basil , known as kraphao in the Thai language -LRB- à à à à à # à -RRB- , are commonly used in Thai food .
American size and European size are different from Asian size , hence the useful comparison tool .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman et al . on August 14 , 2002 .
Gabriel Donizete de Santana , or simply Gabriel -LRB- born September 8 , 1987 -RRB- , is a Brazilian Midfielder who currently plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the Azadegan League .
Peter T. Daniels , '' The Study of Writing Systems '' , in The World 's Writing Systems , ed .
Note : Some of the tengwar used in this article may not display properly unless tengwar fonts are installed .
To make the show more interesting , the aliens release Buzz Cola , a soda drink that makes people go insane , into Springfield 's water supply .
In 2010 , Google estimated that there were approximately 130 million unique books in the world .
His sons Euphorion and Euæon and his nephew Philocles would follow in his footsteps and become playwrights themselves .
From 1919 until its renaming to Wehrmacht in 1936 , the German armed forced had been known as the Reichswehr -LRB- '' National Defence '' -RRB- .
Level : Cruella II : You are trapped in a small pen with watermelons as you are terrorized by Cruella via boat .
Because the Earth 's orbit around the Sun is also elliptical , the Earth 's distance from the Sun similarly varies throughout the year . This affects the apparent sizes of the Sun and Moon in the same way , but not so much as the Moon 's varying distance from the Earth .
The game was supervised by Takehiro Izushi , and was produced by Gunpei Yokoi .
The seeds are also pressed to make mustard oil , and the edible leaves can be eaten as mustard greens .
GNU licenses : The GNU General Public License -LRB- GPL -RRB- is a widely used license for free software projects .
Impersonating soldiers of the other side by wearing the enemy 's uniform is allowed , though fighting in that uniform is unlawful perfidy , as is the taking of hostages .
Temperatures rarely rise above 32 Â , and freezing temperatures only occur in winter in the highest mountains .
Ireland 's first regular radio service , 2RN -LRB- later Radio Éireann -RRB- , begins broadcasting .
New Girl In Town -- Book by George Abbott , music and lyrics by Bob Merrill .
The list of Harry Potter cast members is a list of actors who voiced or portrayed characters appearing in the Harry Potter film series based on the book series by J. K. Rowling .
Isabella was born at 24 Milk Street , Cheapside , London , England .
The lake water requires very little treatment before being pumped into the municipal systems and the natural , untreated water can be safely drunk from almost any point in the lake .
Census Results by Locality , 2005 INEGI .
The Dorah Pass is more than high .
In adult organisms , stem cells and progenitor cells act as a repair system for the body , replenished in adult tissues . In a developing embryo , stem cells can differentiate into all the specialized cells , but also maintain the normal turnover of regenerative organs , such as blood , skin , or intestinal tissues .
Saving Abel is an American rock band from Corinth , Mississippi , formed in 2004 by Jared Weeks and Jason Null .
You Are Like Oxygen -RRB- , a cover of '' Show the World '' by Martin Hoberg Hedegaard , originally written by the Danish songwriting and production team of Thomas Troelsen , Remee and Lucas Secon .
University of Balochistan was established in 1971 at Quetta , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Passer rating -LRB- known as passing efficiency or pass efficiency in NCAA football -RRB- is a measure of the performance of quarterbacks or any other passers in American football and Canadian football .
Sarah Yorke Jackson -LRB- July 16 , 1803 & ndash ; August 23 , 1887 -RRB- was the daughter-in-law of US President Andrew Jackson .
Despite the fact that the other members dislike and disregard Rick , he is heard to say that they '' really are terrific friends '' .
The draft of 1891 was submitted to colonial parliaments but lapsed in New South Wales , after which the other colonies were unwilling to proceed .
new towns built in medieval Languedoc , Gascony and Aquitaine during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries , although some authorities count Mont-de-Marsan and Montauban , which was founded in 1144 , There is little consensus on whether Montauban should be counted as a bastide -LRB- Randolph 1995:291 note 11 -RRB- .
Van Dieman 's Land is mentioned in Peter Carey 's book , True History of the Kelly Gang , as a place the Kelly parents suffered on their way to the Colony of Victoria .
Despite making an immediate strong impression on her new tribe , Stephenie was immediately identified as a target due to her strength and for being the outsider .
It was bounded by -LRB- from the south and clockwise -RRB- the Czech Republic and the districts of Vogtlandkreis , Zwickauer Land , Stollberg and Annaberg .
The name Kaika-tenn was assigned to him posthumously by later generations .
These 10 regional banks were later consolidated into three major banks in 1952 : Norddeutsche Bank AG ; SÃ 1\/4 ddeutsche Bank AG ; and Rheinisch-Westf Ã lische Bank AG . In 1957 , these three banks merged to form Deutsche Bank AG with its headquarters in Frankfurt .
Its speed can be adjusted .
He studied philosophy at Bonn University and conducting at the Cologne Conservatory with Fritz Steinbach .
It was discovered in 1979 in images taken by Voyager 1 , and was named in 1983 after the first wife of Zeus , Metis .
Latvia , with Riga as its capital city , thus declared its independence on November 18 , 1918 .
Hurricane Luis was a very large , very intense and a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane as well as being among the most notable storms of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
A second series , with Piper in the starring role , started filming in May 2008 , during which two body doubles were hired in order to hide Billie 's pregnancy .
This bird 's name is for the American ornithologist -LRB- bird expert -RRB- , George Newbold Lawrence .
It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .
The elaboration ends with the Buddha 's statement about the danger of clinging to these beliefs , as they are still influenced by desire -LRB- lobha -RRB- , hatred -LRB- dosa -RRB- , and ignorance -LRB- avijjÄ -RRB- that its faithful followers will not end in the final liberation but still in the cycle of samsara .
In most classification systems the Osteichthyes are paraphyletic with land vertebrates . That means that the nearest common ancestor of all Osteichthyes includes tetrapods amongst its descendants .
It runs parallel to the north coast , with extensions to the northwest , the Tortuga Island , and to the southeast , the Samaná Peninsula -LRB- with its Sierra de Samaná -RRB- .
The members were Americans Micky Dolenz , Michael Nesmith , Peter Tork , and Englishman Davy Jones , who were supervised and popularized by Don Kirshner .
Lester Russel Brown -LRB- born March 28 , 1934 in Bridgeton , New Jersey -RRB- is an American environmentalist , founder of the Worldwatch Institute , and founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute , a nonprofit research organization based in Washington , D.C. BBC Radio commentator Peter Day calls him '' one of the great pioneer environmentalists . ''
Works His conservatively structured works , in the German romantic musical tradition , placed him in the camp of Romantic classicism exemplified by Johannes Brahms , rather than the opposing '' New Music '' of Franz Liszt and Richard Wagner .
She accepts the date , but only if her date will take her out to the ballgame .
David and his Queen were crowned at Scone on 24 November 1331 .
Member of Parliament He is a member of the Conservative Party .
National team He played 19 times for the Brazilian national team , scoring 21 goals .
As a result , many contestants would change alliances late in the game in order to avoid another tie and another chance of drawing the Purple Rock .
It is found on large landmasses , away from the moderating effects of an ocean , generally at latitudes from 50 Â to 70 Â N poleward of the humid continental climates .
Morena Baccarin as Inara Serra : A Companion who formerly rented one of Serenity 's shuttles .
French and English are official languages along with Seychellois Creole , which is primarily based upon French .
The National Hurricane Center 's director , Max Mayfield , indicated that the Mississippi\/Louisiana area has '' the greatest potential for nightmare scenarios , '' and that this has been known for at least the three decades he has worked at the NHC .
Strathaven -LRB- ; Gaelic : Srath Aibhne , meaning : valley of the Avon -RRB- is a historic market town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Unonosarara -LRB- Takama no Harahiro no Hime no Sumera Mikoto -RRB- Traditional dates .
Stephanus Johannes Paulus Kruger -LRB- 10 October 1825 -- 14 July 1904 -RRB- , better known as Paul Kruger and affectionately known as Uncle Paul -LRB- Dutch : '' Oom Paul '' -RRB- was State President of the South African Republic -LRB- Transvaal -RRB- .
Today the National Theatre consists of three artistic ensembles -- opera , ballet and drama -- which alternate in their performances in the historic building of the National Theatre , in the Theatre of the Estates and in the Kolowrat Theatre .
T Tag team a pair of wrestlers working together in a tag team match -LRB- a match which pits two or more teams of wrestlers against one another -RRB- .
Fumie Suguri has had a long competitive career .
Sorai was born the second son of a samurai who served as the personal physician of Tokugawa Tsunayoshi -LRB- å 3\/4 å ç å -RRB- , who would become the fifth shogun .
Scholastic -LRB- or Scholastic Inc. -RRB- is a global book publishing company known for publishing educational materials for schools , teachers , and parents , and selling and distributing them by mail order and via book clubs and book fairs .
Nelson De La Hoya , is another Icon in the Musical History of Bonao .
The ` inner parlor ' was located off the cloister next to the chapter house in the east range of the monastery .
Chrysanthemums , often called mums or chrysanths , are of the genus -LRB- Chrysanthemum -RRB- constituting approximately 30 species of perennial flowering plants in the family Asteraceae which is native to Asia and northeastern Europe .
A '' silver dollar '' pancake refers to a pancake about 3 inches -LRB- 7 cm -RRB- in diameter - these are usually served in portions of five or ten .
Nonetheless , it remained a hurricane as it crossed the Azores , making landfall on Sao Miguel Island as a category 1 hurricane with 80mph winds .
He co-authored the epochal Principia Mathematica with Bertrand Russell .
The Women 's National Basketball Association -LRB- WNBA -RRB- is a women 's professional basketball league in the United States .
Teale won six caps for the Scotland national football team .
In 1948 , he was commissioned to design the organ for the Royal Festival Hall .
La sonnambula -LRB- The Sleepwalker -RRB- is an opera semiseria in two acts , with music in the bel canto tradition by Vincenzo Bellini to an Italian libretto by Felice Romani , based on a ballet-pantomime by EugÃ ne Scribe .
She has also won three Grammy Awards .
spica , latifolia -RRB- , until Linnaeus combined them , believing the name lavandula derived from the Latin ` lavare ' to wash , referring to the use of infusions of the plants .
A pond is an inland body of standing water , either natural or man-made , that is smaller than a lake .
Honiara , population 49,107 -LRB- 1999 census -RRB- , 78,190 -LRB- 2009 estimate -RRB- , is the capital of the Solomon Islands and of Guadalcanal Province , although it is a separately administered town .
As well as a high school there are elementary schools in the public -LRB- Kinnwood Central Public School -RRB- and separate -LRB- St. John Fisher -RRB- school systems .
Created from the initial letter of each of the eight carpal bones , in the order most commonly referenced , the sentence '' some lovers try positions that they ca n't handle '' is used as a mnemonic device .
1949 & ndash ; The extensive deportation campaign known as March deportation is conducted in Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania to force collectivisation by way of terror .
All basic configurations are controlled by text files , including the construction of menus and the mapping of keybindings .
This camper technically did not met the qualifications in Total Drama Drama Drama Drama Island -LRB- TDDDDI -RRB- to failed to the next season to become a cast-mate of Total Drama Action .
The program , which airs on the History Channel , consists of former fighter pilots sharing their stories of actual dogfights in which they took part , and uses computer-generated imagery -LRB- CGI -RRB- to give the viewer a better perspective of what it is like to partake in aerial combat .
February 21 & ndash ; Emperor Peter III of Russia , husband of Catherine the Great -LRB- d. 1762 -RRB-
Rocky Rapids is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within Brazeau County .
On initial release , the show was praised by critics and won the prestigious Humanitas Prize and the People 's Choice Award .
From the thirteenth to the sixteenth centuries , the devotion was propagated but it did not seem to have developed in itself .
Oklahoma Rose is a hybrid tea rose developed in 1964 at Oklahoma State University by Herbert C. Swim and O. L. Weeks .
Subsequently , 3 years later , the name Pakistan was proposed in Pakistan Declaration in 1933 by Choudhary Rahmat Ali , a Cambridge graduate , again , Bengal was left out of the proposal .
The Book of Judges -LRB- Hebrew : Sefer Shoftim -RRB- is a book of the Bible originally written in Hebrew .
Her mother is Brazilian stage and TV actress Vera Setta and her father is the Brazilian Record TV News Coordinator in Rio de Janeiro , Fernando Baccarin .
The Oxford Parliament , led by Simon de Montfort , 6th Earl of Leicester , leads to the acceptance by King Henry III of England of the Provisions of Oxford .
Taking on the task of modernizing and upgrading a film conglomerate in the depths of the depression was risky , and for a time Universal slipped into receivership .
They are the most successful and the third most popular football club in Brazil , with over 17 million supporters .
Video games developed by Japanese studio Nintendo Research & Development 2 , a defunct division of Nintendo .
Moulton is a city in Appanoose County , Iowa , United States .
Around 11:00 am EDT -LRB- 1500 UTC -RRB- , they designated the system as Tropical Depression One while it was located about 310 mi -LRB- 500 km -RRB- south of Providence , Rhode Island .
Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American alternative rock band that formed in Los Angeles in 1983 .
Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 56/100 , based on 29 reviews .
Human management of this species is known as beekeeping or apiculture .
In 1958 , the State Department explained that the terms '' Near East '' and '' Middle East '' were interchangeable , and defined the region as including only Egypt , Syria , Israel , Lebanon , Jordan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Qatar .
--
The Guns , God and Government DVD was released on October 29 , 2002 by Eagle Rock Entertainment and features live concert footage culled from performances in Los Angeles , Europe , Russia and Japan .
Let There Be Rock is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC , released in March 1977 .
Carbon fiber reinforced polymer or carbon fiber reinforced plastic -LRB- CFRP or CRP -RRB- , is a very strong , light , and expensive composite material or fiber reinforced polymer .
The reservoir created behind Shasta Dam is known as Shasta Lake and is a popular recreational boating area .
It comprises the autonomous communities of the Basque Country and Navarre in Spain and then the Northern Basque Country in France .
Self-service facilities , which are generally coin-operated , where the customer does the washing , including '' jet washing '' .
In 1987-1989 Gevorgian taught conducting at the same Institute , then he worked at Armenian Television -LRB- '' 3 Alik '' TV program -RRB- .
Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta , built over an Etruscan-Roman temple and restructured in 1375 along Tuscan-Gothic lines .
In the course of the partition of the Saxe-Weimar lands among the sons of late Duke John II in 1640 , the eldest brother William of Saxe-Weimar gave the re-established Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach to his younger brother Albert IV , while the youngest Ernest received the Duchy of Saxe-Gotha . However , Duke Albert died without heirs in 1644 , and Saxe-Eisenach was then divided between Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Weimar , ruled by his brothers .
Juliette Ferrington introduced the first program -- commentary of Manchester United against Sunderland .
After the recording of ` Addicted Romantic ' longtime bassist Paul Youdell and guitarist Jonathan Wilson left the band , being replaced by Nicholas Munnings and Stefan Gregory respectively .
Gandhi conceived of Satyagraha , loosely translated as '' Soul Force , '' as a means of striving for truth and social justice through love , suffering , and conversion of the oppressor .
He has collaborated extensively with a wide variety of high profile artists such as Bill Laswell , Bootsy Collins , Bernie Worrell , Iggy Pop , Les Claypool , Serj Tankian , Bill Moseley , Mike Patton , Viggo Mortensen , and was a member of Guns N ' Roses from 2000 to 2004 .
The king was the town 's mayor until the historic village of Lietzow was incorporated into Charlottenburg in 1720 .
Bauer investigated the sources of the New Testament and concluded that early Christianity owed more to ancient Greek philosophy -LRB- Stoicism -RRB- than to Judaism .
She stated that the music would be an evolution of previous works and be '' better , stronger , and more interesting '' .
Akira Matsunaga -LRB- born August 8 , 1948 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player and manager .
groundwater pressure acting to destabilise the slope
Few places are suitable for large-scale wasabi cultivation , and cultivation is difficult even in ideal conditions . In Japan , wasabi is cultivated mainly in these regions :
Other principal conductors have included Antal Doráti -LRB- 1962 -- 66 -RRB- , Colin Davis -LRB- 1967 -- 71 -RRB- , Pierre Boulez -LRB- 1971 -- 75 -RRB- , Gennady Rozhdestvensky -LRB- 1978 -- 81 -RRB- Andrew Davis -LRB- no relation to Colin -RRB- -LRB- 1989 -- 2000 -RRB- , and Leonard Slatkin -LRB- 2000 -- 2004 -RRB- .
Do not link multiple occurrences of the same year , just link the first occurrence .
Allie 's Ghost Hunters series
Singaporeans are especially encouraged to sing the national anthem on occasions of national celebration or national significance such as at the National Day Parade , at National Day observance ceremonies conducted by educational institutions and government departments , and at sporting events at which Singapore teams are participating .
Set times for prayer during the day were established -LRB- based substantially on Jewish models -RRB- , and a festal cycle throughout the Church year governed the celebration of feasts and holy days pertaining to the events in the life of Jesus , the lives of the saints , and aspects of the Church 's perception of God .
The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , from the Municipal Borough of Abingdon , Wantage Urban District , Abingdon Rural District , Faringdon Rural District and part of the Wantage Rural District of Berkshire .
Naomi Phoenix , UK pop\/rock singer and songwriter ; released music branded '' Naomi ''
Now You See It ... is a Disney Channel Original Movie and was the first of 2005 .
Once the circus is set up , Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son , and she is locked up and deemed mad . Dumbo is shunned by the other elephants and with no mother to care for him , he is now alone , except for a self-appointed mentor and protector , Timothy Q. Mouse , who feels sympathy for Dumbo and becomes determined to make him happy again .
Freud believed that people are driven by two conflicting central desires : the life drive -LRB- libido or Eros -RRB- -LRB- survival , propagation , hunger , thirst , and sex -RRB- and the death drive .
Shadwell DLR station on the Docklands Light Railway is between the terminals of Bank and Tower Gateway to the west and Limehouse to the east .
Passengers can step on or off at any floor they like .
You may not copy , modify , sublicense , or distribute the Document except as expressly provided under this License .
As an example , the radioactive decay of carbon-14 is exponential with a half-life of 5730 years .
History Lot is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Following his arrest , Jesus is brought to the house of Annas , who is the father-in-law of the high priest , Caiaphas .
To be hanged , drawn and quartered was from 1351 the penalty in England for men guilty of high treason .
Brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .
These roles\/characters can be found in today 's pantomimes .
The idea of using boiling water to produce mechanical motion has a long history , going back about 2,000 years .
In addition to being used as a tag for his entrance on CBS episodes he hosted , Steve Allen 's composition '' This Could Be the Start of Something '' was used as the opening theme in 1972 arranged by Edd Kalehoff for Score Productions .
November 30 & ndash ; Ludwig Andreas Graf Khevenhüller , Austrian field marshal -LRB- d. 1744 -RRB-
Courroux is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The 1965 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1965 , and lasted until November 30 , 1965 .
This moth is found in North America from east of the Great Plains in the United States to northern Mexico and from Manitoba eastward through central Quebec to Nova Scotia in Canada .
Zentyal -LRB- eBox Platform -RRB- was first included in Ubuntu in 2007 , in the Gutsy Gibbon Tribe 3 , the third alpha release of Ubuntu 7.10 .
1221 : The Kamakura army defeats the imperial army in the J ky Disturbance , thereby asserting the supremacy of the Kamakura shogunate -LRB- H j regents -RRB- over the emperor
Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him immediately .
Waluigi 's first appearance was in the Mario Tennis games for the Game Boy Color and Nintendo 64 , as Wario 's doubles partner ; he would remain doubles partners with Wario in all later Mario Tennis games . Later , along with Princess Daisy , he joined the Mario Party series ' roster in Mario Party 3 , in which he owns an island full of explosives .
Market share , in strategic management and marketing is , according to Carlton O'Neal , the percentage or proportion of the total available market or market segment that is being serviced by a company .
This variation appears in his book The Pleasures of Life : '' Not only does a library contain '' infinite riches in a little room , '' but we may sit at home and yet be in all quarters of the earth . ''
The Professor tosses him the ball that broke the window and replies , '' Try me . ''
Longueville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
At the 2000 census the population was 270 .
Raymond Arthur Dart -LRB- 4 February 1893 -- 22 November 1988 -RRB- was an Australian anatomist and anthropologist , best known for his involvement in the 1924 discovery of the first fossil ever found of Australopithecus africanus , an extinct hominid closely related to humans , at Taung in Northwestern South Africa .
It was released in Japan on March 21 , 2001 ; in North America on June 11 , 2001 ; in Australia and Europe on June 22 , 2001 ; and in the People 's Republic of China on June 8 , 2004 -LRB- excluding Hong Kong -RRB- .
The average age of the current Earth 's continental crust has been estimated to be about 2.0 billion years .
She aided Theseus in overcoming the Minotaur -LRB- actually her half-brother -RRB- and was the bride of the god Dionysus .
1743 & ndash ; Alessandro Cagliostro , Italian adventurer -LRB- d. 1795 -RRB-
and poet .
Alexander Andrijevski -LRB- born August 10 , 1968 in Minsk , Belarus -RRB- is a former Belarusian professional ice hockey player who played one game in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .
Dromore , County Down
A sliotar or sliothar -LRB- ; may derive from Irish sliabh , meaning '' mountain '' and thar meaning '' across '' -RRB- is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball , consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together .
Olympisch Stadion - Amsterdam -LRB-/O1928/O-RRB-
Gallimimus -LRB- GAL-i-MYE-mus -RRB- -LRB- meaning '' chicken or rooster mimic '' -RRB- is a genus of ornithomimid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous period -LRB- Maastrichtian stage -RRB- Nemegt Formation of Mongolia .
It is generally estimated that false pregnancy is caused due to changes in the endocrine system of the body , leading to the secretion of hormones which translate into physical changes similar to those during pregnancy .
In October 2008 , he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize '' for his efforts on several continents and over more than three decades , to resolve international conflicts '' .
Michael Jackson 's Thriller tops the list , estimated to have sold 110 million copies worldwide .
Series regular Allison Mack has portrayed the character since the pilot episode ; two other actresses performed the role of Chloe Sullivan as a child .
William III -LRB- 915 & ndash ; 3 April 963 -RRB- , called Towhead -LRB- , -RRB- from the color of his hair , was the '' Count of the Duchy of Aquitaine '' from 959 and Duke of Aquitaine from 962 to his death .
Catherine de ' Medici -LRB- April 13 , 1519 -- January 5 , 1589 -RRB- was born in Florence , Italy , as Caterina Maria Romula di Lorenzo de ' Medici .
The Lotus name returned to Formula One for the 2010 season , when a new Malaysian team called Lotus Racing , using the Lotus name on licence from Group Lotus , was awarded an entry .
At Osaka , Mirza won her first round match against 5th seed Shahar Pe ` er 3 â '' 6 , 6 â '' 3 , 6 â '' 4 . Mirza then defeated Viktoriya Kutuzova 6 â '' 4 , 6 â '' 3 and in the quarterfinal she defeated 2nd seed Marion Bartoli 6 â '' 4 , 2 â '' 0 by retirement .
During the early 1930s he was a student at the Akademie der Tonkunst in Munich where Carl Orff was his teacher and Orff remained a powerful influence on his music .
Zub is a game written for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum which was published in 1986 by Mastertronic and was written by John and Ste Pickford on the ZX Spectrum and Phillip Brian Allsopp on the Commodore 64 with music on all formats composed by David Whittaker .
1749 & ndash ; Halifax , Nova Scotia , is founded .
On January 4 , 2008 , a day before CES 2008 , Warner Bros. -LRB- the only major studio still releasing movies in both HD DVD and Blu-ray Disc format -RRB- announced that it would release only in Blu-ray Disc after May 2008 .
In October 2008 , Cloud Cult was featured in an animated Esurance commercial .
Beginning with the band 's formation in 1983 , it made frequent personnel changes but always maintained the presence of principal songwriter Robert Pollard .
In April 2007 , Gammer started his own label , Muffin Music , and released a promotional mix for it .
L'Abergement-Cl Ã menciat is a commune in the department of Ain and the region of RhÃ ne-Alpes in eastern France .
Cessy is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The book contains many handwritten notes , revisions , and new spells ; Hermione , however , believes Harry 's use of it is cheating .
Mario Kart DS is the first Mario Kart iteration to support online play .
Colbert received an honorary doctorate in fine arts from Knox College , Illinois on June 3 , 2006 ; his credit as producer has been listed since that time as '' Dr. Stephen T. Colbert , D.F.A. '' -LRB- later changed in April 2009 to '' Sir Dr. Stephen T. Colbert , D.F.A. '' after Colbert was knighted by Queen Noor of Jordan in exchange for his support of the Global Zero Campaign to eliminate nuclear weapons -RRB- .
Tom Jones -LRB- singer -RRB- -LRB- born 1940 -RRB- , Welsh singer
All Form 1 newcomers from the own district are Band 1 students .
The Sydney Cricket and Sports Ground Trust -LRB- popularly known as the Sydney Cricket Ground Trust -RRB- is an organization that operates several sporting facilities in Sydney , Australia . The SCG Trust operates the Sydney Cricket Ground and Sydney Football Stadium at Moore Park in eastern Sydney .
IGN -LRB- 7.1 \/O/ 10 -RRB- link
Interstate 85 -LRB- I-85 -RRB- is a major interstate highway in the southeastern United States .
He succeeded Dick Cheney . Biden is the first United States Vice President from Delaware and the first Roman Catholic to attain that office .
-LRB- -RRB- .
The total impedance is then given by : : and after substitution of and and simplification , gives : .
West Punjab was a province of Pakistan from 1947 to 1955 .
Marie Byrd Land hosted the Operation Deep Freeze base Byrd Station -LRB- NBY ; originally at 80 Â S , 120 Â W , rebuilt at 80 Â S , 119 Â W -RRB- , beginning in 1957 , in the hinterland of Bakutis Coast .
Post-1968 : as activist In the aftermath of 1968 , the French government created a new experimental university , Paris VIII , at Vincennes and appointed Foucault the first head of its philosophy department in December of that year .
Today the theater is recognized as one of the leading opera and ballet theaters in the world and is home to the La Scala Theatre Chorus , La Scala Theatre Ballet and La Scala Theatre Orchestra .
Almost every pest insect species has at least one wasp species that preys upon it or parasitizes it , making wasps critically important in natural control of their numbers , or natural biocontrol .
Arminia ` s name derives from the Cheruscian chieftain Arminius , who defeated a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest .
Between segments in every show , she uses some harebrained scheme to try and meet Amanda , often with the help of Drake , Josh , or her brother Preston , but never succeeds , though she is at times exceedingly close to doing so .
The '' firemen '' burn them '' for the good of humanity '' .
He had four older sisters , and was the only male child of two fifth cousins , António de Oliveira -LRB- 17 January 1839 to 28 September 1932 -RRB- and wife Maria do Resgate Salazar -LRB- 23 October 1845 to 17 November 1926 -RRB- , whose paternal grandfather was a landowner and a nobleman .
Akihiro Nishimura -LRB- born August 8 , 1958 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
During their time with Culture Shock , they choreographed a variety of industrial musicals for casinos and companies such as Nike , Levi , Redken , Matrix Hair , and MAC .
The Silver Chair The Silver Chair would be the fourth film in the series .
She promises to make him Prince and eventually King of Narnia , if only he will bring the other children to her castle .
As the harpsichord evolved into the fortepiano , and in the end to the modern piano , the increased volume and the richer sound of the new instrument allowed the keyboard instrument to better compete with a full orchestra .
This effort culminated with a 13-week test series titled Family Portraits which aired in early 1987 .
The Attitude Era was defined by a radical shift in programming content .
Poanes viator -LRB- Edwards , 1865 -RRB- -- Broad-winged Skipper
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
There are many different classes of extremophiles , each corresponding to the way its environmental niche differs from mesophilic conditions .
According to the '' Submission to the Secretary of State 's review of digital channels '' in March 2004 , Radio 1Xtra '' provides music output 24 hours a day , punctuated by bespoke BBC news bulletins and other speech output designed specifically to be pertinent to the audience . ''
After a great earthquake in 989 ruined the dome of Hagia Sophia , the Byzantine officials summoned Trdat to Byzantium to organize repairs .
His mother was Jean Ferguson Paterson .
Hollywood films are mostly screened here along with some selected Bollywood films .
Palaeolexicon , Word study tool of ancient languages
Cantor -LRB- crater -RRB- , a lunar crater
In 1813 , he was named to the Académie des Beaux-Arts , replacing André Grétry .
Specialized English was developed initially by Feba Radio in the UK .
For much of Japanese history , Mt. Hiei has been off-limits to women .
Scheme is one of the two main dialects of the programming language Lisp .
The Hydrogenothermaceae family are bacteria that live in harsh environmental settings .
Quechuas is the the collective term for several ethnic groups in South America who speak a Quechua language -LRB- Southern Quechua mainly -RRB- , belonging to several ethnic groups in South America , above all in Peru , Ecuador , Bolivia , Chile and Argentina .
August 22 , 408 -- Stilicho , military power behind the imperial throne , is executed .
Eraclea Mare is known for its pinewood and the '' Mort Lagoon '' -LRB- Italian : Laguna del Mort -RRB- .
Year 1317 -LRB- MCCCXVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Shuichi Gonda is a Japanese footballer who plays for F.C. Tokyo .
The tracks '' Sheila '' and '' In Spite of Me '' were prominently featured on the soundtrack of the 1994 independent film Spanking the Monkey .
This enables them to squeeze through very narrow slits between underwater rocks , which is very helpful when they are fleeing from morays or other predatory fish .
They argued that the plan was American economic imperialism , and that it was an attempt to gain control over Western Europe just as the Soviets controlled Eastern Europe .
Red and Blue have subsequently been remade for the Game Boy Advance as Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen , released in 2004 .
Charizard has made appearances in many other PokÃ mon games .
As of 2005 , its population was estimated at more than 371,090,000 .
Montfaucon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ammon is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
The word solstice derives from Latin sol -LRB- sun -RRB- and sistere -LRB- to stand still -RRB- .
Pure calcium carbonate -LRB- e.g. for food or pharmaceutical use -RRB- , can be produced from a pure quarried source -LRB- usually marble -RRB- .
In clathrate structures , gases are enclosed in an icy cage and look like packed snow .
When Beatrice died in 1290 , Dante tried to find a refuge in Latin literature .
Back at camp , knowing she was next to go , Caryn agreed to be a new wheel with Tom and Ian for dismantling their five-person alliance with Gregg , Jenn , and Katie .
On January 29 , 2007 , Melina became the number one contender for the WWE Women 's Championship , but on February 5 , she lost a title match against Mickie James .
Each GAA county has its own flag/colours -LRB- and often a nickname too -RRB- , and county allegiances are taken quite seriously .
replaces the deprecated template '' conference reference '' .
Loubens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It is one of nine cities and seven counties that constitute the Hampton Roads metro area , officially known as the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA .
Pioneering scholarly works on the Viking Age began to reach a small readership in Britain .
The club was reformed as F.C. Halifax Town in July 2008 .
It was an important route for merchants and travelers of ancient times that allowed for trade and cultural exchange between emergent peoples of the region -- the Mesopotamian , Egyptian , Phoenician , Carthaginian , Iberian , Greek , Illyrian , Thracian , Levantine , Gallic , Roman , Arabic , Berber , Jewish , Slavic and Turkish cultures .
At Jerilderie in 1879 Hart stole a watch from The Very Reverend Gribble , a parson at the Protestant church , and Ned told him to return it , which Hart did , ` looking daggers ' .
Queen Elizabeth II spends one week in residence at Holyrood Palace at the beginning of each summer , where she carries out a range of official engagements and ceremonies .
Dexter 's volume on early Yale graduates He wanted to do many things such as study law , engage in trade , or study divinity .
Flannery was named Australian of the Year in 2007 and is presently a professor at Macquarie University .
Hautecourt-Romanèche is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Image : Illu repdt male .
Seed production in these species can be very high , 200-700 kg per hectare .
Our sibling project has the goal of creating a dictionary .
Meriden is a city in New Haven County , Connecticut , United States .
Edom -LRB- ; Assyrian : Udumi ; Syriac : Ü Ü Ü Ü ; Greek : á 1\/4 Î Î Ï
As of 2005 , it has a population of 578,156 .
He obtained his deacon 's orders in 1746 , being fully ordained in 1749 , and subsequently held several curacies in Hampshire and Wiltshire , including Selborne 's neighbouring parishes of Newton Valence and Farringdon , as well as Selborne itself on four separate occasions .
In 1910 it became the Judicial Capital of South Africa .
A campus novel , also known as an academic novel , is a novel whose main action is set in and around the campus of a university .
After the battle , which was inconclusive , Attila retreats , causing the Romans to interpret it as a victory .
Male rabbits are called bucks ; females are called does .
During this time , St. Catharines nearly tripled in population .
One chain extends across the sea to Chios , another extends across Euboea to Samos , and a third extends across the Peloponnese and Crete to Rhodes , dividing the Aegean from the Mediterranean .
The plural of rhombus can be either rhombi or rhombuses .
He was born in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada in 1842 .
Other important members during the next two decades included Daniel Fichelscher , Klaus Wiese and Robert Eliscu .
In addition to his work with Queen , he led a solo career , penning hits such as '' Barcelona '' , '' I Was Born to Love You '' and '' Living on My Own '' .
On the outside of a pie there is a sweet or savory crust , and on the inside there is a filling .
PrÃ mont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
ThÃ ch Quá # ng Ä á '' c was protesting against the persecution of Buddhists by South Vietnam 's NgÃ Ä Ã nh Diá '' m administration .
Hisao Sekiguchi -LRB- born October 29 , 1954 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In 1924 Adolf Hitler spent eight months incarcerated in Landsberg after being convicted of treason following the Beer Hall Putsch in Munich the previous year .
Bullecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France .
PCLinuxOS places specific emphasis on desktop computing , concentrating its efforts for home or small business environments , hence paying less attention to other more '' traditional '' uses , like servers , although packages for most server tasks are available .
Members from both the ruling party , Chama Cha Mapinduzi -LRB- CCM -RRB- , and the opposition Civic United Front -LRB- CUF -RRB- disagreed with Mr Pinda 's interpretation and stand firmly in recognizing Zanzibar as a fully autonomous and full state , the move which is widely unrecognized by the formation of the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania which raises a backlash between Members of Parliament from the Tanzania mainland and Zanzibar .
Pierre de Fermat -LRB- ; 17 August 1601 or 1607\/8 -- 12 January 1665 -RRB- was a French lawyer at the Parlement of Toulouse , France , and an amateur mathematician who is given credit for early developments that led to infinitesimal calculus , including his adequality .
Berlise is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The first named appearance of Wario occurred in the 1992 game ' where he was designed by Hiroji Kiyotake who was also responsible for designing Samus Aran , another popular Nintendo character .
Jacob-Abraham-Camille PissarroWold Eiermann , '' Camille Pissarro 1830 -- 1903 , '' in Christoph Becker , Camille Picasso -LRB- Hatje Cantz : Ostfildern-Ruit , 1999 -RRB- , 1 .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
probable & ndash ; Eric of Pomerania , King of Norway , Sweden and Denmark -LRB- d. 1459 -RRB-
Nevertheless , a link between political views and mosque attendance can still be seen in other parts of the world .
The diagnosis of Dissociative identity disorder is defined by criteria in the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM -RRB- . The DSM-II used the term multiple personality disorder , the DSM-III grouped the diagnosis with the other four major dissociative disorders , and the DSM-IV-TR categorizes it as dissociative identity disorder .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road -LRB- open desert , sand dunes and beaches -RRB- , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
As the second WrestleMania to be held entirely outdoors , Vince McMahon also announced that the show would have taken place regardless of the weather conditions .
The Middle East Annual : Issues & Events , 1984 , edited by David H. Partington , p. 155 The group 's activities were primarily assassinations of Turkish diplomats and politicians in Western Europe , in the United States and the Middle East .
Portugal entered the European Union in 1986 .
Charlotte 's Web is a live-action\/computer-animated feature film , based on the popular book of the same name by E.B. White .
In most modern speedball tournaments , inflatable vinyl bunkers of varied shapes and sizes are utilized .
Its political status in Greece is known as the Autonomous Monastic State of the Holy Mountain .
The Egyptian name was recorded as á '' s.t or È s.t and meant '' -LRB- She of the -RRB- Throne . ''
The nominate subspecies Ailuropoda melanoleuca melanoleuca consists of most extant populations of panda .
Dirk Werner Nowitzki -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born June 19 , 1978 -RRB- is a German professional basketball player who plays for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
Nevertheless , the Fleming Building 's narrow windows , all located above the first floor , and fortress-like exterior led to a campus rumor that it was designed to be riot-proof .
Role in The Simpsons Biography Hans Moleman is the retconned name of the character .
Numerous ducks have managed to establish themselves on oceanic islands such as Hawaii , New Zealand and Kerguelen , although many of these species and populations are threatened or have become extinct .
There were 28 sports and 302 events at the 2008 Games .
William A. Shea Municipal Stadium , usually shortened to Shea Stadium or just Shea , was a stadium in the New York City borough of Queens , in Flushing Meadowsâ '' Corona Park . It was the home baseball park of Major League Baseball 's New York Mets from 1964 to 2008 .
The best-known park of Zhytomyr is named after Yuri Gagarin , located in the south of the city , at the left -LRB- northern -RRB- bank of the Teteriv river .
If this is the case , then the fact that 10 km fragments of the Vesta family and V-type asteroids have survived bombardment until the present indicates that the crater is only about 1 billion years old or younger .
He and his horse May-Queen won the silver medal as member of the German team in the team eventing after finishing 15th in the individual eventing competition .
The first version of iWork , iWork ' 05 , was announced on January 11 , 2005 by Vardaan at the Macworld Conference & Expo and made available on January 22 in the United States and worldwide on January 29 . iWork '05 comprised two applications : Keynote 2 , a presentation creation program , and Pages , a word processor .
'' Superheroes DVD '' -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB- Discography at AllMusic
There 's no need to emphasize that the lead section is incorrect for some cases , because that 's stated outright .
Biden is the first Roman Catholic and the first Delawarean to become Vice President of the United States .
Rockhampton had nearly a week to prepare for an expected flood peak from the Fitzroy River , which courses through the center of the city .
Introduced in 1959 , ten of the class were built by Gloucester Railway Carriage and Wagon Company , each with two 230 hp British United Traction engines .
Although selenium is an essential trace element , it is toxic if taken in excess .
Eric Joseph Brent Staal -LRB- born on 29 October , 1984 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League .
T2050 and T2250 mounted in OEM systems don not have Virtualization Technology
It is named for Kent , an English county .
In ecclesiastical matters it favored the spread of Catholic observance , the rebuilding of churches , the moral reform of the clergy and laity , and the end of the religion of the Danes in England .
Awards Nominated for a 2007 silver Globe Award for Best Actress in a Drama .
CsupÃ chose to have Weta Digital render the 3D animation because he '' was impressed with their artistic integrity , the teamwork , the -LRB- fact that -RRB- people were really nice , and also they responded to our designs very positively . ''
Wikipedia 's articles provide links to guide the user to related pages with additional information .
The Exxon Valdez -LRB- -RRB- oil spill occurred in the Prince William Sound , Alaska , on March 24 , 1989 .
In art , Rhea is usually depicted seated in a throne flanked by lions or on a chariot drawn by two lions , and is not always distinguishable from Cybele .
After the death of President Paul von Hindenburg on 2 August 1934 , Hitler assumed the office of Reichspräsident , and thus became commander in chief .
Lucy finally leaves the group when she returns to the SDR headquarters one night to find the offices deserted and Paco and some of his followers making bombs .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Al Wasl FC won the championship .
Asti is a city and comune of c. 75,000 inhabitants located in the Piedmont region of north-western Italy , about 55 kilometres east of Turin in the plain of the Tanaro River .
The Network Time Protocol -LRB- NTP -RRB- is a protocol for synchronizing the clocks of computer systems over packet-switched , variable-latency data networks .
US$ 5.5 billion -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB-
Snowpacks can thaw and melt , and the melted water flows over land as snowmelt .
Coco is close to her mother , who managed her career before .
Cyclodorippoida
The most popular stud variant today , seven-card stud , deals two extra cards to each player -LRB- three face-down , four face-up -RRB- from which they must make the best possible 5-card hand .
Chartèves is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Personal pronouns stand in place of the names of people or things :
La Villette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Alternatively , GRUB can pass control of the boot process to another loader , using chain loading .
Saint - Ã tienne-du-Bois is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Patronage is the support , encouragement , privilege and often financial aid that an organization or individual bestows to another .
Your signature should not blink , scroll , or otherwise inconvenience or annoy other editors .
On 21 December , it was announced that Timo Glock had been signed as the team 's second test driver .
Originally there was only one Emmy Awards ceremony held per year to honor shows nationally broadcast in the United States . That changed when the Daytime Emmy Awards , a separate awards show specifically just for daytime programming , was first held in 1974 .
Architectural type , classification of architecture by functional types -LRB- houses , institutions -RRB- , morphological types or historical types Architectural style subcategories
Their unique blend of bluegrass , rock , country , and Cajun\/Zydeco , which the band calls '' Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass '' , has found favor with the jam band scene .
Laval-d ` Aurelle is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Complicating its toxicity is the fact that it smells and looks very appealing , to the extent that there are reports of repeat poisonings from individuals who were tempted to try them a second time .
Masonry is the building of structures from individual units laid in and bound together by mortar ; the term masonry can also refer to the units themselves .
November 15 & ndash ; William Murdoch , Scottish inventor -LRB- b. 1754 -RRB-
This , however , is not always the case , as the 2006 event had the match in the middle of the pay-per-view .
Its final geological suturing occurred between ca .
That film earned Tarantino and Roger Avary Academy Awards for Best Original Screenplay , and was also nominated for Best Picture .
The Matrix is a science fiction-adventure film written and directed by Larry and Andy Wachowski and starring Keanu Reeves , Laurence Fishburne , Carrie-Anne Moss , Joe Pantoliano , and Hugo Weaving .
Few , if any , controlled studies have been carried out to answer the question .
At least three children have been born in Antarctica , albeit in stations north of the Antarctic Circle . See Demographics of Antarctica .
And for the following year of 2007 , Fuhua NCC Land Unit achieved National Best Unit -LRB- Overall 1st Best Unit -RRB- .
Even though a magnet is said to have a north pole and a south pole , these two poles can not be separated from each other .
With the exception of non-circulating high-value or precious metal commemorative issues , coins are used for lower valued monetary units , while banknotes are used for higher values .
The story , written by Tom Junod , appeared in the September 2003 issue of Esquire magazine , and was later made into a film .
In law , a sentence forms the final act of a judge-ruled process , and also the symbolic principal act connected to his function .
A Home Warranty protects against the high costs of home and appliance repair by offering home warranty coverage for houses , town homes , condominiums , mobile homes , and new construction homes .
It is the county seat of Graves County .
Dialogue The dialogue in Joss Whedon 's shows and movies usually involves pop culture references both notable and obscure , and the turning of nouns into adjectives by adding a '' y '' at the end of the word -LRB- '' listy '' -RRB- .
In the standard arrangement , there is a first baseman positioned several steps to the left of first base , a second baseman to the right of second base , a shortstop to the left of second base , and a third baseman to the right of third base .
American Journal of Botany 91:1582 -- 1598 -LRB- online abstract here -RRB- .
REN21 -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Origins of Rugby -- Codification -- '' The innovation of running with the ball was introduced some time between 1820 and 1830 . ''
Vedanta , the logical conclusion to Vedic ritualism , focusing on mysticism .
-LRB- Wallace had spent 1848-1852 exploring and collecting specimens in the Amazon Basin . -RRB-
In Greek mythology it was considered to represent the vain queen Cassiopeia , who boasted about her unrivaled beauty .
He thought that sometimes people would do things they did not really want to do because the libido made them .
The building is a National Historic Landmark , having been listed in 1966 .
Italy purchased the city in 1905 and made Mogadishu the capital of Italian Somaliland .
However , Armenians call themselves Hay -LRB- Õ Õ Õ , pronounced Hay ; plural : Õ Õ Õ Õ Ö , Hayer -RRB- .
Arthur formed as a tropical depression over Grand Bahama on June 19 .
L. magnicristatus Sternberg , 1935
The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.33 .
This can also be referred to as working language or bridge language .
The work revolves around four central characters : Othello , a Moorish general in the Venetian army ; his wife Desdemona ; his lieutenant , Cassio ; and his trusted ensign Iago .
Fucking With Fire - Live -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB-
He began an era of conquest that , within three generations , expanded the Inca dominion from the valley of Cuzco to nearly the whole of civilized South America .
August 's flower is the gladiolus or poppy , and its birthstone is the peridot .
It also can be used as a partial replacement for ground beef or pork .
Pope Benedict XIV appointed him Vicar Apostolic of the small community -LRB- approximately 2,000 people -RRB- that converted with him .
CINCFLEET command is exercised through the Navy Command Headquarters , based at in Portsmouth . An Operational Headquarters , the Northwood Headquarters , at Northwood , London , is co-located with the Permanent Joint Headquarters of the United Kingdom 's armed forces , and a NATO Regional Command , Allied Maritime Component Command Northwood -LRB- AMCCN -RRB- .
Dagneux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
CosÃ fan tutte is one of the three Mozart operas for which Da Ponte wrote the libretto .
Published in 1993 , it was followed by the novel Max the Mighty in 1998 .
Martin Short as Lars : A stylish but rather strange artist who loves nothing more than painting spots .
Mainframes -LRB- often colloquially referred to as Big Iron -RRB- are powerful computers used mainly by large organizations for critical applications , typically bulk data processing such as census , industry and consumer statistics , enterprise resource planning , and financial transaction processing .
The Council also serves as the president 's principal arm for coordinating these policies among various government agencies .
Return to the Exchequer After the 1931 general election , Chamberlain became Chancellor of the Exchequer a second time .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
Members of one subspecies differ morphologically or by different coding sequences of DNA from members of other subspecies of the species . Subspecies are defined in relation to species .
In addition to his achievements in chemistry , Cavendish is also known for the Cavendish experiment , the first to measure the force of gravity between masses in a laboratory and to produce an accurate value for Earth 's density .
The plague is thought to have returned every generation with varying virulence and mortalities until the 1700s .
The B-2 was first publicly displayed on 22 November 1988 , at Air Force Plant 42 , Palmdale , California , where it was assembled .
Andoni Zubizarreta Urreta -LRB- born 23 October 1961 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
In 2007 , the government of Pakistan handed over port operations to PSA Singapore for 25 years , and gave it the status of a Tax Free Port for the following 40 years .
Illegal drug trade India is located between two major illicit opium producing centres in Asia - the Golden Crescent comprising Pakistan , Afghanistan and Iran and the Golden Triangle comprising Burma , Thailand and Laos .
Otero made his Spain national football team debut on September 8 , 1993 , in a 2 -- 0 friendly win against Chile , in Alicante , and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup -LRB- two matches -RRB- and UEFA Euro 1996 -LRB- one -RRB- .
The caracal is a slender , yet muscular , cat , with long legs and a short tail .
He graduated from Clinton High School in 2001 .
The Laborschule Bielefeld -LRB- '' Laboratory School Bielefeld '' -RRB- is an alternative school located in the city of Bielefeld , Germany .
From January 1942 until June 1946 , he was a research associate for the Cowles Commission .
La Pommeraie-sur-S Ã vre is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Saint-Pierre-du-Fresne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Brazil is a city in Clay County , Indiana , United States .
He signed one more year until summer 2009 in May 2008 . On 29 May 2009 left after three years FC Red Bull Salzburg and retired from professional football .
She took over all duties as White House hostess after Emily Donelson fell ill with tuberculosis and died in 1836 .
Infraorder Anguimorpha -- -LRB- the monitors , Gila monster , alligator lizards , galliwasps , slow-worms and others -RRB-
The Museum of Modern Art -LRB- MoMA -RRB- is an art museum located in Midtown Manhattan in New York City , USA , on 53rd Street , between Fifth and Sixth Avenues .
This was translated into English by W.S. Dallas as Facts and Arguments for Darwin in 1869 -LRB- Darwin sponsored the translation and publication -RRB- .
The history of the Constitution of Australia began with moves towards federation in the 19th century , which culminated in the federation of the Australian colonies to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
No team in any major professional North American sport has won four consecutive championships since the Islanders .
Chairman Bhutto Zardari is also the grandson of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , the first popularly elected Prime Minister of Pakistan and father of Benazir Bhutto , who held the distinction of being the first female elected head of government of any Islamic country .
In fact he continued going after his first album , trying to show how hard he worked and especially to show his father in heaven .
This name is taken from Julius Echter von Mespelbrunn , Prince-Bishop of WÃ 1\/4 rzburg , who reestablished the University 426 years ago , and Prince Elector Maximilian Joseph , the prince under whom secularization occurred at the start of the 19th century .
The Greek historians record that the town was celebrated for its monolithite temple and oracle of the goddess Wadjet -LRB- Buto -RRB- -LRB- Herod .
Bristles may be natural or synthetic .
The championship is generally contested in professional wrestling matches , in which participants execute scripted finishes rather than contend in direct competition .
Situated where the Rhône River exits Lake Geneva -LRB- in French also known as Lac Léman -RRB- , it is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Geneva .
The band also includes guitarist David Kennedy , notably from Over My Dead Body , Hazen Street and Box Car Racer , drummer Atom Willard from The Offspring and Rocket from the Crypt , and bassist Matt Wachter from 30 Seconds to Mars , who replaced Ryan Sinn in 2007 .
Wenedyk also has a vocative case .
Gnathostomulids , or jaw worms , are a small phylum of nearly microscopic marine animals .
December September 10 Battle of Pinkie : An English army under the Duke of Somerset , Lord Protector of England , defeats a Scottish army under James Hamilton , 2nd Earl of Arran , the Regent .
In the context of witchcraft , broomstick is likely to refer to the broom as a whole .
A number of small trading villages exist throughout the district , and each locality has its periodical fairs for purposes of traffic .
While the Constitution requires the President to take this oath upon entering into the office , the 25th Amendment states that , upon it being invoked '' the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President . ''
It is named in honor of their only child , Leland Stanford , Jr. , who died in 1884 just before his 16th birthday . His parents decided to dedicate a university to their only son , and Leland Stanford told his wife , '' The children of California shall be our children . ''
Port-au-Prince -LRB- ; ; Haitian Creole : Pòtoprens ; -RRB- is the capital and largest city of the Caribbean nation of Haiti .
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
FC Eintracht Bamberg is a German football club from the city of Bamberg , Bavaria .
-LRB- The date 1973 in the Musicweb review of the Melodiya recording of symphony 3 is probably a typographical error , since the publisher 's listing also gives 1975 for the first performance of that work . -RRB-
The lake has a total area of 166 km , and a maximum depth of approximately 43 m -LRB- 141 feet -RRB- .
A pregnancy that ends before 37 weeks of gestation resulting in a live-born infant is known as a '' premature birth '' .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an Christmas television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
July 1 -- Crusaders besiege Nicaea , win the Battle of Dorylaeum , capture Latakia from the Seljuk Turks , and begin the siege of Antioch .
It has an area of and a population of 22,450 -LRB- as of December 2004 -RRB- .
It is bordered by Overijssel to the south , Friesland to the west , Groningen to the north , and Germany -LRB- districts of Emsland and Bentheim -RRB- to the east .
Faculties & Departments Faculty of Physical Sciences Department of Computer Science Department of Physics Department of Statistics Department of Mathematics Department of Geography Department of -LSB- -LSB- Geology -RSB- The director of the geology department is Dr.Abdul Salam Khan Barech .
In 1907 , however , the party decided that future Labor Cabinets would be elected by the members of the Parliamentary Labor Party , the Caucus , and the Prime Minister would retain the right to allocate portfolios .
He also announced that he was licencing the Minardi name to established team GP Racing in the junior Euro Formula 3000 series , to be entitled ` Minardi Team by GP Racing ' .
In September 1997 , it was announced Versace 's brother , Santo , and Jorge Saud would serve as the new CEOs of Gianni Versace S.P.A. Versace 's sister , Donatella , became the new head of design .
Harty was born in Hillsborough , Ireland , the fourth of ten children of church organist William Michael Harty -LRB- 1852 -- 1918 -RRB- and his wife , Annie Elizabeth , the daughter of Joseph Hamilton Richards , a soldier from Bray .
Based on the Fiat Tipo 3 , it was a four-door seven-seat sedan powered by a front-mounted 2.8 litre straight-4 engine driving the rear wheels , and was capable of speeds up to .
In this way , energy is transferred from the water flow to the turbine
On August 22 , the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Debby .
He performed songs such as '' Got My Mojo Working '' and '' She 's Nineteen Years Old '' , although he did not appear on the original recordings ; long-time Muddy Waters harmonica player Little Walter was utilized on most of Muddy 's recording sessions in the 1950s .
In addition , there are several conditions related to the person who commits it that must be met .
Indus River Dolphin -LRB- or Bhulan -RRB- , Platanista gangetica minor
The solid surface location on the planet closest to the center of the orb is the Challenger Deep , located in the Mariana Trench at a depth of 10,924 m -LRB- 35,838 ft -RRB- under the sea .
In 1919 she got admitted to the highly competitive University of Calcutta where she attended the Dr. R. Ahmed Dental College .
Fueled by '' Photograph '' and subsequent singles '' Rock of Ages '' and '' Foolin ' '' , Pyromania went on to sell six million copies in 1983 -LRB- more than 100,000 copies every week in that year -RRB- and was held off the top of the US album charts only by Michael Jackson 's Thriller .
MiG-21 Variants - Development and Preproduction
Roman style mills are more complicated as they require gears to transmit the power from a shaft with a horizontal axis to one with a vertical axis .
Captain Planet and the Planeteers is an American animated environmentalist television program , based on an idea by Ted Turner and Robert Larkin III . The show was produced by Andy Heyward , Robby London , Barbara Pyle and Nicholas Boxer .
Llívia was the site of an Iberian oppidum which commanded the region and was named Julia Libica by the Romans .
Pichilemu had 12,392 residents in 2002 .
All production takes place at its headquarters in Santa Ana , California .
The primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine -LRB- DNA and RNA -RRB- , thymine -LRB- DNA -RRB- and uracil -LRB- RNA -RRB- , abbreviated as C , G , A , T , and U , respectively .
They are equally common in both Australia and New Zealand , and very common in Canada .
Hurricane Alicia was the first hurricane to hit the U.S. mainland since Hurricane Allen in August 1980 .
Bollywood films are mostly musicals , and are expected to contain catchy music in the form of song-and-dance numbers woven into the script .
7 & times ; Pro Bowl selection -LRB- 1992 , 1993 , 1994 , 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 1998 -RRB-
The most popular MEPIS distribution is SimplyMEPIS , which is based primarily on Debian stable .
Handel was born in Germany in the same year as Johann Sebastian Bach and Domenico Scarlatti .
The name of the event was voted by fans via WWE 's official website in June 2009 with the concept in mind .
Currently , all four '' current '' Green Lanterns have stories being told in simultaneously published series , Green Lantern , Green Lantern Corps , and Green Lantern Emerald Warriors respectively .
Boyaval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The letter informed William that if he were to land in England with a small army , the signatories and their allies would rise up and support him .
It 's B-Side is '' I Do n't Give '' and additional '' Why '' on maxi-cds .
They were the second variety of British Rail 's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs , which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five Classes -LRB- Class 313\/314\/315 \/O/ 507\/508 -RRB- .
240 BC & ndash ; 1st recorded perihelion passage of Halley 's Comet .
The element was first produced in 1950 by bombarding curium with alpha particles -LRB- helium ions -RRB- at the University of California , Berkeley .
Red is also one of the subtractive primary colors of RYB color space but not CMYK color space .
His look employed fabrics lined predominantly with percale , boned , bustier-style bodices , hip padding , wasp-waisted corsets and petticoats that made his dresses flare out from the waist , giving his models a very curvaceous form .
He had a hit single in 1980 with Syreeta Wright with the ballad '' With You I 'm Born Again '' that reached number four on the charts .
He has performed solo and led numerous groups including the Dots , the Coloured Girls and the Messengers .
The islands were also historically known as the '' Spice Islands '' by the Chinese and Europeans , but this term has also been applied to other islands outside Indonesia .
Mysterio won the match and a title shot , and Orton urged him to put the title shot at stake in a match at No Way Out .
produces a single non-breaking space .
La Roque-Alric is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
In probability theory and statistics , the normal distribution , or Gaussian distribution , is an absolutely continuous probability distribution whose cumulants of all orders above two are zero .
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
503 -- 505 Engagements In December 1891 , May was engaged to her second cousin , once-removed , Prince Albert Victor , Duke of Clarence and Avondale , the eldest son of the Prince of Wales .
Evelina or the History of a Young Lady 's Entrance into the World is a novel written by English author Frances Burney and first published in 1778 .
The area was a major resort and site of amusement parks that reached its peak in the early 20th century .
Soon after his birth , Grabowski 's family moved from Nowe Dobra to Thorn , Prussia -LRB- now Toru , Poland -RRB- .
Other observations are not answered definitively by known physics .
A Kirkwood gap is a gap or dip in the distribution of main belt asteroids with semi-major axis -LRB- or equivalently their orbital period -RRB- , as seen in the histogram below .
to be able to oversee a number of Internet-related tasks previously performed directly on behalf of the U.S. government by other organizations , notably the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority -LRB- IANA -RRB- .
For hydrogen-like atoms -LRB- ions -RRB- only , the Rydberg levels depend only on the principal quantum number .
Komotini is an established university city in the North of Greece known for its high standard of education and the unique and unforgettable ` Komotini student experience ' .
Theodore Robert '' Ted '' Bundy , born Theodore Robert Cowell -LRB- November 24 , 1946 -- January 24 , 1989 -RRB- , was an American serial killer active between 1974 and 1978 .
This discovery of this first exoplanet around a sun-like star marked a turning point and forced astronomers to realize that giant planets could exist in short period orbits .
He quit his career as an academic in 1973 , when he was elected as a member of the Turkish parliament from the Republican People 's Party .
MOTORAZR V3 Miami Ink Collection V3i The successor to the RAZR is the RAZR V3i .
By 1900 the word tavern had developed an archaic flavor in Britain , the usual term being public house -LRB- pub -RRB- , though taverns remain a popular convention in fantasy tales and games .
Molecular phylogenetics , which uses DNA sequences as data , has driven many recent revisions and is likely to continue to do so .
A pact of non-aggression and friendship is signed between the Roman Empire , represented by Tiberius , and the German tribe the Cherusci , represented by their King Segimer .
Independence of the Seas
A mistress may have the status of an '' official mistress '' -LRB- in French maîtresse en titer -RRB- ; as exemplified by the career of Madame de Pompadour .
The results or ` fruits ' of actions are called .
1713 & ndash ; John Ponsonby , Irish politician -LRB- d. 1789 -RRB-
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001 , and given the temporary designation ' .
He explains , not unkindly , that he is not a man who loves easily and is unsuited to marriage .
He is the Simpson family 's pet Greyhound .
The lagomorphs are the members of the taxonomic order Lagomorpha , of which there are two living families , the Leporidae -LRB- hares and rabbits -RRB- , and the Ochotonidae -LRB- pikas -RRB- .
Microphones are used in many applications such as telephones , tape recorders , karaoke systems , hearing aids , motion picture production , live and recorded audio engineering , FRS radios , megaphones , in radio and television broadcasting and in computers for recording voice , speech recognition , VoIP , and for non-acoustic purposes such as ultrasonic checking or knock sensors .
After the day that he officially became Pope , he spoke to people in Italian , English , German , French , Spanish and Portuguese .
Goodfellow 's Tree-kangaroo has short , woolly fur , usually chestnut to red-brown in color , a gray-brown face , yellow-colored cheeks and feet ; a pale belly , a long , golden brown tail , and two golden stripes on its backside .
Banks Island covers an area 70,028 km ² -LRB- 27,038 sq mi -RRB- and it is the world 's 24th largest island and Canada 's fifth largest island .
Its population in 2008 was 33,710 , for Stirling itself , the wider urban area including Bridge of Allan and Bannockburn has a population of 45,750 .
John Lennon justified the comparative merits of his investiture by comparing military membership in the order , saying '' Lots of people who complained about us receiving the MBE received theirs for heroism in the war â '' for killing people ... -LRB- W -RRB- e received ours for entertaining other people .
Sod can be used to repair a small area of lawn that has died .
He moved to Williams in 1994 , but suffered a fatal accident at the third race of the season at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in Italy .
Angel eventually set out on a path of redemption , hoping that he could make up for his past through good deeds .
This doctrine is expressed in the Latin phrase '' leges posteriores priores contrarias abrogant '' .
Barker lives in Los Angeles , California .
The games are targeted at '' ages 10 and up '' and are rated '' E '' -LRB- '' Everyone '' -RRB- by the ESRB .
It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka and is located in the center of the district , the Union Council has a population of 65,776 .
Athena gave a vial of the healing blood to Asclepius , which ultimately brought about his demise .
The most important is the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia . The Constitution was approved in referendums held over 1898 â '' 1900 by the people of the Australian colonies , and the approved draft was enacted as a section of the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 -LRB- Imp -RRB- , an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Glow fuel is generally a mixture of methanol , nitromethane and oil .
In film and video , footage is the raw , unedited material as it had been originally filmed by movie camera or recorded by a video camera which usually must be edited to create a motion picture , video clip , television show or similar completed work .
PuTTY was written and is maintained primarily by Simon Tatham and is currently beta software .
A moon of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
Yzerman played his entire National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
The Mitsubishi A5M a Japanese carrier-based fighter aircraft .
Task parallelism -LRB- also known as function parallelism and control parallelism -RRB- is a form of parallelization of computer code across multiple processors in parallel computing environments . Task parallelism focuses on distributing execution processes -LRB- threads -RRB- across different parallel computing nodes .
St Andrews -LRB- Scots : Sanct Androis -RRB- , -LRB- -RRB- is a university town and former royal burgh on the east coast of Fife in Scotland .
Chaetodipus arenarius - Little Desert Pocket Mouse
As the dogs relied on their acute sense of smell , the dogs sought out familiar Soviet tanks instead of strange-smelling German tanks .
In cognitive linguistics , conceptual metaphor , or cognitive metaphor , refers to the understanding of one idea , or conceptual domain , in terms of another , for example , understanding quantity in terms of directionality -LRB- e.g. '' prices are rising '' -RRB- .
While the Second International was split by the outbreak of World War I , a skeleton form survived through the International Socialist Commission .
Arnold Josef Rosé -LRB- born Rosenblum , October 24 , 1863 , Ia i & ndash ; August 25 , 1946 , London -RRB- was a Romanian-born Austrian Jewish violinist .
Sömmerda is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the north of Thuringia , Germany .
These solar receivers are specially coated tubes made of glass and steel , which were designed and produced by Solel Solar Systems http://www.solel.com as well as by Schott Glass .
The municipal seat and main settlement is on Federal Highway 17 , which connects Agua Prieta with Hermosillo .
Status asthmaticus is an acute exacerbation of asthma that does not respond to standard treatments of bronchodilators and corticosteroids .
They were able to bring Florence under their family 's power , allowing for an environment where art and humanism could flourish .
The word arse in English derives from the Germanic root \* arsaz , which originated from the Proto-Indo-European root \* ors - meaning buttocks or backside .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive -LRB- administrative -RRB- and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
In 1891 Charles Norman Fay , a Chicago businessman , invited Theodore Thomas to establish an orchestra in Chicago . Conducted by Theodore Thomas under the name '' Chicago Orchestra '' , the Orchestra played its first concert on October 16 , 1891 at the Auditorium Theatre .
The European eel and other freshwater eels are eaten in Europe , the United States , and other places around the world .
Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila , or the University of the City of Manila -LRB- PLM -RRB- , is a municipal government-funded , tuition-free , university within the district of Intramuros in Manila , the Philippines .
It was discovered in Voyager 2 probe photographs taken in 1979 , making it the first natural satellite to be discovered from images taken by an interplanetary spacecraft , rather than through telescopic photography .
Orange City is located at .
After his brief return from exile , Napoleon was finally defeated in 1815 at the Battle of Waterloo , the monarchy was re-established -LRB- 1815 â '' 1830 -RRB- , but with new constitutional limitations .
Directly next to the area of the Palmengarten is the Frankfurt Botanical Garden , which belongs to the biology department of Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universit Ã t Frankfurt .
Gluons hold quarks together with a force like that of electric charge , but of far greater power .
Miribel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The year 1793 saw Wordsworth 's first published poetry with the collections An Evening Walk and Descriptive Sketches .
The law implies that mass can not be created or destroyed , although it may be rearranged in space and changed into different types of particles ; and that for any chemical process in a closed system , the mass of the reactants must equal the mass of the products .
Colorado is part of the Western United States , the Mountain States , and the Southwestern United States .
The '' VNV '' in the name stands for Victory , not Vengeance , in keeping with the group 's motto , '' One should strive to achieve , not sit in bitter regret . ''
is a place in which people are physically confined and , usually , deprived of a range of personal freedoms .
While Bush was Governor of Texas , Gonzales had served as his general counsel , and subsequently he served as Secretary of State of Texas and then on the Texas Supreme Court .
As per an agreement with the two cities , the Ravens are officially regarded as a new 1996 team while the league 's official history and records views the Browns as one continuous franchise that began in , suspended operations from -- , and resumed play in with new players .
Most of its 3,500-plus staff are engaged in field operations , with only around 10 % in its headquarters .
Seiling is a city in Dewey County , Oklahoma , United States .
Large private banks need large amounts of dollars to adjust accounts and lend to customers .
With lyrics by Henrik Lund and music composed by Jonathan Petersen , the anthem was officially adopted in 1916 .
Battle of Kressenbrunn : King Otakar II of Bohemia captures Styria from King Bela IV of Hungary .
Titsingh , Isaac .
It was revealed that the canister holds a brown buff and she officially joins Koror , while the challenges from there on out will be individual .
The flag made its first appearance on February 15 , 1965 ; the date is now celebrated annually as National Flag of Canada Day .
South America occupies the southern portion of the landmass sometimes referred to as the New World .
The Mexico national football team represents Mexico in international football competition and is managed by the Mexican Football Federation .
'' Whether it is waste must be determined ... by comparison with the definition set out in Article 1 -LRB- a -RRB- of Directive 75\/442 , as amended by Directive 91\/156 , that is to say the discarding of the substance in question or the intention or requirement to discard it ''
When Toussaint L'Ouverture took the eastern part of the Hispaniola island in the name of France , he gave the order to create the town of Barahona in 1802 as part of the Ozama Department .
It remained the country 's official flag during its time as a French protectorate , and was confirmed as the national flag of the Republic of Tunisia with the signing of the Constitution of Tunisia on 1 June 1959 .
Djeser-Djeseru sits atop a series of terraces that once were graced with lush gardens .
Raymond Thomas -LRB- Ray -RRB- Harford -LRB- 1 June 1945 -- 9 August 2003 -RRB- was an English footballer , better known for his successes as a coach and manager than as a player .
1995 & ndash ; A commuter train slams into a school bus in Fox River Grove , Illinois , killing seven students .
In September 1989 , Gaudian was freed on bail by the East German government and on October 17 1989 , he was transferred to West Berlin .
Vintage maps and village drawings can be found at the Australian library online , as well as photos of the tattooed and pierced Ibedul of Koror and Ludee .
Year 27 -LRB- XXVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Wednesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
The use of taboo in English dates back to 1777 when English explorer , Captain James Cook , visited Tonga .
Matsya , the fish , appeared in the Satya Yuga .
Land values plummet , and credit is increased .
Sir Francis Forbes -LRB- 1784 â '' 8 November 1841 -RRB- was a Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Newfoundland , and the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales .
at :2001 text : Sonic Adventure 2 ~ Sonic Adventure 2 Battle
If you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see .
On 7 December 2004 , at a meeting attended by the bosses of all the teams but Ferrari , Ecclestone offered a payout of Â # 260,000,000 over three years in return for unanimous renewal of the Concorde Agreement , which would guarantee the continuation of Formula One in its present form at least until the expiration of that contract .
Naphthalene , also known as naphthalin , bicyclo 4.4.0 deca-1 ,3,5,7,9 - pentene or antimite is a crystalline , aromatic , white , solid hydrocarbon with formula C10H8 and the structure of two fused benzene rings .
The Province of Bologna is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
The dealer shuffles the cards , the player on the chair to their right cuts , and the dealer deals the appropriate number of cards to the players one at a time , beginning with the player to their left .
Larches are conifers in the genus Larix , in the family Pinaceae .
Valery Gergiev Official website The '' Stars of the White Nights '' festival was originally started by the first mayor of St. Petersburg , Anatoly Sobchak , and has been held annually since 1993 .
David Bisconti -LRB- born 22 September 1968 -RRB- is a retired Argentine football player who played 12 times for the Argentina national team .
He further argued that , as humans develop , they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of developmentâ '' first in the oral stage -LRB- exemplified by an infant 's pleasure in nursing -RRB- , then in the anal stage -LRB- exemplified by a toddler 's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels -RRB- , then in the phallic stage .
Philotheus Boehner , born Heinrich Boehner -LRB- February 17 , 1901 -- May 22 , 1955 -RRB- was a member of the Franciscan order and a distinguished medieval scholar .
He has also appeared in most installments of the Mario Party series .
He was born in Kaysersberg in the province of Elsass-Lothringen -LRB- Alsace-Lorraine -RRB- , at the time in the German Empire .
B-flat major is a suitable key for most wind instruments , especially those for which it is their home key , such as clarinets , trumpets , tenor saxophone , soprano saxophone and the flutes in B-flat .
UK '' Mark 3 '' and '' Mark 4 '' after facelift ; Germany '' Fourth generation ''
But he added the scale of the disaster was such that '' we ca n't expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs '' .
AgnÃ s Sorel -LRB- 1421 -- 9 February 1450 -RRB- , known by the sobriquet Dame de beautÃ , was a favorite mistress of King Charles VII of France , to whom she bore three daughters .
The Democratic Party -LRB- , Demokratska stranka , -RRB- is a political party in Serbia .
Despite his technique , he was unable to play without vibrato .
and Grohl grew up living with his mother .
Based on its organization , Ana is estimated to have become a tropical storm by 0000 UTC on April 21 .
Francium -LRB- ; formerly known as eka-caesium and actinium K -RRB- is a chemical element that has the symbol Fr and atomic number 87 .
38.55 km2 -- City of Manila , Philippines
Youngest son of duke Aleksandr duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich lost his older brother duke Anton Alekjsandrovich .
In 1901 a Commonwealth Parliamentary Library was established to serve the newly formed Federal Parliament of Australia .
Execution by electrocution -LRB- usually referred to as the electric chair or simply the Chair after its method of implementation -RRB- is an execution method originating in the United States in which the person being killed is strapped to a specially built wooden chair and electrocuted through electrodes placed on the body .
QI -LRB- Quite Interesting -RRB- is a British comedy panel game television quiz show created and co-produced by John Lloyd , hosted by Stephen Fry , and featuring permanent panellist Alan Davies .
The railway to Mansfield reached the town from Tallarook in 1891 , and was closed on November 18 , 1978 .
Aubencheul-aux-Bois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
They are labelled Calomyscus bailwardi mystax or Calomyscus bailwardi , and probably represent either C. mystax or C. elburzensis .
It weakened slightly as it continued northwestward , and struck the Mexican mainland near Puerto Morelos , Quintana Roo , at 0330 UTC on October 22 , with winds of and gusts of up to .
At 0 ° C -LRB- 273.15 K , 32 ° F -RRB- brine can only hold 26.3 % salt .
She also won four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles .
1544 his son Christian III shared it with his brothers .
Launched in March 2003 as an Australian Federal Government initiative , and originally proposed in 1998 , the website was actively updated until 31 March 2007 , at which point its role transferred to that of an archive .
Penske Racing is a racing team that competes in the IndyCar Series and NASCAR .
While it was praised for its unique style and timeless artistry , its simple vector graphics proved difficult to market and the game was never afforded a release in North America .
It is the 2018th year of Common Era -LRB- also called Anno Domini -RRB- , the 18th of the 3rd millennium and the 21st century and the 9th of the 2010s .
For the original incarnations of the Northern League , which operated between 1902 and 1971 , see Northern League -LRB- baseball , 1902-71 -RRB-
Soon after Hermias ' death , Aristotle was invited by Philip II of Macedon to become the tutor to his son Alexander the Great in 343 BC .
It was created to improve the coordination between the local authorities in Greater London , and the Mayor of London 's role is to give London a single person to represent it .
The French socialists were strongly anti-war , but following the assassination of JaurÃ s in 1914 they were unable to resist the wave of militarism which followed the outbreak of World War I/O. They suffered a severe split over participation in the wartime government of national unity .
The red allotrope does not spontaneously ignite in air and is not as dangerous as the white form .
It is difficult to assess Schidlof 's separate contribution to the Amadeus , so much were the four a team , but his nickname '' Eagle ears '' shows just how insistent he always was on technical accuracy .
Young was once quoted as saying , '' Some may have thought it was essential to know how to curve a ball before anything else .
He became identified with the phrase '' In a worldâ '' , which has been used in movie trailers so frequently that it has become a clichÃ .
Memorials CNN September 11 Memorial - List of victims , and photos .
In April 1998 , when Flea visited him at his home and asked him to rejoin the band , Frusciante began sobbing and said '' nothing would make me happier in the world . ''
This movement was founded by Joseph Smith , Jr. , in the 1830s and 1840s , and Mormonism represents the branch of that movement led by Brigham Young after Smith 's death .
Retrieved on 2009-02-23 .
They bring the chariot to Ares ' Temple on the Intrepid , an aircraft carrier that has since now become a museum .
website = www.eku.edu
T cells belong to a group of white blood cells known as lymphocytes , and play a central role in cell-mediated immunity .
The NHL first expanded into the United States in 1924 with the founding of the Boston Bruins , and by 1926 consisted of ten teams in Ontario , Quebec , the Great Lakes region , and the Northeastern United States .
Brian Boitano won the gold medal , defeating Orser by .10 of a point .
network_type = Broadcast radio and television network
Prior to 1947 , it was a part of the Kashmir and Jammu area , it comes under the Jammu section which is part of the greater dispute between India and Pakistan .
In geometry , the parallel postulate , also called Euclid 's fifth postulate because it is the fifth postulate in Euclid 's Elements , is a distinctive axiom in Euclidean geometry .
There is some uncertainty as to its spectral class .
In the United Kingdom , '' unitary authorities '' are English or Welsh local authorities set up by the Local Government Act 1992 which form a single tier of local government , and are responsible for almost all local government functions within their areas .
In related uses , relief may also refer to :
It also include the same date -LRB- and time -RRB- duplicated in a hidden -LRB- by CSS -RRB- ISO date format , for use in microformats . This hidden date degrades gracefully when CSS is not available .
Poliomyelitis , often called polio or infantile paralysis , is an acute viral infectious disease spread from person to person , primarily via the fecal-oral route .
Rowling said in the same interview that until about halfway through the third book , his good friend Hermione Grangerâ '' written as the smartest student in Harry 's yearâ '' would have beaten Harry in a magical duel .
Youth Empowerment Scheme , a children 's charity in Belfast , Northern Ireland
January 1 -- Gulf Cooperation Council -LRB- GCC -RRB- countries to establish and introduce monetary union .
The fundamental materials of modern tires are synthetic rubber , natural rubber , fabric , and wire , along with other compound chemicals .
An intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- , critical care unit -LRB- CCU -RRB- , intensive therapy unit , or intensive treatment unit -LRB- ITU -RRB- is a specialized department in a hospital that provides intensive-care medicine .
Zwischbergen is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Each restaurant bakes and finishes the product throughout the day .
Organic matter -LRB- or organic material -RRB- is matter that has come from a once-living organism ; is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds .
Born in Zagazig to a Coptic Christian family , Moussa was known for his wide interest in science and culture , as well as his firm belief in the human intellect as a guarantor of progress and prosperity .
March 6 & ndash ; Anthony Carelli , Canadian professional wrestler
Ligron is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
September 10 & ndash ; John the Fearless , Duke of Burgundy is assassinated by adherents of the Dauphin .
Moreover , no ParquÃ s game is played in any other Latin American countries .
The Christian Biblical canon is the set of books Christians regard as divinely inspired and thus constituting the Christian Bible .
BlackBerry OS is second at 28 % , and iOS is ranked third with 22 % .
Neuville-sous-Montreuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
English art historian Douglas Cooper describes three phases of Cubism in his seminal book , The Cubist Epoch .
When the offer came for Romney to take over the troubled 2002 Olympic Winter Games , to be held in Salt Lake City in Utah , she urged him to take it , and eager for a new challenge , he did . On February 11 , 1999 , Romney was hired as the new president and CEO of the Salt Lake Organizing Committee .
Ayers participated in the bombings of New York City Police Department headquarters in 1970 , the United States Capitol building in 1971 , and the Pentagon in 1972 , as he noted in his 2001 book , Fugitive Days .
With his help , she was signed to LaFace Records , and went on to become a successful artist , selling more than eight million albums worldwide and having numerous top ten hits .
The naming is not rigidly standardized .
Encephalitis is an acute inflammation of the brain .
Travelcards can be purchased for a period of time varying from one day to a year , from Transport for London , National Rail and their agents .
He followed Jim Jim Creek down from the Arnhem Land escarpment , then went down the South Alligator before crossing to the East Alligator and proceeding north .
NHL career After the World Hockey Association folded in 1979 , the Edmonton Oilers and three other teams joined the NHL .
These remains were dated between 300,000 and 125,000 years old .
These cities were Havana , Istanbul , Leipzig , London , Madrid , Moscow , New York , Paris and Rio de Janeiro .
Lita then hit Foley in between the legs with a barbed wire bat and lit the table which then allowed Edge to perform a spear on Foley through the ring ropes through the flaming table on the outside . He then pinned Foley for the victory .
Calcite is a common constituent of sedimentary rocks , limestone in particular , much of which is formed from the shells of dead marine organisms . Approximately 10 % of sedimentary rock is limestone .
Behind the Paint was originally released in July 2003 , with a revised second edition released in August 2004 .
While a prisoner , he witnessed the fire bombing of Dresden in February 1945 which destroyed most of the city .
All have white eyelashes and one of six different eyecolors .
There are other points of tension between quantum mechanics and general relativity . There are a number of proposed quantum gravity theories .
Image : Stamp album sleeve .
67 , was written by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1804 -- 08 .
The first Portuguese governor is appointed to Macau .
Vaudricourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Notes See also Chaos theory Conservation law Conservation of mass Groundwater energy balance Laws of thermodynamics Noether 's theorem Principles of energetics Uncertainty principle Energy transformation Energy quality References Modern accounts Goldstein , Martin , and Inge F. , 1993 .
It lies 25 km south of Ludwigshafen and Mannheim .
He went on to became a vice-president of an industrial relations firm in .
Using the latest technology and a new concept in publishing , Mrs Beeton -LRB- 1836 -- 1865 -RRB- published her famous Book of Household Management in 24 monthly parts between 1857 and 1861 .
The first ten Roman numerals are
Irish is the language of conversation for teachers and pupils inside and near the school , and all pupils have a duty to speak Irish .
The hybrid sport was envisioned in 1992 by cartoonist Enki Bilal , and chess boxing was featured in his graphic novel Froid Ã quateur .
In 1888 , the community that would one day be known as '' Skokie '' was incorporated with the name Niles Centre .
Under their guidance , Hartmann steadily developed his tactics , which earned him the coveted Ritterkreuz mit Eichenlaub , Schwertern und Brillanten -LRB- Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves , Swords and Diamonds -RRB- on 25 August 1944 for claiming 301 aerial victories .
\* Offseason and\/or practice squad member only
Oarsmen grasp the oar at the other end .
Ardengus becomes bishop of Florence .
It declared independence from Britain unilaterally in August 1963 , before joining the Federation of Malaysia in September along with Malaya , Sabah and Sarawak as the result of the 1962 Merger Referendum of Singapore .
Schwalm-Eder is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the north of Hesse , Germany .
Charles Emmanuel died at the Palazzo Colonna in Rome on 6 October 1819 . He is buried in the Church of Sant ` Andrea al Quirinale .
Rough seas killed one Florida surfer in Pinellas County .
Island Taíno has been used to refer to those living in the Windward Islands only , those in the northern Caribbean only , or those living in any of the islands .
An electronegative atom such as fluorine , oxygen , or nitrogen is a hydrogen bond acceptor , regardless of whether it is bonded to a hydrogen atom or not . An example of a hydrogen bond donor is ethanol , which has a hydrogen bonded to oxygen ; an example of a hydrogen bond acceptor which does not have a hydrogen atom bonded to it is the oxygen atom on diethyl ether .
This event marked the beginning of the successful , 250-year co-operation between the Staatsoper and the Staatskapelle Berlin , the state orchestra , whose roots trace back to the 16th century .
Paletta played in the 2007 FIFA Club World Cup Final in which Boca Juniors lost 4 -- 2 against AC Milan .
Funding tied to NCLB received a 40.4 % increase from $ 17.4 billion in 2001 to $ 24.4 billion .
Thank you .
In the 1979 Stanley Cup Finals , Michel Larocque was scheduled to start game two .
Halo 3 is a first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie for Xbox 360 .
Medals are awarded in each event , with gold medals for first place , silver for second and bronze for third , a tradition that started in 1904 .
Citizen Kane is a 1941 American drama film , directed by and starring Orson Welles .
Richmond station is a suburban railway station in Melbourne , Australia .
The series began in April 2008 , and after several cameos , Piper made her official return as Rose in the series four final episodes '' Turn Left '' , '' The Stolen Earth '' and '' Journey 's End '' .
When Napoleon defeated Venice in 1797 , he found that Istria was populated by Italians on the coast and in the main cities , but the interior was populated mainly by Croats and Slovenians : this dual ethnicity in the same peninsula created a situation of antagonism between Slavs and Italians for the supremacy of Istria , when started the first nationalisms after Napoleon 's fall .
Lindsay Ann Hawker -LRB- December 30 , 1984 - March 24 , 2007 -RRB- was a 22-year old British citizen who was murdered in Japan in early 2007 .
Spinosaurus was really the predatory animal . '' In the film , Spinosaurus was portrayed as larger and more powerful than Tyrannosaurus : in a scene depicting a battle between the two resurrected predators , Spinosaurus emerges victorious by snapping the tyrannosaur 's neck .
When cooling is required , the cremasteric muscle relaxes and the testicle is lowered away from the warm body and is able to cool .
The more formal register of Urdu is sometimes referred to as zabÄ n-e-Urdu-e-mo ` alla -LRB- Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù Ù
Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens , on Borough Road , was the first municipally funded museum in the country outside London .
Although generally sleepwalking cases consist of simple , repeated behaviors , there are occasionally reports of people performing complex behaviors while asleep , although their legitimacy is often disputed .
University of Louisville -LRB- Louisville Cardinals -RRB- , 1995-2005
Do not make your signature so small that it is difficult to read .
There are three levels of NUTS defined , with two levels of local administrative units -LRB- LAUs -RRB- below .
The village has also been affected by violence between the Taliban and the government ; on 24 January 2008 the militants attacked the vehicle of former Health minister Syed Kamal Shah injuring his guard .
Mime , Alberich 's brother , is forging a blade in his cave within the forest .
A Shinto shrine is a structure whose main purpose is to house -LRB- '' enshrine '' -RRB- one or more Shinto kami .
Poverty alleviation Renewable energy projects in many developing countries have demonstrated that renewable energy can directly contribute to poverty alleviation by providing the energy needed for creating businesses and employment .
1948 & ndash ; The first successful tornado forecast predicts that a tornado will strike Tinker Air Force Base , Oklahoma .
Errors may arise from mechanical imprecision in slide rules that are warped by heat or use or that were poorly constructed to begin with .
Mike Cross -LRB- born 1946 in Maryville , Tennessee -RRB- Biography from Official Website is an American singer-songwriter and musician .
President Harry S. Truman called her the First Lady of the World , in honor of her extensive travels to promote human rights .
The latter part of the name can also be found as '' Binladen '' or -LRB- as used by his family in the West -RRB- '' Binladin '' .
Saint-Lambert-sur-Dives , commonly called Saint-Lambert , is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Early life Moeran was born in Heston -LRB- now in the London Borough of Hounslow -RRB- , the son of an Irish clergyman .
The 1957 Formula One season was the eighth season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
1882 & ndash ; Georges Braque , French painter -LRB- d. 1963 -RRB-
Barvas -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : Barabhas -RRB- is a settlement and a former parish -LRB- until 1975 -RRB- in the Isle of Lewis in Scotland .
Kristen NÃ el '' Kristy '' Swanson -LRB- born December 19 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress best known for playing Buffy in the 1992 film Buffy the Vampire Slayer , she also played Catherine '' Cathy '' Dollanganger in the movie version of the V.C. Andrews book Flowers in the Attic .
Until 1965 the station also served a line from Whitby and until 1950 from Pickering .
In the same year he became director of the Grammar section of the Esperanto Academy .
Climate Besançon is under the influence of both an oceanic climate -LRB- notable precipitations in quantity as much as in frequency -RRB- and a continental climate with hard winters -LRB- snow , frost -RRB- and warm and dry summers .
The Montreal Canadiens beat the Chicago Black Hawks three games to two in a best-of-five Stanley Cup final for their second consecutive Cup win .
August is the eighth month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with a length of 31 days .
The island is the ancestral homeland of the Highland Clan MacLeod , with those individuals on Harris being referred to as from the clan MacLeod of Harris or MacLeod of MacLeod , and those on Lewis being referred to as from the clan MacLeod of Lewis .
Fornjot was named after FornjÃ t , a giant in Norse mythology .
Both men were devoted to the cause of an intrinsically Russian art and quickly became friends .
In 1980 Anguilla was finally allowed to secede from Saint Kitts and Nevis and become a separate British colony -LRB- now termed a British overseas territory -RRB- .
The soprano voice was written in 1st line C clef -LRB- soprano clef -RRB- , the alto voice in 3rd line C clef -LRB- alto clef -RRB- , the tenor voice in 4th line C clef -LRB- tenor clef -RRB- and the bass voice in 4th line F clef -LRB- bass clef -RRB- .
That same year , István Kertész enrolled as a scholarship student at the Royal Academy of Music , now the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest , Hungary , where he studied violin , piano , and composition with Zoltán Kodály , Leó Weiner , and Rezsö Kókai .
The Sun , 19 October 2007 .
Papyrus is first known to have been used in ancient Egypt -LRB- at least as far back as the First dynasty -RRB- , but it was also used throughout the Mediterranean region .
Sun Records is a record label founded in Memphis , Tennessee , starting operations on March 27 , 1952 .
In response to pathogens some T cells , called T helper cells , produce cytokines that direct the immune response while other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules that contain powerful enzymes which induce the death of pathogen infected cells .
The ability to form this symbiosis reduces fertilizer costs for farmers and gardeners who grow legumes , and allows legumes to be used in a crop rotation to replenish soil that has been depleted of nitrogen .
Malay is one of four official languages of Singapore , and is a working language of East Timor , a consequence of over twenty years of Indonesian administration .
Book 4 -LRB- 425-423 BC -RRB- Annual invasion of Attica .
Following the digital release of Intimacy , Bloc Party announced that they would embark on a UK tour , their first since December 2007 .
Even so , to avoid becoming a private citizen and open to prosecution for his debts , Caesar left for his province before his praetorship had ended .
However , in a post-storm analysis from the NHC , it was found that Grace attained peak winds of 65 mph -LRB- 100 km\/h -RRB- , slightly lower than operationally stated .
The band has released seven studio albums , a live album -LRB- Burning Japan Live 1999 -RRB- , two DVDs and three EPs .
Revolution Science Fiction magazine , which described the film as '' stirring and dramatic '' writes that the short '' gets right to the point , and nails the adaptation . ''
George Harrison described the song as '' a typical 1950s -- '60s - period song because of its chord structure . ''
Three of these nominations were for the first three films directed by Baz Luhrmann -LRB- Moulin Rouge !
The estimated population of the Denver-Aurora-Boulder Combined Statistical Area was 2,998,878 in 2007 -LRB- 15th most populous CSA -RRB- .
Lützow-Lübstorf Alt Meteln Badow-Renzow Brüsewitz Cramonshagen Dalberg-Wendelstorf Gottesgabe Grambow Klein Trebbow Lübstorf Lützow1 Perlin Pingelshagen Pokrent Seehof Zickhusen 6 .
When Kublai Khan established the Yuan Dynasty in 1271 , he had his grandfather Genghis Khan placed on the official record as the founder of the dynasty or Taizu .
Indeed , he was far from forgotten , having been knighted in 1951 and received the Order of Merit in 1967 .
Berrias-et-Casteljau is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Victoria is served by Seychelles International Airport -LRB- completed in 1971 . -RRB-
On the north-side , the mountain borders the Drôme département .
1066 & ndash ; Norman Conquest : Battle of Hastings & ndash ; In England on Senlac Hill , seven miles from Hastings , the forces of William the Conqueror defeat the English army and kill King Harold II of England .
The Philomathean Society of the University of Pennsylvania is founded -LRB- the oldest continuously-existing literary society in the United States -RRB- .
Javanthropus soloensis
Many modern and also some old symmetric block ciphers are based on Feistel networks -LRB- e.g. GOST 28147-89 block cipher -RRB- , and the structure and properties of Feistel ciphers have been extensively explored by cryptographers .
The description refers to the villans , the ploughs , 8 a of meadow , and woodland pasture , which is given as two leagues by a league .
She died at the age of 75 in Albany , New York .
Although it is now difficult to be certain , the scales , claws , some protective armor and the beaks of dinosaurs were probably composed of keratin .
The Assistant Secretary is responsible for overseeing the $ 400 billion Federal Housing Administration insurance portfolio .
Pi Day is a holiday commemorating the mathematical constant Ï -LRB- pi -RRB- .
Five different versions of the album were released , the 2CD version , DVD , the Deluxe Box Set , 5LP Box Set and the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
According to Juan de Velasco 's 1767 book Historia del Reino de Quito , the Quitu were conquered by the Caras tribe , who founded the Kingdom of Quito about 980 A.D. For more than four centuries under the kings -LRB- shyris -RRB- o
The other branch flows north from Rigu and joins the first branch at Astore .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- -LRB- known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE -RRB- and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
Trasadingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
The idea was to indicate tongue-in-cheek â '' the hyphen represented a tongue , not a nose :
TIFF was chosen as the native format for raster graphics in the NeXTstep operating system ; this TIFF support carried over into Mac OS X. Adobe Systems , which acquired Aldus , now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification .
In 1980 he died in a nursing home in Cookham after a short illness .
In this closed system , energy can not be created or destroyed ; therefore , the initial energy and the final energy will be equal to each other .
Nevertheless , without the resources his allies could contribute , or reinforcements from Carthage , Hannibal could not make further significant gains .
Although now called rondo form , the form started off in the Baroque period as the ritornello , from the Italian word ritornare meaning '' to return '' - indicating the return to the original theme or motif -LRB- '' A '' -RRB- .
Article XVI of the regulations adopted Germany 's Notzeichen distress signal as the international standard , reading : '' Ships in distress shall use the following signal : · · · -- -- -- · · · repeated at brief intervals '' .
Large scale maps , using this projection , look different than those with which most are familiar .
These submarines often have a system which can get oxygen from the surrounding seawater as well , this combination allows them to stay above the water surface until the food runs out .
Crochet Explained and Illustrated , by Cornelia Mee .
Such declarations are typically made without the consent of the parent state , and hence are sometimes called unilateral declarations of independence -LRB- UDI -RRB- , particularly by those who question the declarations ' validity .
Wood tar is microbicidal and has a pleasant odor -- a sweet musky scent much like that of barbecue .
In the United States and Canada the standard lengths of lumber are 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 14 , 16 , 18 , 20 , 22 , and 24 feet .
The distance between both rows is a halftone distance .
College football refers to American football played by teams of student athletes fielded by American universities , colleges and military academies .
; Brown , Delmer et al .
After retiring from NASA in 1970 he took a job in the Department of State as Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs .
She was a member of the band Shakespears Sister , along with Siobhan Fahey of Bananarama .
Howard 's biggest hit and signature song is the 1966 country hit , '' Evil on Your Mind , '' included in the book , Heartaches By the Number : The 500 Greatest Country Music Singles .
Depending on the model , it has a range of between 6700 t/O. It is similar in design to the twin-engined A330 with which it was concurrently designed .
Cunnilingus is the act of using the mouth , lips , and tongue to stimulate the female genitals .
WWE Raw claimed to have earned the distinction of having the most original episodes of any fictional weekly program on August 2 , 2005 when it broadcasted the 636th episode .
Woodstock was initiated through the efforts of Michael Lang , John Roberts , Joel Rosenman , and Artie Kornfeld .
Daniel Robert '' Bob '' Graham -LRB- born November 9 , 1936 -RRB- is an American politician .
They were first observed in 1869 by German physicist Johann Hittorf , and were named in 1876 by Eugen Goldstein kathodenstrahlen , or cathode rays .
The premiere of episodes 52 â '' 61 throughout the week of Sozin 's Comets release received a total of 19 million views , and Avatar reached Neilsen 's list of Top 20 Cable Results for the week ending June 20 , 2008 four times .
Generalized signs and symptoms associated with chronic hepatitis C include fatigue , flu-like symptoms , joint pains , itching , sleep disturbances , appetite changes , nausea , and depression .
The main difference is the electron configuration , which is ns2 for alkaline earth metals and ns1 for alkali metals . For the alkaline earth metals , there are two electrons that are available to form a metallic bond , and the nucleus contains an additional positive charge .
Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Eric Patrick Clapton CBE -LRB- born 30 March 1945 -RRB- is an English blues-rock guitarist , singer , songwriter , and composer .
Cape Lookout is part of Carteret County , 11 miles southeast of Beaufort , NC .
The A above middle C is usually set at 440 Hz -LRB- often written as '' A = 440 Hz '' or sometimes '' A440 '' -RRB- , although other frequencies are also often used , such as 442 Hz .
It threatened , but did not reach , the aristocratic district of Westminster , Charles II 's Palace of Whitehall , and most of the suburban slums .
PepsiCo took great advantage of the campaign with television commercials reporting the results to the public .
In an attempt to feed their hungry teammates , Ian and Tom killed a snake and tried to use its blood as bait for sharks , but failed .
Mike Garson -- Piano on '' Right ''
It is the dominant form of Islam in Oman and Zanzibar .
Edward VIII -LRB- Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; later The Duke of Windsor ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 -RRB- was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions , and Emperor of India from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December 1936 .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Duisburg , Germany , since 2007
The Maya civilization shares many features with other Mesoamerican civilizations due to the high degree of interaction and cultural diffusion that characterized the region .
King John II of Poland -LRB- 1649 -- 1668 -RRB- .
The Pegnitz is a small river in Franconia in the German federal state of Bavaria .
Berlancourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
He is also known as one of the founders of proof theory , mathematical logic and the distinction between mathematics and metamathematics .
J.M. Waterhouse : The Modern Pre-Raphaelite Gallery Guide .
Levine said that '' it was just so clear in talking to her about all this fantasy that I was basically talking to Leslie , that she had that same kind of spark and magical presence .
The diet consists mainly of fruits and figs .
After an early period of success , the Concert began to weaken as the common goals of the Great Powers were gradually replaced by growing political and economic rivalries .
Hala Basha-Gorani -LRB- Arabic : Ù Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ù -RRB- -LRB- born 1 March 1970 -RRB- , is an American anchor\/correspondent for CNN International based in the network 's headquarters in Atlanta , Georgia .
In 2002 , Toyota F1 driver Allan McNish suffered a high-speed crash through the bump , which sent him through a metal fence ; fortunately , he was not seriously injured .
Hamilton won the on the road , however he was later judged to have gained an unfair advantage by cutting a chicane when he used a tarmac run off area to avoid hitting Kimi RÃ ikkÃ nen .
In August 1995 , Raghad and her husband Hussein Kamel al-Majid and Rana and her husband , Saddam Kamel al-Majid , defected to Jordan , taking their children with them .
The name fancy rat derives from the idea of animal fancy or the phrase , '' to fancy '' -LRB- to like , or appreciate -RRB- .
He had his first match that night , defeating Shelton Benjamin , although he lost a rematch to Benjamin on the July 9 episode of ECW .
She is best known for her roles as Mitchie Torres in the Disney Channel Original Movie , Camp Rock and its sequel , ' , and as Sonny Munroe in Sonny With a Chance .
He constructed many beautiful buildings in Turin , for instance the Palazzo Reale .
Rehearsing and performing Morse 's compositions at the University of Miami brought some attention to his credibility as a composer and player .
The Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was the 54th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest and was hosted by Russia after their win in 2008 .
David Ogden Stiers -LRB- born October 31 , 1942 -RRB- is an actor , voice actor , and musician , noted for his role in the television sitcom M * A * S * H as Major Charles Emerson Winchester III and the science fiction drama The Dead Zone as Reverend Gene Purdy .
Another meaning is something that sticks up from a flat surface , and when you push it , it makes something happen .
In the final match of the tournament , held on the February 20 edition of Raw , Triple H faced Rob Van Dam -LRB- RVD -RRB- and The Big Show in a Triple Threat match .
Jane Ellen Harrison , on the other hand , claims that many primitive cultures use similar ritual masks in order to scare the owner from doing something wrong , or , as she terms it , to make an ugly face at him : '' The ritual object comes first ; then the monster is begotten to account for it ; then the hero is supplied to account for the slaying of the monster '' .
This understanding is concentrated in the formulation : '' disasters occur when hazards meet vulnerability . ''
Château - Thierry
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Al-Ahli Football Club - Dubai won the championship .
Oxnard -LRB- -RRB- is the largest city in Ventura County , California in terms of population .
8 Individual stages
The settlement is named variously Palm Island , the Mission , Palm Island Settlement or Palm Community .
Resolution of the TEM is limited primarily by spherical aberration , but a new generation of aberration correctors have been able to partially overcome spherical aberration to increase resolution .
Jared released a small amount of information about his trip to Hawaii , and recorded a song called '' Hurricane '' with Kanye West .
Alejandro Celestino Toledo Manrique -LRB- born 28 March 1946 -RRB- is a Peruvian politician who was President of Peru from 2001 to 2006 .
As a result , the original Victoria Cross is sometimes referred to as the '' Commonwealth Victoria Cross '' or the '' Imperial Victoria Cross '' , to distinguish it from the newer awards .
History The city was founded in 1889 in what was then the French colony Haut-Oubangui -LRB- ` Upper Ubangi ' -RRB- , later renamed Oubangui-Chari and made part of French Equatorial Africa .
An Ottoman naval officer in the War Office described the planning : On the night of April 24 , 1915 , the Ottoman government rounded-up and imprisoned an estimated 250 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders .
Art Ross bitterly complained about the Stanley Cup final setup .
Founded in 1869 , Santa Ana is located in Southern California on the Santa Ana River , away from the California coast .
By 600 BC , British society changed again .
Fraser left politics when the seat was abolished in 1991 .
See Infobox for an introduction to infoboxes and information on how to design them .
Monica Lewinsky scandal : On the day of his 52nd birthday , U.S. President Bill Clinton admits in taped testimony that he had an '' improper physical relationship '' with White House intern Monica Lewinsky .
Here are some quick and easy ways to improve Wikipedia pages : Common edits Words that are being defined , described , or referenced as words should be italicized .
The Royals have participated in two World Series , winning in 1985 .
OuÃ zy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The town was destroyed and buried by an earthquake on December 2 , 1562 , and the survivors relocated to the present site on the banks of the Camú River .
Between 2004 and 2010 he served as Commissioner for Energy .
Michel Foucault -LRB- -RRB- , born Paul-Michel Foucault -LRB- 15 October 1926 -- 25 June 1984 -RRB- , was a French philosopher , sociologist and historian .
Their home arena since 1992 has been the US Airways Center , which was formerly known as America West Arena , in downtown Phoenix .
The award is named for Bobby Dodd , longtime head football coach at Georgia Tech and was established in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd exemplified .
Fort Collins High School , Fort Collins , Colorado .
The trumpet is used in many forms of music , including classical music and jazz .
The Prince Frederick , Duke of York and Albany -LRB- Frederick Augustus ; 16 August 1763 â '' 5 January 1827 -RRB- was a member of the Hanoverian and British Royal Family , the second eldest child , and second son , of King George III .
As of 2000 , the population was 49,329 .
Oliver Cromwell 's letters and speeches , with elucidations ; Coward , Barry -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
1778 & ndash ; Sir Humphry Davy , English chemist and physicist -LRB- d. 1829 -RRB-
While singing with Gillespie , Fitzgerald recalled , '' I just tried to do -LRB- with my voice -RRB- what I heard the horns in the band doing . ''
Its continental area is between the Andes mountain range in the west and the southern Atlantic Ocean in the east and south containing .
Developmental Dictatorship and the Park Chung-hee Era -LRB- Homa & Sekey , 2006 -RRB- His rule was ended by his assassination in 1979 .
There is a Windows tool called cd2usb to create Ubuntu and Super OS Live USBs .
He concluded his LPO tenure in 1996 .
Vivaise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
2
Microorganisms are critical to nutrient recycling in ecosystems as they act as decomposers .
On 14 March 1622 , while playing with her ladies , Anne fell on a staircase and suffered her second miscarriage , for which Louis blamed her and was angry with Mme de Luynes for having encouraged the Queen in what was seen as negligence .
The film opens with a gathering of a large number of animals around Pride Rock in Africa , where a wise mandrill , Rafiki , presents Simba , the newborn son of the lion King and Queen , Mufasa and Sarabi .
He is the son of Carlos Colón , Sr. and the younger brother of professional wrestlers Stacy and Carly Colón , who formerly wrestled as Carlito in WWE .
Costello was famous for his bumbling , chubby , clean-cut image that has appealed to many Americans over the decades , and for his shouted line of '' HEEEEYYY ABBOTT !
His often repetitive , sensitive and exploratory brushstrokes are highly characteristic and clearly recognizable .
Liberal Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- GDR -RRB- -LRB- 1946-52 -RRB-
Waterloo Script was created at the University of Waterloo later .
A second influx of Austronesian immigrants began in the early 20th century under the Dutch and continues in the Indonesian era .
In those treated for diabetes a diagnosis of hypoglycemia can be made based on the presence of a low blood sugar alone . Otherwise Whipple 's triad is required which include symptoms consistent with hypoglycemia , a low blood sugar , and resolution of these symptoms once the blood sugar improves .
Jeff Hardy defeated Snitsky on the February 18 edition of RAW .
JosÃ LuÃ s Santos da VisitaÃ Ã # o , or simply ZÃ LuÃ s -LRB- born March 23 , 1979 in Salvador -RRB- , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
New York : W.H. Freeman and Company , 1999 .
May 10 & ndash ; Battle of Cameirge : The Milesian Irish Septs of the O'Donnells from Donegal , the O'Neills from Armagh and the O'Dohertys of Connacht defeat the last Tuathe de Danaan Sept the MacLochlainns of Tir-owen and Inish-Owen under Domhnall MacLochlainn .
The mosque is popularly known as the Blue Mosque for the blue tiles adorning the walls of its interior .
Awards and recognition Groundwater 's literary works have won multiple awards .
Each government pledged $ 100,000 to the school at Shantiniketan -LRB- Visva-Bharati -RRB- in commemoration of his visits .
Decide whether to go to war
Introduced in 1572 , it is one of the first tricolors and the oldest tricolor still in use today .
Kano has long been the economic center of northern Nigeria , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts . Kano houses the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos routed through Kaduna , while Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport lies nearby .
The carpets manufactured in Kilmarnock were internationally known for their quality and intricacy since the late 19th century .
In 1986 , the BBC released the BBC Domesday Project , the results of a project to create a survey to mark the 900th anniversary of the original Domesday Book . In August 2006 the contents of Domesday went on-line , with an English translation of the book 's Latin .
Viessoix is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The hind wing is yellow-orange in males and white in females .
Bentheuphausia amblyops is a species of krill , small shrimp-like crustaceans living in the ocean .
March 16 & ndash ; Edward , the Black Prince is crowned Duke of Cornwall .
The Province of Teramo is located in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
As this sequence is unbounded , 1 is not an element of the Mandelbrot set . On the other hand , c = i -LRB- where i is defined as i2 = 1 -RRB- gives the sequence 0 , i , -LRB- 1 + i -RRB- , i , -LRB- 1 + i -RRB- , i , ... , which is bounded and so i belongs to the Mandelbrot set .
Thirty-three men trapped 700 m underground some 5 k from the mine entrance subsequently survived for a record 69 days .
1939 & ndash ; Luther Allison , American musician -LRB- d. 1997 -RRB-
He commanded the Confederate Indian cavalry of the Army of the Trans-Mississippi made up mostly of Cherokee , Muskogee and Seminole .
When people are eating with chopsticks they usually do n't also use a knife and fork .
Football Club de Nantes is a French association football club who play at the Stade de la Beaujoire in Nantes , Pays de la Loire .
Their DH Press imprint publishes novelizations of their more popular comic book titles , including Aliens and Predator .
Queen consort On 9 January 1878 , Humbert succeeded as the new King of Italy .
The lyrics were written by BjÃ rnstjerne BjÃ rnson between 1859 and 1868 , and the melody was written by his cousin Rikard Nordraak in 1864 .
Azua -LRB- -RRB- is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Kosuke Suda -LRB- born February 4 , 1980 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
BenoÃ t Pierre David Assou-Ekotto -LRB- born 24 March 1984 in Arras , France -RRB- is a French-born Cameroonian footballer who plays for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur as a left back .
In response to Voldemort 's reappearance , Dumbledore has re-activated the Order of the Phoenix , a secret society which works to defeat Voldemort 's minions and protect his targets . Despite Harry 's description of Voldemort 's recent activities , the Ministry of Magic and many others in the magical world refuse to believe that Voldemort has returned , and are causing a smear campaign against Harry and Dumbledore .
Saint-Beno Ã t-d ` HÃ bertot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Since 1835 Wirksworth 's citizens had been promoting the idea , among others , for a branch line from the North Midland Railway , later the Midland Railway , at Duffield .
Some Muslims believe in evolutionary creation , especially among Liberal movements within Islam .
Surface observations by manned or automatic stations are the only direct confirmation of freezing rain . One can never see directly freezing rain , rain or snow on weather radars , Doppler or conventional .
Murrurundi , which is 193 km by road from Newcastle and 309 km from Sydney , has a population of 2162 people -LRB- ABS 2006 -RRB- .
All three were replaced by overhead working before World War I. Notes See also Ground-level power supply Kingsway tramway subway Railway electrification system Tramway tracks Third rail External links Article on NYC conduits Illustrated articles on London 's conduits and the Kingsway Tram Subway .
Holst composed the work over the period of 1918 to 1922 .
The state of Tasmania consists of the island of Tasmania and surrounding islands , and in addition there are 6 island territories , known as external territories , and a claim to a territory in Antarctica .
This list of tallest buildings in New York City ranks skyscrapers in the U.S. city of New York City , New York by height .
Charles was interred in the Church of the Annunciation of Our Lady , in the Franciscan Kostanjevica Monastery -LRB- now in Nova Gorica , Slovenia -RRB- .
Spinosaurus appeared prominently in the 2001 film Jurassic Park III .
Shock -LRB- circulatory -RRB- , a circulatory medical emergency
The JR lines and T ky T yoko Line use parallel platforms on the second floor , while the Tokyo Metro Hanz mon Line and T ky Den-en-toshi Line share platforms underground , and the Kei Inokashira Line uses platforms on the second floor of the Shibuya Mark City building to the west of the main station complex .
The name Iris was retired in the spring of 2002 by the World Meteorological Organization and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
A Carnival Christmas is the third EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on December 6 , 1994 by Psychopathic Records .
Clive Barker -LRB- born 5 October 1952 -RRB- is an English author , film director and visual artist best known for his work in both fantasy and horror fiction .
His greatest achievement yet was coaching the Spanish national football team to win their first FIFA World Cup 2010 title in South Africa .
Martha Washington Jefferson Randolph -LRB- \* September 27 , 1772 & ndash ; October 10 , 1836 -RRB- was the daughter of Thomas Jefferson , the third President of the United States , and his wife Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson .
Urville is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The building was moved to its present location in 1832 and served as a school before it became a museum .
Outside of his political work , Trenchard took on the chairmanship of the United Africa Company , which had sought out Trenchard because of his West African knowledge and experience . In 1936 Trenchard was upgraded from Baron to Viscount Trenchard .
Thomas Leo '' Tom '' Clancy Jr. -LRB- born April 12 , 1947 -RRB- His Who 's Who entry gives his date of birth as March 12 , 1947 .
He is also a recreational mathematician and amateur philosopher .
Considering surface green spaces per inhabitant -LRB- numbers available on the encyclopedia site Quid , at the bottom of the page
He believed in the unity of opposites , stating that '' the path up and down are one and the same '' , existing things being characterized by pairs of contrary properties , and other explorations of the concept of dualism .
Recording sessions for the album took place during October 2006 to April 2007 at Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles .
It breeds in southern Asia from southern Pakistan ; within Pakistan it is designated as the provincial bird of Sindh , also occurs across the Republic of India to Indonesia .
The logical operation exclusive disjunction , also called exclusive or -LRB- symbolized XOR , EOR , EXOR , or & oplus ; -RRB- , is a type of logical disjunction on two operands that results in a value of true if exactly one of the operands has a value of true .
Hernán Jorge Crespo -LRB- born 5 July 1975 -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Genoa of the Italian Serie A and for the Argentine national team .
Lula Grace Johnson -LRB- born March 13 , 1930 -RRB- , better known as Jan Howard , is an American country music singer and Grand Ole Opry star .
This will be the final and decisive battle .
For the railway itself see Orbost railway line The Bairnsdale Line is a regional passenger rail service operated by V/Line in Victoria , Australia .
Some hits by Ekimyan were chosen for the '' Song of the Year '' all-Soviet festivals during the 1970s - '80s '' Pesnya goda '' / '' Song of the Year '' festival 's archive -LRB- 1976 -- 1982 -RRB- .
They lived in several '' culture areas '' , which roughly correspond to geographic and biological zones and give a good indication of the main lifeway or occupation of the people who lived there -LRB- e.g. the Bison hunters of the Great Plains , or the farmers of Mesoamerica -RRB- .
The voltmeter works by measuring the current through a fixed resistor , which , according to Ohm 's Law , is proportional to the voltage across the resistor .
For the common table sugar , see sucrose .
Cormier became a full-time writer after the success of his first novel for teenagers , The Chocolate War , followed by others such as I Am the Cheese and After the First Death .
The first Mechanics ' Institute in Ballan was built in 1861 , with the current Mechanics ' Institute built on land purchased in 1881 , although the façade was demolished and rebuilt in 1922 .
According to Jewish tradition , God inscribes each person 's fate for the coming year into a book , the Book of Life , on Rosh Hashanah , and waits until Yom Kippur to '' seal '' the verdict .
In 1997 , Fischer was awarded the '' Prix d'Espoir '' by the Foundation of European Industry .
Colloquial usage of the term gene -LRB- e.g. '' good genes , '' hair color gene '' -RRB- may actually refer to an allele : a gene is the basic instruction , a sequence of nucleic acid -LRB- DNA or , in the case of certain viruses RNA -RRB- , while an allele is one variant of that instruction .
History The first recorded mention of football in Ireland was in 1308 , when John McCrocan , a spectator at a football game at Newcastle , Down was charged with accidentally stabbing a player named William Bernard .
The flowers of Jamun are fragrant and small , about 5 mm in diameter .
None of them can tolerate freshwater , but a few species tolerate more or less brackish water .
These stories were written when Kipling lived in Vermont .
This transition function tells the automaton which state to go to next given a current state and a current symbol .
The geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other otherwise enigmatic features in the geological record .
At birth , his father gave Jeong the courtesy name Gwinong , -LRB- ê ë \/O/ æ è 3\/4 -RRB- , which means '' returning to the land . ''
The opposite of the mainstream are subcultures , countercultures , cult followings , and -LRB- in fiction -RRB- genre .
He was a son of Zebedee and Salome , and brother of John the Apostle .
The club achieved its highest ever league position , seventh , in 1987 , and won the League Cup a year later with a 3 -- 2 win over Arsenal .
Thal District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated in the center of the canton .
Soon afterwards , a small settlement was established in Flying Fish Cove by G. Clunies Ross , the owner of the Cocos -LRB- Keeling -RRB- Islands -LRB- some 900 k to the south west -RRB- to collect timber and supplies for the growing industry on Cocos .
Since the early 1970s he has toured the world , giving lectures and meditation courses , and together with his wife Hannah Nydahl -LRB- 1946-2007 -RRB- , he has founded Diamond Way Buddhism , a world wide lay organisation of Karma Kagyu Buddhism .
May 1 & ndash ; Mozart 's opera The Marriage of Figaro premieres in Vienna .
In recent decades , as more emphasis has been placed on full personal development , other similar quotients have appeared .
Chanhudaro was first excavated by Nani Gopal Majumdar in March , 1930 and again during winter field session of 1935-36 by the American School of Indic and Iranian Studies and the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston team led by Ernest John Henry Mackay .
Launay-Villiers is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
'' Soldier '' produced by Knowles and Harrison and released as the album 's second single in fall 2004 .
BSC Young Boys -LRB- officially : Berner Sport Club Young Boys 1898 -RRB- is a Swiss sports club based in Bern .
Equal opportunity
Koussevitzky also commissioned many new pieces from prominent composers , including the Symphony No. 4 of Sergei Prokofiev and the Symphony of Psalms by Igor Stravinsky .
Atlanta 's main rival bid came from the city of Miami , Florida who proposed to host the event at Sun Life Stadium along with WrestleMania Axxess at the Convention Center and the WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the American Airlines Arena .
Potassiumâ '' argon dating or Kâ '' Ar dating is a radiometric dating method used in geochronology and archeology .
It was decided soon after to replace all trams in London by '' more modern vehicles . ''
In 1916 â '' 1917 he participated in exhibitions of the Jack of Diamonds group in Moscow together with Nathan Altman , David Burliuk and A. Ekster , among others .
The Everett Symphony -LRB- est . 1935 -RRB- performs at the Everett Civic Auditorium . The city is also home to the Everett Chorale , which holds their concerts at the Everett Performing Arts Center .
See also List of thinking-related topics Conceptual metaphor Conceptual blending False analogy Portal : thinking Metaphor Allegory References External links Dictionary of the History of Ideas : Analogy in Early Greek Thought .
Saint-Gatien-des-Bois is a commune in the Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
District Government Abbottabad It is located at an altitude of 1251 metres -LRB- 4107 feet -RRB- and lies in the west of the district .
The Jews are expelled from Paris by Philip II of France .
Shortly after L'elisir d'amore , Donizetti composed Lucia di Lammermoor , based on the Sir Walter Scott novel The Bride of Lammermoor .
Chemists abbreviate acetate as OAc & minus ; and AcO & minus ; .
Saint-Mars-la-Bri ère is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Saint-Jean-sur-Reyssouze is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The appearance of marble can be simulated with faux marbling , a painting technique that imitates the stone 's color patterns .
Avon , South Australia
Family Psiloxylaceae
Clemente Juan RodrÃ guez -LRB- born July 31 , 1981 in Buenos Aires -RRB- is an Argentine football who plays for Boca Juniors in the Argentine Primera DivisiÃ n/O. He is right footed , and can play in both sides as full back .
In the 19th century , improvements in ammunition and firing methods allowed rifling to be practical for military use , and the rifled musket became common .
Persistent hypertension is one of the risk factors for strokes , heart attacks , heart failure and arterial aneurysm , and is a leading cause of chronic renal failure .
Back bacon comes from the loin in the middle of the back of the pig .
Chromatin is the combination of DNA and other proteins that make up the contents of the nucleus .
The Chinese invent toilet paper for use by their emperors .
Mitch formed in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22 , and after drifting through extremely favorable conditions , it rapidly strengthened to peak at Category 5 status , the highest possible rating on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Derek O'Brien -- drums , backing vocals
It is the U.S. Army 's intention that the IFV replace the M113 APC by 2018 , the M2 Bradley later , and the Stryker ICV in the midterm .
After dictating to her in an indulgent , paternal manner , Hitler selects Traudl Junge -LRB- Alexandra Maria Lara -RRB- .
On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 52.43 km , had 7,466 inhabitants , giving a population density of 142.4 inhabitants per km .
R. L. Rudnick -RRB- volume 3 , pages 321-348 of Treatise on Geochemistry -LRB- eds .
According to The Commercial Appeal , Jones had not listened to the show before the incident , and was unaware of its ideology .
However , it can also be used to write other languages , such as English -LRB- most of Tolkien 's tengwar samples are actually in English -RRB- .
The Children 's Crusade , led by 12-year-old Stephen of Cloyes , sets out for the Holy Land from France .
Saint-Martin-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Imperial Gazetteer of India described the tehsil of Toba Tek Singh as follows :
The total area of the district is 1516 square kilometres and is divided into three Tehsils .
It was built by John Mowlem & Co and opened on 21 January 1964 .
These independent traditions are not derivative of Western opera , but are rather distinct forms of musical theater .
The main market offers a variety of goods from food to electronic gadgets .
Francis Anthony Aylmer Maude -LRB- born 4 July 1953 -RRB- is a British politician , member of the Conservative Party and current Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General as well as a Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- representing the constituency of Horsham .
One of Britten 's most noteworthy works from the 1930s was Variations on a Theme of Frank Bridge for string orchestra , Op .
In the United States some top-level open wheel events are held on ovals , of both short track and superspeedway variety , with an emphasis being placed more on speed and endurance than the manueverability inherently required by road and street course events .
It was 1926 before the orchestra was resurrected , with its members rehearsing for no fee , and each contributing money to make a new season the following year possible .
It is named after Umberto Dall ` Olmo -LRB- 1925 -- 1980 -RRB- , who was an amateur astronomer with degrees in both law and physics , who principally observed Jupiter and studied flare stars with Rosino .
Quinine -LRB- , -RRB- is a natural white crystalline alkaloid having antipyretic -LRB- fever-reducing -RRB- , antimalarial , analgesic -LRB- painkilling -RRB- , anti-inflammatory properties and a bitter taste .
Ultramega OK earned the band a Grammy Award nomination for Best Metal Performance in 1990 .
At Titan 's south pole , an enigmatic dark feature named Ontario Lacus was the first suspected lake identified , possibly created by clouds that are observed to cluster in the area .
He is best known for his tenure with World Wrestling Federation , under the ring name Razor Ramon , as well as in World Championship Wrestling under his real name .
He was executed by hanging .
The name -LRB- and often the locale or provenance -RRB- of the dish
The Mafeking Cadet Corps was a group of youths that supported the troops by carrying messages , which freed the men for military duties and kept the boys occupied during the long siege .
He is most famous for publishing the Musica transalpina -LRB-/O1588/O-RRB- , a collection of Italian madrigals with their words translated into English .
On Nintendo DS and Nintendo DS Lite systems users can only write messages in black .
Members participate in baseball , men 's and women 's basketball , men 's and women 's cross country , football , men 's and women 's golf , rowing -LRB- women 's -RRB- , men 's and women 's soccer , softball , men 's and women 's swimming , men 's and women 's tennis , men 's and women 's indoor and outdoor track and field , and volleyball .
Valdeblore is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Strongly sheared tropical cyclones weaken as the upper circulation is blown away from the low level center .
Nunarput , utoqqarsuanngoravit niaqqut ulissimavoq qiinik .
The North Stars played 2,062 regular season games and made the NHL playoffs fifteen times , including two Stanley Cup Finals appearances .
The turning point in the war came when Burnham and a young scout named Bonar Armstrong found their way through Matobo Hills to the sacred cave where Mlimo had been hiding .
Personal life Haitink has five children from his first marriage to Marjolein Snijder .
The Province of Genoa -LRB- It . Provincia di Genova -RRB- is a province in the Liguria region of Italy .
Lion-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The couple married on May 8 , 1575 , in the little palace of Varannó .
The first scene of '' Invasion of the Bane '' to be shown was on 8 December 2006 , during a BBC Breakfast interview with Sladen , and was released a day later on the interactive advent calendar on the Doctor Who microsite .
Vernon is a city in the south-central region of British Columbia , Canada .
The left side -LRB- see left heart -RRB- collects oxygenated blood from the lungs into the left atrium . From the left atrium the blood moves to the left ventricle , through the bicuspid valve , which pumps it out to the body -LRB- via the aorta -RRB- .
Parvati is the mother of the gods Ganesha and Skanda -LRB- Kartikeya -RRB- .
She represented Texas in the Miss USA 2008 pageant held in April 2008 .
Bloc Party is an EP compilation of Bloc Party 's first two UK-only singles : '' She 's Hearing Voices '' and '' Banquet\/Staying Fat '' .
Teillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
1992 & ndash ; Lithuania holds a referendum on its first post-Soviet constitution .
Kakul is a town situated in the Kakul Valley at an elevation of 1300 metres , 5 km north of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills , in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Relations with the Catholic Church In July 1949 , Roosevelt had a public disagreement with Francis Joseph Spellman , the Catholic Archbishop of New York , which was characterized as '' a battle still remembered for its vehemence and hostility '' .
In his dreams , Percy sees how Grover is trapped by Polyphemus , the cyclops that once held Odysseus captive , and is about to meet the same gruesome ending as all satyrs before him who went searching for Pan and got trapped there .
Latest American Wind Energy Association figures show that installed U.S. wind power capacity now exceeds 25,176 MW which is enough to serve 7.0 million average households .
Gollum struggles with Frodo for the Ring , and bites off Frodo 's finger , Ring and all ; but in so doing he falls into the fire , taking the Ring with him .
This contains one major subsect and one minor subsect .
On June 27 , 1994 , the town became the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of GÃ rlitz , but remains a Protestant stronghold .
The bacteria Micrococcus flacidifex danai also infects the larvae and causes â black deathâ .
Blackhorse Road station is a London Overground and London Underground station on the junction of Blackhorse Road with Forest Road in the Walthamstow neighborhood of the London Borough of Waltham Forest in London , England .
A common feature of shopping malls is a food court : this typically consists of a number of fast food vendors of various types , surrounding a shared seating area .
Sale of sport-obtained abalone is illegal , including the shell .
Eros is one of the few NEAs with a maximum diameter greater than 10 km .
In the summer of 1918 onwards , the Japanese army lent its support to White Russian elements ; the 5th infantry division and the Japanese-backed Special Manchurian Detachment of Grigory Semyonov took control over Transbaikalia and founded a short-lived White Transbaikalia government .
Roy Richard Scheider -LRB- November 10 , 1932 -- February 10 , 2008 -RRB- was an American actor .
Davis City is a city in Decatur County , Iowa , United States .
The melodies are often repetitive , to create a hypnotic feeling , and sometimes recordings of nature sounds are used as an introduction to a track or throughout the piece .
They are usually one or more from among the following : Vandalism , sockpuppetry , edit warring , violating the three-revert rule , spamming , editing with a conflict of interest or having a prohibited username .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is a prime time television drama series that aired from October 4 , 1990 to May 17 , 2000 on FOX in the United States , and subsequently on various networks around the world .
It also has great historic importance , the evidence of which is seen in Northumberland 's Castles , and the two World Heritage Sites of Durham Cathedral and Durham Castle and of Hadrian 's Wall .
Several distinct dog breeds are used as sled dogs , however , dog drivers have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreeds as sled dogs .
Tauriac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Gambon , along with Robert Stephens , Derek Jacobi and Frank Finlay , was hired as one of the '' to be renowned '' and played any number of small roles , appearing on cast lists as Mike Gambon .
Generally , Alabama has very hot summers and mild winters with copious precipitation throughout the year .
Scott Speed won the pole for the Sam 's Town 300 in his Nationwide Series debut on February 28 , 2009 ; he also broke the track record with a speed of 182.45 mph and a lap time of 29.42 .
Francis Colburn Adams was an American miscellaneous writer , formerly living in Charleston , South Carolina , who wrote under various pseudonyms .
Magno Alves de AraÃ jo -LRB- AporÃ , Bahia , Brazil , 13 January 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player , currently associated with AtlÃ tico Mineiro .
1631 & ndash ; The sack of Baltimore : the Irish village of Baltimore is attacked by Algerian pirates .
They gave their name to the Kofun period -LRB- middle 3rd century - early-middle 6th century -RRB- .
The 1972 season in Japanese football introduced a Second Division to the Japan Soccer League .
Story and concept : Pete Riski and Tomi '' Mr. Lordi '' Putaansuu -LRB- original idea -RRB-
Samuel Osgood -LRB- February 3 , 1747 -- August 12 , 1813 -RRB- was an American merchant and statesman born in Andover , Massachusetts , now North Andover .
It was ranked # 55 on IGN 's '' Top 100 Games of All Time '' list in 2005 , and # 33 in 2007 .
Armor for Sleep was an American rock band from New Jersey , formed in 2001 and disbanded in 2009 .
-LRB- His nephew-by-marriage , Leon Boëllmann , became another fine organist and composer for the organ , whose death at the very young age of 35 was a severe loss to French music . -RRB-
The countries of the region are producers of oil , manganese ore , tea , citrus fruits , and wine .
The C14 Timberwolf MRSWS -LRB- Medium Range Sniper Weapon System -RRB- is a manually operated bolt action sniper rifle built by the Canadian arms company PGW Defence Technologies Inc. .
An IRCd , short for Internet Relay Chat daemon , is server software that implements the IRC protocol , enabling people to talk to each other via the Internet -LRB- exchanging textual messages in real time -RRB- .
From these the headwaters of several major European rivers such as the Rhine , Rhône , Inn , Aare , and Ticino flow finally into the largest Swiss lakes such as Lake Geneva -LRB- Lac Léman -RRB- , Lake Zürich , Lake Neuchâtel , and Lake Constance .
The magnitude of a mathematical object is its size : a property by which it can be larger or smaller than other objects of the same kind ; in technical terms , an ordering of the class of objects to which it belongs .
Juvigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
He was also the first to distinguish between cause and immediate origins of an event , while his successor Xenophon -LRB- ca .
Joseph Patrick '' Joe '' Kinnear -LRB- born 27 December 1946 -RRB- is a professional football manager and former player .
The Freeview service is available via satellite throughout New Zealand .
Harlem was annexed to New York City in 1873 .
O'Keeffe later reported that he had been grossly misquoted and misrepresented in the article , and produced a response outlining his version of the show based on his observations and findings , saying he had exposed Derek Acorah and not the entirety of Most Haunted .
In Lake Titicaca , American tourist Donald Duck visits the titlular location and meets with some of the local yokels , including an obstinate llama .
-LRB- born August 24 , 1968 -RRB- is a Japanese\/American professional wrestler best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment .
Kyocera Arena at Atlético paranaense 's official website The stadium is owned by Clube Atlético Paranaense .
They are continuously changing due to solar and planetary perturbations .
T-REX : Catching the Sierra 's waves and rotors Retrieved on 2006-10-21 .
Kooskia -LRB- pronounced -RRB- is a city in Idaho County , Idaho , United States .
Toulaud is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
All production takes place at its headquarters in Santa Ana , California .
The British Rail Class 115 diesel multiple units were 41 high density sets which operated the outer-suburban services from Marylebone usually to destinations such as High Wycombe , Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line -LRB- now the London to Aylesbury Line -RRB- .
Minas Gerais -LRB- pronounced -RRB- The presented pronunciation is in Brazilian Portuguese .
The New Park Street Chapel was a Reformed Baptist church in Southwark in London built in 1833 .
Caumont-l'Éventé is a commune in the Calvados department in northern France .
'' Take Me Out to the Ball Game '' is an early-20th century Tin Pan Alley song which became the unofficial anthem of baseball , although neither of its authors had attended a game prior to writing the song .
Buffy the Vampire Slayer first aired on March 10 , 1997 on the WB network , and played a key role in the growth of the Warner Bros. television network in its early years .
Belinda rejoins her , and now contrite and humbled , Lady Delacour takes Belinda 's advice and reconciles with her husband -- even telling him about her mysterious history and her fears that she has cancer .
Opened in 1991 , Curitiba 's trademark botanical garden was created in the style of French gardens .
1945 & ndash ; World War II & ndash ; Fuehrerbunker : Adolf Hitler marries his long-time partner Eva Braun in a Berlin bunker and designates Admiral Karl Dönitz as his successor .
In the episode , Homer fires up the crowd at a Springfield Isotopes baseball game and is chosen to be the team 's new mascot .
At its height , the borders of the Caliphate extended throughout North Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and the Iranian highlands .
Silent Spring is a book written by Rachel Carson and published by Houghton Mifflin on 27 September 1962 .
Sir Michael Caine , CBE -LRB- born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite , Jr. ; 14 March 1933 -RRB- is an English film actor .
He was the Democratic nominee for Vice President in 2004 , and was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004 and 2008 .
After she joined the cast of Party of Five in 1995 , she signed to Atlantic Records , who rushed her first single and second album , Let 's Go Bang , out in October .
Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium is a 48,000-seater stadium in Port Elizabeth .
Despite the town 's growth , Irmo does not have an actual downtown area .
The 1992 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1992 , and lasted until November 30 , 1992 .
Ittre was the geographical center of Belgium until World War I.
It orbits about 1100 km from the center of Kalliope , equivalent to about 13.2 Kalliope radii .
Ripper was originally a proposed television show based upon the character of Rupert Giles portrayed by Anthony Stewart Head .
Genus Celestus - Galliwasps -LRB- 28 species -RRB-
Wake Forest University is a private , coeducational university in the U.S. state of North Carolina , founded in 1834 .
The rest of the group , consisting of over 150,000 soldiers -LRB- including Cossak troops -RRB- and civilians , negotiated with the British forces for passage to the Austrian side of the Austrian-Slovenian border .
Also the album track '' Let 's Dance '' has been released as an EP with three versions of the hit .
The most important Tamil festivals are Pongal , a harvest festival that occurs in mid-January , and Varudapirappu , the Tamil New Year , which occurs around mid-April .
Sir Thomas More becomes undersheriff of the City of London .
In 1964 , the Strand Underpass , a road tunnel , was opened to alleviate northbound traffic flow from Waterloo Bridge to Kingsway . The underpass took over a section of the tram tunnel , and rises at its north end through the former location of the Aldwych tramway station .
The following names were used for named storms -LRB- tropical storms and hurricanes -RRB- that formed in the North Atlantic in 1963 .
In France , where much of his work was produced , it is 30 March 1853 -- 29 July 1890 -RRB-
He currently plays for Sagan Tosu .
Its boundaries have changed considerably over time , but nowadays the region is considered to include parts of five Balkan countries : Greece , the Republic of Macedonia , Bulgaria , Albania , Serbia , as well as Kosovo .
Cowpox is similar to but much milder than the highly contagious and sometimes deadly smallpox disease .
Aefligen is a municipality in the Emmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
The term digital rights describes the permissions of individuals legitimately to perform actions involving the use of a computer , any electronic device , or a communications network .
It is the ultimate legislative authority in the United Kingdom since the devolved parliament in Scotland and devolved assemblies in Northern Ireland , and Wales are not sovereign bodies and could , theoretically , be abolished by the UK parliament .
It was created as a distinct division of the United Kingdom on 3 May 1921 under the Government of Ireland Act 1920 , Statutory Rules & Orders published by authority , 1921 -LRB- No. 533 -RRB- ; Additional source for 3 May 1921 date : Alvin Jackson , Home Rule - An Irish History , Oxford University Press , 2004 , p198 .
Baumgartner scored Minardi 's first point in more than 2 years at the United States Grand Prix , finishing 8th -LRB- only 8 cars finished the 2004 USGP -RRB- .
United Airlines Flight 93 was a scheduled United States domestic passenger flight from Newark International Airport , in Newark , New Jersey , to San Francisco International Airport , in San Francisco , California that was hijacked by four Islamic terrorists as part of the September 11 attacks in 2001 .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae -LRB- tribe Periophthalmini -RRB- , within the family Gobiidae -LRB- Gobies -RRB- .
The novel won the Waterstones Children 's Book Prize in 2005 .
The processes transformed chocolate from an exclusive luxury to an inexpensive daily snack .
Entamoeba histolytica is an anaerobic parasitic protozoan , part of the genus Entamoeba .
Diogenes Laërtius divides the physiologoi into two groups , Ionian and Italiote , led by Anaximander and Pythagoras , respectively .
Ray Ozzie -LRB- born November 20 , 1955 -RRB- is Chief Software Architect at Microsoft .
2 Girls 1 Cup is the unofficial nickname of the trailer for Hungry Bitches , a scat-fetish pornographic film produced by MFX Media .
Vahan Hovhannesi Totovents -LRB- ; September 1 1889 - July 17 1937 -RRB- was an Armenian writer , poet and public activist .
In Greek mythology , Iapetus -LRB- -RRB- , also Iapetos or Japetus -LRB- -RRB- , was a Titan , the son of Uranus and Gaia , and father -LRB- by an Oceanid named Clymene or Asia -RRB- of Atlas , Prometheus , Epimetheus , and Menoetius and through Prometheus , Epimetheus and Atlas an ancestor of the human race .
Aix-en-Ergny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Trams Bought The first trams were built by G F Milnes & Co. , Birkenhead .
He demanded the reintegration of the Croatian lands , the large kingdom of Croatia of old -LRB- themedieval Kingdom of Croatia -RRB- , the homeland of one people , with the same blood , language , past and -LRB- God willing -RRB- future .
The depression dissipated late on August 6 while inland over Texas .
By October 1979 , the IMSAI corporation was bankrupt . The ` IMSAI ' trademark was acquired by Thomas '' Todd '' Fischer and Nancy Freitas -LRB- former early employees of IMS Associates -RRB- , who continued manufacturing the computers under the IMSAI name as a division of Fischer-Freitas Co. .
Largely due to their popularity , Johnny & Associates became the most successful agency in Japan , with earnings of almost three billion Japanese yen in 1995 .
The Goonies is a 1985 American adventure-comedy film directed by Richard Donner . The screenplay was written by Chris Columbus from a story by executive producer Steven Spielberg .
The journal continued under his wife Edith Kurzweil , through an agreement with Boston University , until ceasing publication in April 2003 .
She began learning the piano at the age of four .
The key is rarely used in orchestral music , other than when to modulate .
Guinea pigs do not generally thrive when housed with other species .
In some countries , including the United States , India , and members of the European Union , electronic signatures have legal significance .
The name Vehari means low lying settlement by a flood water channel .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 17.5 square miles -LRB- 45.4 km -RRB- , all of it land .
Isle-Aumont is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
With its known habitat destroyed in the disastrous bushfires of February 2009 - large areas of forest around Marysville , Narbethong and Healesville - the species status is currently in doubt .
8 -LRB- eight -RRB- is the natural number following 7 and preceding 9 .
To install all Twinkle modules , including all future updates and additions , simply activate Twinkle in the Gadgets section of your Preferences page .
The Free City of Danzig -LRB- ; -RRB- was a semi-autonomous city-state that existed between 1920 and 1939 , consisting of the Baltic Sea port of Danzig -LRB- today Gda sk -RRB- and surrounding areas .
The 2028 Summer Olympics , which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIV Olympiad if the present frequency and naming conventions are kept , are an international athletic event that might be organized by the International Olympic Committee .
On 5 October 2000 , the operator of the MTR network , MTR Corporation Limited -LRB- MTRCL -RRB- , became Hong Kong 's first rail company to be privatised , marking the beginning of the Hong Kong government 's initiative to dissolve its interests in public utilities .
A popular theory during Mendel 's time was the concept of blending inheritance : the idea that individuals inherit a smooth blend of traits from their parents .
James Tobin 's CV at the Cowles Foundation 's website
Sykes ' third comedy special , Wanda Sykes : I ` ma Be Me premiered on HBO in October 2009 .
La Mina tried to organize their camp , but were lost without Terry .
The Caspian Sea is the world 's largest lake and contains brackish water with a salinity about one-third that of normal seawater .
Strategy , a word of military origin , refers to a plan of action designed to achieve a particular goal .
Islam is the official religion of Brunei at 67 percent , and the sultan is the head of the religion in the country .
Berre-l'Étang is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
Thant followed UFO reports with some interest ; in 1967 , he arranged for American atmospheric physicist James E. McDonald to speak before the UN 's Outer Space Affairs Group regarding UFOs .
Haitian civilians over a span of approximately five days .
A metropolitan borough is a type of local government district in England , and is a subdivision of a metropolitan county .
As the consequence of this bad patch three previous coaches -LRB- Franco Fasciana , Del Valle Rojas and Bernardo Redín -RRB- had led the club before the arrival of Alí Cañas .
During the two lunar EVA 's over 100 pounds of moon rock was collected and several surface experiments , including seismic studies , were carried out .
It is estimated that the track has a top speed of around 323 k , with a lap record of 1:37.587 , held by Sebastian Vettel , which he set during the 2010 European Grand Prix . Valencia is not as tight as Circuit de Monaco but overtaking opportunities are still relatively few , due to the straights not being straight and the dust off line .
Albert Schweitzer -LRB- 14 January 1875 4 September 1965 -RRB- was a German-French theologian , musician , philosopher , and physician .
The main song for the Mexican part is '' Â Ay Jalisco , No Te Rajes ! ''
The name of the union council Birote means the land of wrestlers .
Bluefield has not always borne the name Bluefield .
Warren William Zevon -LRB- January 24 , 1947 -- September 7 , 2003 -RRB- was an American rock singer-songwriter and musician noted for including his unique and sometimes sardonic opinions of life in his musical lyrics , composing songs that were sometimes humorous and often had political or historical themes .
Ravenden is a town in Lawrence County , Arkansas , United States .
110-120 degrees fahrenheit -RRB- and wind speeds in excess of 100 km/h , precipitated by an intense heat wave , fanned the fires over large distances and areas , creating several large firestorms and pyrocumulus systems , particularly north-east of Melbourne , where a single firestorm accounted for 120 of the 173 deaths .
Dhaka district consists of several thanas -LRB- literally '' police station '' , referring to the district or precinct covered by a police station -RRB- under Dhaka municipal area as well as five -LRB-/O5/O-RRB- upazilas -LRB- '' sub-district '' -RRB- .
He is married to Patricia , and they have three children : Kate , Ann , and Michael , Jr./O.
The Hijra is celebrated annually on 8 Rabi ' I , about 66 days after 1 Muharram , the first day of the Muslim year .
She made her debut as a leading film actress in 2002 's Little Secrets and became well-known after her transition to a more adult-oriented Golden Globe-nominated role in the critically acclaimed film Thirteen , -LRB- 2003 -RRB- co-written by Wood 's co-star , Nikki Reed .
The Common Basilisk -LRB- Basiliscus basiliscus -RRB- is a lizard found in Central and South American rainforests near rivers and streams .
1989 & ndash ; UNESCO adopts the Seville Statement on Violence at the twenty-fifth session of its General Conference .
Mohammad RezÄ ShÄ h Pahlavi , Shah of Iran -LRB- Persian : Ù
No rational number is transcendental and all real transcendental numbers are irrational .
It causes irritation to skin , eyes , and respiratory tract .
It was established in 1965 , when the previously separate Unionist Party was merged into the Conservative Party of England and Wales , to form the basis of the modern UK Conservative Party .
Thomas Leo '' Tom '' Clancy Jr. -LRB- born April 12 , 1947 -RRB- His Who 's Who entry gives his date of birth as March 12 , 1947 .
This period , known as the Early Preclassic , See , for example , Drew -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , p. 6 .
A few days later , Gimnasia was eliminated from the Copa Sudamericana by the Chilean champions Colo Colo , following a quarter final match where a player of Gimnasia was injured by a piece of cement thrown by Chilean supporters .
Considered by the watches enthusiast as the best traditional watch maker in the world along with Patek Philippe & Co. .
Bismuth -LRB- III -RRB- oxide is perhaps the most industrially important compound of bismuth .
Fry , who lived in Muncie , was 113 at the time , which set the highest combined age for a meeting of two supercentenarians , at 227 years and 142 days .
Mauro Maur -LRB- born August 8 , 1958 -RRB- is an Italian trumpeter and composer .
George Michael Dolenz , Jr. -LRB- born March 8 , 1945 -RRB- is an American actor , musician , television director and theatre director ; he is best known for his role as the drummer/vocalist in the 1960s made-for-television band , The Monkees .
Southampton Central railway station is a main line railway station serving the city of Southampton in Hampshire , southern England .
Additionally , alcohol content also differs between sake , wine , and beer .
Wilchingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
History Phillips Academy was founded during the American Revolution as an all-boys school in 1778 by Samuel Phillips , Jr. , a member of the revolutionary war family , the Phillips .
Salperwick is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The speech by Winston Churchill announcing victory to the British people is evidence of a de facto recognition of the Flensburg Government 's authority , since Churchill mentioned that the surrender was authorized by '' Grand Admiral Dönitz , the designated Head of the German State '' .
It was intended as a guide of reliable information for the aspirant middle classes .
Düsseldorf International Airport , also referred to as Rhein-Ruhr Airport , is located eight kilometres -LRB- 5 mi -RRB- from the city center and can easily be reached by train or the S-Bahn urban railway .
Aftershocks are smaller earthquakes formed as the crust around the displaced fault plane adjusts to the effects of the main shock .
History The town of Cowley was settled by a group of Mormon pioneers called to settle Wyoming 's Big Horn Basin .
In March of 624 , Muhammad led some three hundred warriors in a raid on a Meccan merchant caravan .
For the construction of the name -LRB- a patronymic -RRB- , see Icelandic naming conventions .
While Oscar was well interested in developmental biology , he was opposed to chance as assumed in Charles Darwin s theory .
In order to make it possible for all the Form 3 students to continue Form 4 in the school , the school altered the class structure to a symmetrical one .
It is a parody of the song '' Jeopardy '' by The Greg Kihn Band , and its chorus '' Our love 's in jeopardy '' .
The order Testudines includes both extant -LRB- living -RRB- and extinct species .
Anglade is a commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
King David -LRB- c. 1011 â '' 971 BC -RRB- was the second king of the United Kingdom of Israel and a major figure in the Bible and the Qur ` an .
Eusebius of Caesarea counted 220 , Athanasius of Alexandria counted 318 , Ad Afros Epistola Synodica 2 and Eustathius of Antioch counted 270Theodoret H.E. 1.7 -LRB- all three were present at the council -RRB- .
With their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010 , Heart made a return to their hard rock\/acoustic roots of the late 70s and scored top 10 success in the US Billboard 200 .
The European Roe Deer -LRB- Capreolus capreolus -RRB- , also known as the Western Roe Deer or chevreuil , is an Eurasian species of deer .
Fermier '' farm-made '' calvados -- some quality minded producers both inside and outside the Pays d'Auge make '' calvados fermier '' , which indicates that the calvados is entirely made on the farm in a traditional agricultural way according to high quality demands .
The tangor -LRB- C. reticulata Ã -- C. sinensis -RRB- is a citrus fruit hybrid of the mandarin orange -LRB- tangerine , Citrus reticulata -RRB- and the sweet orange -LRB- Citrus sinensis -RRB- .
Each well of a microplate typically holds somewhere between tens of nanolitres to several millilitres of liquid .
Aisonville-et-Bernoville is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The powertrain offerings in the Yeti include a range of internal combustion engines , all of which are turbocharged and EU5 emissions standard compliant .
-- -RRB-
Cell division in the hair matrix produces the cells that will form the major structures of the hair fiber and the inner root sheath .
After defeating Joe Louis , the German boxer Max Schmeling returned home on the Hindenburg to a hero 's welcome in Frankfurt .
Watershed debuted on the Australian ARIA album charts at number seven and at number one on Finland 's official album chart .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
Benefit at the District -LRB- Online Bootleg -RRB- -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB-
Swampy habitats like shallow wetlands , coastal lagoons and large brackish river deltas also existed at this time , and there is much to suggest that this is the kind of environment in which the tetrapods evolved .
The climate between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists was confrontational .
Claudio Abbado , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRIquirinale .
The film follows a girl named Sintel who is searching for a baby dragon she calls Scales . A flashback reveals that Sintel found Scales with its wing injured and helped care for it , forming a close bond with it .
One of the destinations this analysis gave has been the Pinnacle Point cave , where the findings have been made .
After graduating in 1956 , he briefly studied with Goffredo Petrassi in Rome before working as Director of Music at Cirencester Grammar School from 1959 to 1962 .
More recent variants in the 1980s and 1990s include GÃ 1\/4 nter WÃ chtershÃ user 's iron-sulfur world theory and models introduced by Christian de Duve based on the chemistry of thioesters .
On Sunday there is a sprint race of 120 kilometres .
The series was published by Dark Horse Comics beginning in 2001 , with delays between the first six and the final two issues caused by Whedon 's TV commitments , during which Moline illustrated Route 666 for CrossGen Comics .
This normally occurs if upper-level wind shear is too strong .
An effort is made to betrothe Claudius to Livia Medullina .
The two main genera of the ginger family that are named as forms of cardamom are distributed as follows :
The Strata Florida Abbey is rebuilt ; it had been destroyed some years earlier in King Edward I of England 's conquest of Wales .
Although daughters and sons inherit the right to bear arms for themselves personally , the right passes only through the male line : hence , a son transmits the arms to his children , but a daughter , while bearing them for herself , does not transmit them to her children .
BSD licenses are a family of permissive free software licenses .
1751 & ndash ; Maria Anna Mozart , Austrian musician -LRB- d. 1829 -RRB-
Juni -LRB- 17 June Street -RRB- , former Charlottenburger Chaussee , which runs eastwards through the Tiergarten park to Brandenburg Gate , connects Charlottenburg with the historic centre of Berlin-Mitte .
L. Macy -LRB- accessed December 20 , 2008 -RRB- , grovemusic.com -LRB- subscription access -RRB- .
He generally vents his frustration -LRB- when trying to impress the others -RRB- on Neil , since Neil never sticks up for himself and is ignored by the others .
West-moving waves can also form from the tail end of frontal zones in the subtropics and tropics and may be referred to as easterly waves , but these waves are not properly called tropical waves ; they are a form of inverted trough sharing many characteristics with fully tropical waves .
La Selle-Craonnaise is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The Gila monster -LRB- , HEE-la -RRB- , Heloderma suspectum , is a species of venomous lizard native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico -LRB- but not Baja California -RRB- .
Kim is the first South Korean figure skater who medaled and won at a ISU Junior Grand Prix and at the Junior Grand Prix Final , at a ISU Grands Prix and at the Grand Prix Finals , and at the World Championships .
Damage totaled about $ 275 million -LRB- 2007 MXN , $ 25 million 2007 USD -RRB- .
It is titled after a speech written by the Athenian orator Isocrates in the 5th century BC .
Mont Ventoux -LRB- in classical norm or in Mistralian norm -RRB- is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
After moving to Los Angeles , Keenan met Adam Jones , who had heard him singing on a demo in college , and Jones suggested that they form a band .
Russi Taylor as The Fairy Godmother\/Drizella Tremaine
Because of the exceptional and widespread damage in Florida and Louisiana , the name Andrew was retired in the Spring of 1993 , and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
The strongest hurricane in the season was Hurricane Juliette , which reached peak winds of 150 mph -LRB- 240 km\/h -RRB- , but did not significantly affect land .
Print film requires the developed film negative to be printed onto photographic paper or transparency .
Ben Sheets was named starting pitcher for the National League in the All-Star game , and Ryan Braun also started at left field .
The official language in this municipality is German .
-LRB- equivalent to Ganapati and Ganesha -RRB- , Ekadanta -LRB- one who has one tusk -RRB- , Heramba , Lambodara -LRB- one who has a pot belly , or , literally , one who has a hanging belly -RRB- , and Gajanana -LRB- IAST : -RRB- ; having the face of an elephant -RRB- .
Lucas Robin '' Luke '' Ridnour -LRB- born February 13 , 1981 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves .
Its county seat is Dade City , Florida which is in the northeast part of the county - somewhat removed from the main centers of population in the western half of the county .
Å saka Station is a station on the West Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR West -RRB- located in the Umeda district in Kita-ku , Osaka , Japan .
Around 2006 , Pot Noodle 's recipe was changed to make the product healthier .
Jon Steven '' Steve '' Young -LRB- born October 11 , 1961 , in Salt Lake City , Utah -RRB- is a former American football quarterback , best known for his time with the NFL 's San Francisco 49ers .
Karting is considered the first step in any serious racer 's career .
Hak m Abu ` l-Q sim Firdaws T s -LRB- -RRB- , more commonly transliterated as Ferdowsi -LRB- or Firdausi -RRB- , -LRB- 940 & ndash ; 1020 -RRB- is a highly revered Persian poet .
The rupee -LRB- sign : Rs ; code : PKR -RRB- is the currency of Pakistan .
After most of the students and professors took part in the November 1830 Uprising the university was closed down .
A number of tornadoes associated with Katrina formed , which caused generally minor damages in several regions .
At the Council of London , the Roman Catholic Church bans sodomy and the sale of Christian slaves to non-Christian countries .
Hermann Nuber -LRB- born 10 October 1935 in Offenbach am Main -RRB- is a former German footballer .
This was the twenty-second federal census and the largest single civil administrative peacetime effort in the history of the United States .
History Samobor has existed as a free royal town since 1242 according to a document of endowment by King Bela IV .
In 1991 , THQ tried reviving the franchise by producing an updated line of Strawberry Shortcake dolls .
Daft Punk is an electronic music duo consisting of French musicians Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo -LRB- born February 8 , 1974 -RRB- and Thomas Bangalter -LRB- born January 3 , 1975 -RRB- .
The SS was formed in 1925 as a personal guard unit for Nazi leader Adolf Hitler -LRB- '' Die Schutz-Staffel der NSDAP '' Squadron of the NSDAP -RRB- .
accommodation -LRB- law -RRB- , a term used in United States contract law
Kristy Wallace -LRB- born Kristy Marlana Wallace February 20 , 1953 , San Bernardino , California -RRB- , became famous using the stage name of Poison Ivy -LRB- sometimes Poison Ivy Rorschach -RRB- , as a founding member of the American garage punk band The Cramps .
Richard Hamilton , CH -LRB- born 24 February 1922 -RRB- is an English painter and collage artist .
Richard Morgan Fliehr -LRB- born February 25 , 1949 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Ric Flair .
During the early period of his life , Mr. Gazdar started his academic career from Sindh Madressah-tul-Islam , Karachi , and completed Intermediate in 1911 , Afterwards , he studied engineering in Pune , Maharashtar -LRB- present-day , India -RRB- .
As stated on its website , AIESEC strives for '' positive social change '' by using the '' AIESEC Way '' .
His grandparents were early settlers in northern Wairoa in the mid-19th century after emigrating from Yorkshire , England .
Established in 1830 by Haarmann & Kathagen , the brewery was one of the first worldwide to switch from wooden to metal storage containers .
The best known feature of Jupiter is the Great Red Spot , a persistent anticyclonic storm located 22 ° south of the equator that is larger than Earth .
Patsy Cline -LRB- September 8 , 1932 -- March 5 , 1963 -RRB- , born Virginia Patterson Hensley , was an American country music singer who enjoyed pop music crossover success during the era of the Nashville sound in the early 1960s .
A certain Charles S Rolls was a Minerva dealer in England selling the 2.9 litre .
The American Civil War , beginning in 1861 , led to the end of slavery in the United States .
Peter Senerchia -LRB- born October 11 , 1967 -RRB- is a retired American professional wrestler and current color commentator best known by his ring name Tazz , originally Tazmaniac and later shortened to simply Taz .
Parker was born in 1893 -- a year of economic depression , on a farm in Shelby County , Indiana , near Bengal in Hendricks township and raised eating a typical farm diet of meat and starch .
It is the first book of his Hyperion Cantos , and is the only book in it to extensively employ the literary device of the frame story -LRB- although arguably The Fall of Hyperion also uses it , but to a lesser extent -RRB- .
Tea scoops generally are carved from a single piece of bamboo , although they may also be made of ivory or wood .
There was little success initially competing with Motori Moderni until 1988 and then Cosworth engines , when Nigel Cowperthwaite joined the team , brought in by team manager Jaime Manca Graziadei .
Oldham Cricket Club are a cricket team , based at The Pollards in the Watersheddings area of Oldham , Greater Manchester , England .
Other words that have been used are Ullish and Ulsterman\/Ulsterwoman .
Saint Bernard of Clairvaux preaches the Second Crusade at Vezelay , Burgundy .
The third-floor attic was converted to living quarters in 1927 by augmenting the existing hip roof with long shed dormers .
Agrippa II of Judea
A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon of fluids .
To avoid these problems , practical RSA implementations typically embed some form of structured , randomized padding into the value before encrypting it .
In April 2005 , palmOne purchased PalmSource 's share in the ` Palm ' trademark for US$ 30 million . In July 2005 , palmOne launched its new name and brand reverting back to Palm , Inc. and trading under the ticker symbol PALM once again .
During an audition , they met with Su-Elise Nash and then together they formed a trio .
The Confederation of African Football -LRB- -RRB- , -LRB- -RRB- is the administrative and controlling body for African association football .
Mitosis and cytokinesis together define the mitotic -LRB- M -RRB- phase of the cell cycle - the division of the mother cell into two daughter cells , genetically identical to each other and to their parent cell .
Giuseppe Sabadini -LRB- born 26 March 1949 in Sagrado -RRB- is an Italian football coach and a former player .
Javanese is spoken in Central and East Java , as well as on the north coast of West Java .
In that time , he preached in the United States , India , Australia , Japan , China , and nearly forty other countries .
In scientific notation , it is written as or just 106 .
Fossilised remains of Homo erectus , popularly known as the '' Java Man '' , suggest the Indonesian archipelago was inhabited two million to 500,000 years ago .
-- -RRB-
Founded in 1823 as Singapore Institution by Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles , it is consistently ranked as one of the top secondary schools in Singapore in the now-defunct official school rankings released by the Ministry of Education .
Upon reaching Mexico , Hurricane Dean was a Category 5 storm , but it missed major population centers and its exceptional Category 5 strength landfall caused no deaths and less damage than in the Caribbean islands it passed as a Category 2 storm .
BP Solar begun constructing a new solar photovoltaic cell manufacturing plant at its European headquarters in Tres Cantos , Madrid .
They form a large sweet fruit with a thin skin .
The gummy bears sold so well that the Bonn-based company had to expand production to a second factory to deal with demand .
2018 Commonwealth Games -- Host city will be chosen in 2011 .
More specifically , the term may be used in either of two overlapping senses :
Autopackage is a free computer package management system aimed at making it simple to create a package that can be installed on all Linux distributions .
It was first published in 1997 .
In turn , Fielding 's play influenced later Scriblerus Club works , especially Pope 's fourth book of his revised Dunciad and possibly Gay 's The Rehearsal at Goatham .
He was a playmaker well known for his passing range and vision .
PWN Encyclopedia , IGELSTRÖM IOSIF A. 2,000 capturedAlfred Rambaud , Edgar Saltus , Russia , P. F. Collier & son , 1902 , Google Print p. 122
A parachute is a device used to slow the motion of an object through an atmosphere by creating drag or aerodynamic lift generated by a parachute canopy shaped like an aerofoil which is able to generate lift by its forward speed through the air .
Its official name was Estadi del FC Barcelona -LRB- FC Barcelona Stadium -RRB- until 2000 , when the club membership voted to change the official name to the popular nickname , Camp Nou .
Akademie Burg Fürsteneck Since 1952 the castle Burg Fürsteneck is used as an academy for vocational and cultural continuing education .
Topping the cockpit was a custom-made , hydraulically operated plexiglass bubble top .
Upon moving ashore , the storm produced a minor storm surge peaking at 3.22 feet -LRB- 0.98 m -RRB- at Pleasure Pier , which caused minor beach erosion .
By topic Religion Abilene is granted to Agrippa I. Saint Peter founds the Syrian Orthodox Church -LRB- traditional date -RRB- .
The marriage by proxy took place on 15 August 1725 in the cathedral of Strasbourg , Louis XV being represented by his cousin the Duke of OrlÃ ans , Louis le Pieux .
For example , the leader of Sindar Grey Elves -LRB- Elwë Singollo -RRB- had an ardent hatred of the house of Fëanor due to their many ill deeds , and would not permit their tongue to be spoken in his domain .
The crew try to close the blast door , but it does not close completely .
Later roles After completing high school , Dushku returned to acting with the role of Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer , a Slayer much more troubled than the main character Buffy Summers .
The estimated population in 2009 was 109,395 .
The Godfather is a 1972 American thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay by Puzo , Coppola , and Robert Towne , who was not credited .
Hubble has sometimes been incorrectly credited with discovering the Doppler shift in the spectra of galaxies , but this had already been observed earlier by Vesto Slipher , whose data Hubble used .
Mustard gas was originally assigned the name LOST , after Lommel and Steinkopf , who first proposed the military use of sulfur mustard to the German Imperial General Staff .
2 Nuclear Blast 2003 Stratovarius : Stratovarius Sanctuary 2005 Stratovarius : Polaris Edel Music 2009 Related links Jens Johansson 's Homepage Heptagon Records Stratovarius Homepage References -LSB- -RSB- Jens interview in 2001 .
On clear days , Elbans see Pianosa as a dark blue line over the lighter blue sea .
It was restored in 1844 and moved to Reykjavík , where it has resided ever since .
Ely Professor of Divinity , a professorship at the University of Cambridge
The population of Pyrgos is 34,902 people .
Alken , as a person , may refer to :
ChÃ cents teau-du-Loir is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Alexander Mikhaylovich Ovechkin -LRB- ; ; born September 17 , 1985 -RRB- is a Russian professional ice hockey left winger and captain of the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
He was the sixth President of Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America , taking office in 1972 .
Vertical shear from the northeast prevented development , and after making landfall in southern Cuba on October 16 , it was absorbed by a cold front .
About a quarter of them speak a Sami language as their mother tongue .
He became Director of Communications for the Diocese of Ely in 2002 .
Cleveland is also home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
It has sometimes been considered synonymous with Pipistrellus tenuis ; however , revisions of the genus based on baculum have identified Pipistrellus murrayi as a distinct species .
He was the mastermind of the bands Parliament and Funkadelic during the 1970s and early 1980s , and is a solo funk artist as of 1981 .
Rise and Fall , Rage and Grace is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band The Offspring , released on June 17 , 2008 in the United States and a week earlier in Japan .
Among the dead , a sketch of Marine positions is found on the body of a 13-year-old Vietnamese boy who sold drinks to the Marines the day before .
LhuÃ tre is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
In 1993 , the Hall was relocated to a former Bank of Montreal building in Downtown Toronto , where it is presently located .
The town has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3,896 people -LRB- 2002 census -RRB- .
The music was written by Kurt Cobain , Krist Novoselic , and Dave Grohl -LRB- lyrics by Cobain -RRB- and produced by Butch Vig .
Under the terms of the Greater Berlin Act of 1920 , KÃ penick became a borough of Berlin , with an area of , making it Berlin 's largest borough .
Richard Feynman begins his Lectures with the atomic hypothesis , as his most compact statement of all scientific knowledge : '' If , in some cataclysm , all of scientific knowledge were to be destroyed , and only one sentence passed on to the next generations ... , what statement would contain the most information in the fewest words ?
Kurt Paul Schmitt -LRB- 7 October , 1886 in Heidelberg -- 2 November , 1950 in Heidelberg -RRB- was a German economic leader and the Reich Economy Minister .
The Angola national football team , nicknamed Palancas Negras -LRB- Black Antelopes -RRB- , is the national team of Angola and is controlled by the Federação Angolana de Futebol .
Seyssel
Similar to the Statistics Canada website , the Natural Resources Canada site offers a wide range of free download-able data through the linked site Geo Gratis .
The systems usually have a horizontal length scale of less than and exist for no more than a couple of days .
His math teacher told his parents the boy would unfortunately never succeed in life , as he passed the math classes doodling in the margin of his math books .
Missy is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Hibiscus syriacus is the national flower of South Korea , while Hibiscus rosa-sinensis is the national flower of Malaysia . As such , different hibiscus species are used world wide to represent various nations .
On April 28 , a DC-4 belonging to the United States Central Intelligence Agency - operated by Civil Air Transport - whisked Rhee out of South Korea as protestors converged on the Blue House .
Surveying or land surveying is the technique and science of accurately determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them .
Tourism The main tourist destinations in the county are : The city of Cluj-Napoca .
Year 25 -LRB- XXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
An increase in lymphocyte concentration is usually a sign of a viral infection -LRB- in some rare case , leukemias are found through an abnormally raised lymphocyte count in an otherwise normal person -RRB- .
Although Pompey had a larger army , he recognized that Caesar 's troops were more experienced , and could prove victorious in a pitched battle .
Later slide rules were made of plastic , or aluminium painted with plastic .
Under Qing pressure , Zheng Jing struggled to defend Amoy , Quemoy and the Pescadores islands , which he had eventually lost over the years , mainly due to his minuscule forces which were insufficient to defend from Qing forces .
As a faculty member of Princeton University , he invented a device called the particle storage ring for high-energy physics experiments .
Barisal is served by the Barisal Airport which is located just outside of the city .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
The region existed from 1975 until 1996 , and was divided into four districts , one of which was named Berwickshire .
Main article : Japanese mythology .
Ausonius was given a strict upbringing by his aunt and grandmother , both named Aemilia . He received an excellent education , especially in grammar and rhetoric , but professed that his progress in Greek was unsatisfactory .
Chambretaud is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
In 1968 Steinitz founded Steinitz Bach Players , a professional group , who were able to apply Baroque performance practice to their playing .
Jones explained his portrayal , '' The script refers to the angel as a her and that 's what I do .
He worked for a time at Semperoper Dresden , and became conductor at Saint Petersburg 's Mariinsky Theatre .
For example , in Diggar village in the Nubra Valley , only 5 children were born during the 1998-2002 period for a total population of 700 people , implying a ` Total Birth Rate ' of just 1.79 per 1000 people per year .
By the 1880s there were five schools in the Greta area ; Greta , Greta South , Greta West , Hansonville , and Fifteen Mile Creek .
Bowser , also known as King Koopa , is a video game character and the primary antagonist of Nintendo 's Mario series .
HÃ nin-sur-Cojeul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Georges Head battery was built in 1871 after the removal of the British forces from Australia in 1870 .
Pre-Columbian Mesoamericans ' use of obsidian was extensive and sophisticated ; including carved and worked obsidian for tools and decorative objects .
The activists were said to have also lobbed stun grenades at IDF soldiers , and the IDF furnished video reflecting this .
Description Phillips Academy is one of the oldest boarding schools in the United States , established in 1778 by Samuel Phillips , Jr. . .
A skateboard is typically a specially designed plywood board combined with a poly urathane coating used for making smoother grinds and stronger durability , used primarily for the activity of skateboarding .
Throughout the majority of the books , Harry also has a pet owl named Hedwig , used to deliver and receive messages and packages .
Top scorer = Erka Bom -LRB-/O6/O-RRB-
The population was 173,627 at the 2000 census .
However , in April 2005 he was cleared of all charges .
The artists who produced these unique paintings used techniques not often seen in other cave art .
Pavel Nedv d -LRB- ; born 30 August 1972 in Cheb -RRB- is a Czech former football midfielder .
Oberbürgermeister -LRB- ` Supreme Burgomaster ' -RRB- is the most common version for a mayor in a big city .
In solfege these notes correspond to the syllables '' Do , Re , Mi , Fa , Sol , La , Ti\/Si , -LRB- Do -RRB- '' , the '' Do '' in the parenthesis at the end being the octave of the tonic starting pitch .
Ganymede and Callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation .
Javier Clemente Lázaro , -LRB- born 12 March 1950 in Barakaldo -RRB- is a Spanish football manager .
Due to the lack of major effects from Tropical Storm Arlene , the name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season .
Richard Cromwell -LRB- 4 October 1626 -- 12 July 1712 -RRB- was the third son of Oliver Cromwell . He was the second Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland , serving for just under nine months , from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659 .
Later , Eusebius of Caesarea discusses a bishop named Beryllus in the see of Bostra , the site of a synod c. 240 .
SÃ bastien Frey -LRB- born 18 March 1980 in Thonon-les-Bains -RRB- is a French football goalkeeper who currently plays for Fiorentina .
Rheine is a city in the district of Steinfurt in Westphalia , Germany .
He was buried in Poets ' Corner in Westminster Abbey ; his grave now lies immediately adjacent to that of Alfred Tennyson .
The Orto botanico di Pisa , also known as the Orto Botanico dell ` Università di Pisa , is a botanical garden operated by the University of Pisa , and located at via Luca Ghini 5 , Pisa , Italy .
The initial protest occurred in the small fishing town of Uozu , Toyama Prefecture , on 23 July 1918 .
The city is also a center of sugar production and industry .
Pop rock is a music genre which mixes a catchy pop style , of light lyrics , in its -LRB- typically -RRB- guitar-based rock songs .
Papua New Guinea -LRB- , or ; Tok Pisin : Papua Niugini -RRB- -LRB- PNG -RRB- , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is a country in Oceania , occupying the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and numerous offshore islands -LRB- the western portion of the island is a part of the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua -RRB- .
Annie Vernon , the Olympic rower , was a member of Castle Dore Rowing Club in Golant .
It is one of the oldest and most used re-creational drug -LRB- drugs used for fun -RRB- in the world .
This substantial loss is due to the increase in polluting industries that moved to Detroit .
Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka .
The treaty requires Native American Plains tribes to relocate to a reservation in western Oklahoma .
Research indicates that contraction of HIV via kissing is extremely unlikely , although a woman has been infected with HIV by kissing -LRB- in 1997 -RRB- .
In 1902 , Woods built a house of brick and wood on the corner of Lismore and Lancaster Streets which was his residence until he died in 1934 .
Rotor may refer to :
Roberto López Ufarte -LRB- born April 19 , 1958 in Fes , Morocco -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a forward .
Guernica is a painting by Pablo Picasso , in response to the bombing of Guernica , Basque Country , by German and Italian warplanes at the behest of the Spanish Nationalist forces , on 26 April 1937 , during the Spanish Civil War .
However , on the insistence of his wife , Marshall took antibiotics immediately after the endoscopy , so there was no way of double-checking the negative result .
Around 1200 the Frangipani family took over the Colosseum and fortified it , apparently using it as a castle .
MM College , Jessore ,
I-17 is one of the more scenic Interstate Highways as it gains more than a mile in altitude between Phoenix -LRB- 1,117 ft -RRB- and Flagstaff -LRB- 7,000 ft -RRB- .
Soon after being signed as the first R&B artist on Disturbing Tha Peace Records , Bobby was featured on the hit single '' Pimpin ' All Over the World , '' off of Ludacris ' multi-platinum selling album The Red Light District in 2004 .
The Federal Government of the United States is the central United States governmental body , established by the United States Constitution .
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1918/1919 season .
Other 19th century fiction writers include Ã mile Zola , HonorÃ de Balzac , Guy de Maupassant , ThÃ ophile Gautier and Stendhal .
This template produces a series of links to various search interfaces to help find additional reference material for articles .
This process takes place over many generations , and is one of the basic phenomena of biology .
The Navier -- Stokes equations in fluid dynamics
It produced other singles such as '' Flathead '' that made # 67 on the UK Singles Charts and # 73 on the Billboard Hot 100 which became a hit after featuring in an iPod commercial .
In some countries , municipalities are referred to as '' communes '' -LRB- for example , French commune , Italian comune , Romanian comun , Swedish kommun and Norwegian\/Danish kommune -RRB- .
It may be very difficult to determine , however , whether a specific drag queen is someone who has a female gender identity and is learning a female gender role , or whether that person is someone with a male gender identity who enjoys adopting a female gender role .
Boston city proper had a 2009 estimated population of 645,169 , making it the twentieth largest in the country .
Taymor 's work has received many accolades from critics , and she has earned two Tony Awards out of four nominations , the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Costume Design , an Emmy Award , and an Academy Award nomination for Original Song .
In the summer of 2004 , he met and began dating actress Michelle Williams on the set of Brokeback Mountain , and their daughter , Matilda Rose , was born on 28 October 2005 in New York City .
He is shown digging above ground again , when a second Taylor rises from the hole .
At the 2007 World Figure Skating Championships , Davis and White placed 7th , the highest debut placement for an American team at Worlds since 1980 .
The potential discovery was announced in the journal Science on March 6 , 2008 .
Fosseux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Using calcium chloride and potassium chloride the products contain calcium or potassium instead of sodium .
Probability theory , Encyclopaedia Britannica The central objects of probability theory are random variables , stochastic processes , and events : mathematical abstractions of non-deterministic events or measured quantities that may either be single occurrences or evolve over time in an apparently random fashion .
The native range extends across the Canary Islands , North and East Africa , Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Arabia and India .
When Warner was finally given the chance to start , he was named the Gateway Conference 's Offensive Player of the Year .
It also entails two-way explicit key confirmation , making it an authenticated key agreement with key confirmation -LRB- AKC -RRB- protocol .
As of September 28 , 2007 , the GieÃ en Depot , and all other communities in the greater GieÃ en area were turned back over to the local German authorities .
Today , as a result of the Istrian exodus , the majority of Istrian Italians live outside of the Istrian peninsula ; however , a significant Italian minority still lives in the Croatian County of Istria and in Slovenian Istria , where they are granted minority rights .
Mascotte is located at .
ChemazÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The name '' cabal '' is used in many jokes , both by critics of Wikipedia and alternatively by people who suppose that Wikipedia has no faults .
In the United States , '' yogurt ' '' is the usual spelling and '' yoghurt '' a minor variant .
It also assists with a breeding population of the endangered Helmeted Honeyeater .
In 1972 , the unlooted Takamatsuzuka Tomb was found in Asuka and some details of the discovery were revealed .
The Hund 's cases , which are particular regimes in molecular angular momentum coupling , and the Hund 's rules , which govern electron configurations , are important in spectroscopy and quantum chemistry .
Le carnaval des animaux -LRB- The Carnival of the Animals -RRB- is a musical suite of fourteen movements by the French Romantic composer Camille Saint-Sa ëns .
On January 1 , 2006 Nieuwerkerken had a total population of 6,606 .
It is the political arm of the wider British co-operative movement , and all members of the party must be members of a co-operative business .
Belvédère is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
History The territory of this district was not part of Saxony before World War II ; rather , it , along with the city of Görlitz , was a part of German Silesia .
Toulon has a number of museums .
The obverse shows a King George V bareheaded effigy , facing left , with the legend : GEORGIVS V BRITT : OMN : REX ET IND : IMP : -LRB- George 5th , King of all the Britains , and , Emperor of India -RRB-
In cold weather , long underwear sometimes is worn to provide additional warmth .
The Sun News-Pictorial was founded on 11 September 1922 , and bought by The Herald and Weekly Times in 1925 .
This category is for articles about science fiction books which are not novels - for example , anthologies , short story collections , novellas , and non-fiction works about science fiction .
Fondly remembered by her French contemporaries , Mary died of breast cancer in 1718 .
Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump is a buffalo jump located where the foothills of the Rocky Mountains begin to rise from the prairie 18 km northwest of Fort Macleod , Alberta , Canada on highway 785 .
The traditional recipe combines a dough composed of butter and both brown and white sugar with semi-sweet chocolate chips .
He resigned in 1985 to start his own business .
named after Botanic Gardens , a local park dedicated to the science of botany .
Butterscotch sauce is often made into a syrup , which is used as a topping for ice cream -LRB- particularly sundaes -RRB- .
Monroe 's part in Scudda Hoo !
Super Ubuntu 2008.11 was a featured download on Lifehacker , which said '' It 's basically just a re-compiled version of the official Ubuntu distribution , but with a whole bunch of features included that save you the time of grabbing them yourself .
Lucius Aelius Seianus -LRB- 20 BC -- October 18 , AD 31 -RRB- , commonly known as Sejanus , was an ambitious soldier , friend and confidant of the Roman Emperor Tiberius .
LÃ on Theremin is the subject of the feature length documentary film , Theremin : An Electronic Odyssey , written , directed , and produced by Steven M. Martin .
This would take organisms sideways off the path from simple to complex , specialising them for their environment .
Alexa Internet , Inc. is a California-based subsidiary company of Amazon.com that is known for its toolbar and website .
Albert Coates was no relation to Eric Coates , the English light music composer , or to the tenor singer John Coates .
Hamo Beknazarian was born on May 19 , 1891 in Yerevan , the capital of Armenia , Russian Empire .
Wellingborough
In 1957 , decimalisation occurred and the rupee was divided into 100 naye paise -LRB- Hindi for '' new paise '' -RRB- .
Kelly 's iconic status was recognised in 1997 when he was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association -LRB- ARIA -RRB- Hall of Fame .
Baltimore Ravens -LRB- -- -RRB-
In March 2011 , Billy Ray Cyrus and Tish Cyrus were officially reconciled .
At its 1986 Ard Fheis , Sinn Féin delegates passed a resolution to amend the rules and constitution that would allow its members to sit in the Dublin parliament -LRB- Leinster House/D áil Éireann -RRB- .
Edgar Cayce -LRB- March 18 , 1877 -- January 3 , 1945 -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- was an American who claimed to be a psychic with the ability to channel answers to questions on subjects such as health or Atlantis while in a self-induced trance .
In particle physics , gauge bosons are bosonic particles that act as carriers of the fundamental forces of nature . More specifically , elementary particles whose interactions are described by gauge theory exert forces on each other by the exchange of gauge bosons , usually as virtual particles .
The Expendables is a 2010 American ensemble action film written by David Callaham and Sylvester Stallone , and directed by Stallone .
Pakistan gave huge support to Tunisia during its struggle for independence .
It runs 2000 km long , approximately 3/4 of the way around Tethys ' circumference .
If the solvent is a solid , then gases , liquids , and solids can be dissolved .
Big Max is a large variety of squash that can exceed 100 pounds and 20 i in diameter under ideal growing conditions .
The U.S senators are Dianne Feinstein -LRB- D -RRB- , a native of San Francisco , and Barbara Boxer -LRB- D -RRB- .
Shogi in its present form was played as early as the 16th century , while a direct ancestor without the '' drop rule '' was recorded from 1210 in a historical document NichÅ '' reki , which is an edited copy of ShÅ chÅ '' reki and KaichÅ '' reki from the late Heian period -LRB- ca 1120 -RRB- .
Hickman is a city in Fulton County , Kentucky , United States .
Clarkson has released four albums to date under RCA Records : her double-platinum debut album Thankful -LRB-/O2003/O-RRB- , her multi-platinum second album Breakaway -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- -LRB- which has won two Grammy Awards -RRB- , My December -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- , and her latest album All I Ever Wanted -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
By then , student protests were escalating in Seoul and Gwangju .
Additionally , a gale warning was issued for much of the South Carolina coastline .
The system as originally invented by Braille consists of two parts :
In the United States , warnings are issued by the National Weather Service for marine areas experiencing , or about to experience , winds within the range of 39 to 54 miles per hour or 63 to 69 km-h -LRB- approximately 34 to 48 knots -RRB- .
Mars is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Ceramic may be used as an adjective describing a material , product or process ; or as a singular noun , or , more commonly , as a plural noun , ceramics .
_ Smoot
One possible location of the sermon is on a hill that rises near Capernaum .
1912 & ndash ; The Piltdown Man , later discovered to be a hoax , is found in the Piltdown Gravel Pit , by Charles Dawson .
In SI units : Since the development of technology , transmission and storage systems have been of immense interest to technologists and technology users .
While the snakes are recognized as falling phylogenetically within the anguimorph lizards from which they evolved , the sphenodonts are the sister group to the squamates , the larger monophyletic group , which includes both the lizards and the snakes .
Concentric objects generally have different radii , as concentric objects with the same radius are equal .
County play their home games at Meadow Lane in black and white striped shirts .
These were replaced by a hurricane warning on September 10 , coinciding with the storm 's strengthening to hurricane intensity .
History The KLI was founded in the year 1992 in Flourtown , Pennsylvania -LRB- USA -RRB- .
He protests that the syllabus of history for the school would start from seventh century A.D. , not from the Mahenjodaro and Harappa .
The Scottish new town of Irvine -LRB- Gaelic : Irbhinn -RRB- is in North Ayrshire on the coast of the Firth of Clyde .
He soon grew tired of the concert life and decided to open a publishing house in Paris , which as Ã ditions Farrenc , was one of Franceâ s leading music publishers for nearly 40 years .
It was named for Cornelius Harnett -LRB- 1723-1781 -RRB- , member of the Continental Congress and signer of the Articles of Confederation .
He is also known for his appearances in World Championship Wrestling in its cruiserweight division under the names Jamie-san and Jamie Knoble and is a one-time Cruiserweight Champion .
The season had below-average activity , with only seven total storms , but unfortunately , was also devastating .
Perm -LRB- ; Gramota .
, titled '' Forget You '' or simply '' FU '' on the radio edits , is a song by American recording artist Cee Lo Green , released as a single in promotion of his third studio album , The Lady Killer .
They argue that the custom of meeting for worship on Sunday originated in paganism , specifically Sol Invictus and Mithraism -LRB- in which sun-god worship took place on Sunday -RRB- and constitutes an explicit rejection of the commandment to keep the seventh day holy .
The Official Tourism Site for Malta , Gozo and Comino : What to See & Do : Holiday Ideas : Culture and Heritage : Timeline : : Arab Occupation
Gembloux -LRB- in Walloon : Djiblou ; in Dutch : Gembloers -RRB- is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
discs 290 mm : 2.0 Turbo RS .
FranÃ ois Bourdoncle -LRB- born 1964 -RRB- is founder and CEO of the search engine company Exalead .
Pitka succeeds , but feels no need anymore to become # 1 .
An appointment , in government refers to the assignment of a person by an official to perform a duty , such as a presidential appointment of a judge to a court .
Masterpieces of architecture and sculpture were completed at cathedrals around Europe , including the Cathedral of Chartres and Nicola Pisano 's pulpits for the Duomo di Siena and Pisa 's Baptistery .
Odyssey Television Network , a Canadian Greek-language broadcasting company
The underside of the deck can be printed with a design by the manufacturer , blank , or decorated by any other means .
He was prosecuted during the Nuremberg trials for his role in perpetrating the Holocaust during his tenure as the Governor-General of that portion of occupied Poland that was not directly incorporated into the German Reich , although administered by the Nazis , and known as the General Government .
Hurricane Tico left thousands homeless in Mazatlán ; Tropical Storm Octave killed several people in one of Arizona 's worst disasters ; and Hurricane Winnie was a rare December cyclone .
Static random access memory -LRB- SRAM -RRB- is a type of semiconductor memory where the word static indicates that , unlike dynamic RAM -LRB- DRAM -RRB- , it does not need to be periodically refreshed , as SRAM uses bistable latching circuitry to store each bit .
Collins now lives in Connecticut with her husband , their two children , and 2 adopted feral kittens .
Onimaru - A heavyset gunslinger in pursuit of Kurohime .
Charles Ludwig von Sickingen-Ebernburg , the abbot of the abbey at Kornelimünster later ordered to rebuild the damaged unfinished building .
It is sometimes called the world 's first novel , the first modern novel , the first psychological novel or the first novel still to be considered a classic , though this issue is a matter of debate -LRB- see Stature below -RRB- .
Morgan Porterfield Freeman , Jr. -LRB- born June 1 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor , film director , and narrator .
Freud is best known for his theories of the unconscious mind and the defense mechanism of repression , and for creating the clinical practice of psychoanalysis for treating psychopathology through dialogue between a patient , technically referred to as an '' analysand '' , and a psychoanalyst .
The island of St. Thomas was the hardest hit by the storm , where about 80 % of the homes and businesses were destroyed , including the hospital and the water desalination plant ; five people were killed .
1756 & ndash ; A British garrison is imprisoned in the Black Hole of Calcutta .
Arthur Michell Ransome -LRB- 18 January 1884 -- 3 June 1967 -RRB- was an English author and journalist , best known for writing the Swallows and Amazons series of children 's books .
NORAD Official Site It was founded on May 12 , 1958 -LRB- the effect of the Cold War -RRB- as a joint command between the governments of Canada and the United States , as the North American Air Defense Command .
The story was first serialized in the American science fiction magazine Amazing Stories .
Specialized English was developed initially by Feba Radio in the UK , but Feba ceased direct involvement in 2009 .
She was voted Favorite New Performer by Hot Wire in 1990 and 1991 , and played many women 's music festivals through the decade of the 1990s .
Madrid -LRB- Spanish , English -RRB- is the capital and largest city of Spain .
Its main effect was to abolish the county councils of the metropolitan counties that had been set up in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 , along with the Greater London Council that had been established in 1965 .
The Alps are popular both in summer and in winter as a destination for sightseeing and sports .
Stephen Farrelly -LRB- 28 January 1978 -RRB- is an Irish professional wrestler and actor , best known by his ring names Sheamus and Sheamus O'Shaunessy . He is signed with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- and competes on the Raw brand where he is the reigning King of the Ring , and the current WWE United States Champion .
Apples were brought to North America with colonists in the 17th century , and the first apple orchard on the North American continent was said to be near Boston in 1625 .
English had been the administrative language of the colonial government , and when Singapore gained self-government in 1959 and independence in 1965 , the local government decided to keep English as the working language in order to maximize economic prosperity and because '' with English , no race would have an advantage .
Ross and his rival mercenary leader Trench Mauser -LRB- Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- visit a church to meet a man , who takes the simple title '' Mr. Church '' -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- .
It is the eighth -LRB- or seventh , on cassette -RRB- track from their third studio album Smash -LRB-/O1994/O-RRB- and was released as the second single from the album .
Islam was spread into what is now Niger beginning in the 15th century , by both the expansion of the Songhai Empire in the west , and the influence of the Trans-Saharan trade traveling from the Maghreb and Egypt .
After the pay-per view , the feud ended between the two when JBL 's rematch against Mysterio turned into his last match if he failed to win the World 's Championship .
Electric power transmission is the bulk transfer of electrical energy , a process in the delivery of electricity to consumers .
Michael Garrett Shanks -LRB- b. December 15 , 1970 , Vancouver , British Columbia -RRB- is a Canadian actor who achieved fame for his role as Dr. Daniel Jackson on the long-running science fiction television series Stargate SG-1 .
Atsushi Mio is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gainare Tottori .
They were built in the ancient city-state of Babylon , near present-day Al Hillah , Babil , in Iraq .
His playing style is unpredictable and highly original , making him more dangerous but sometimes leading to quick losses as well .
Since Whedon was directing Serenity at the time and required time to research Wonder Woman 's background , he did not begin the screenplay until late 2005 .
Cuttlefish Bones remains one of the best-known and influential collections of 20th-century Italian poetry .
Therefore , Galerius ordered his colleague Severus to immediately march to Rome , in the full confidence that , by his unexpected arrival , he would easily suppress the rebellion .
A calzone -LRB- Italian '' stocking '' or '' trouser '' -RRB- is a turnover that originates from Italy .
Females have about twice to three times the bulk of males -LRB- for they are carrying many eggs -RRB- , but are similarly colored .
The wide , glacial Rhône valley dominates the area .
It is named after Europa , one of Zeus 's conquests in Greek mythology , a name it shares with Jupiter 's moon Europa .
Zlatko ZahoviÄ -LRB- born 1 February 1971 -RRB- is a retired Slovenian footballer , of Serbian origin who played as an attacking midfielder .
Within the North Atlantic ocean , tropical or subtropical cyclones are named by the National Hurricane Center -LRB- NHC\/RSMC Miami -RRB- when they are judged to have intensified into a tropical storm with winds of at least 65 km\/h , -LRB- 40 mph -RRB- .
Capriasca is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In Norse mythology , a valkyrie -LRB- from Old Norse valkyrja '' chooser of the slain '' -RRB- is one of a host of female figures who decide who will die in battle .
Maurice LaMarche as Horace
53.3 km2 -- Bermuda
Naming and records Since all the twenty one predetermined hurricane names were exhausted after Hurricane Wilma , the Greek alphabet was used and the storm was designated Alpha once it reached tropical storm status .
T-Mobile were also kit sponsors for English club Birmingham City . The phone company is also involved in sponsoring leagues , such as the Austrian Football Bundesliga , which is currently named the T-Mobile Bundesliga .
'' Google Picasa '' , Obsessable , 2009 -LRB- see : References -RRB- .
In 2001 , production was canceled and it was announced that no new episodes would be produced .
Turning northward and encountering unfavorable conditions , Ivan gradually weakened before making landfall just west of Gulf Shores , Alabama on September 16 with winds of 120 mph -LRB- 195 km/h -RRB- .
The school has its own chapel and an auditorium .
The Solresol project of 1817 re-invented the concept in a more pragmatic context .
Additional seating was added to the Portman Stand in 1974 and the ground saw its record attendance of 38,010 the following year in an FA Cup tie against Leeds United .
Dark Horse 's film arm , Dark Horse Entertainment , produces films and TV shows based on Dark Horse Comics .
In this version of the myth -LRB- lines 60 â '' 105 -RRB- , Hesiod expands upon her origin , and moreover widens the scope of the misery she inflicts on mankind .
Since 1861 according to the constitution of 28 September 1860 the state has been governed by the ten-member Senate , which had been called council -LRB- in the German language of that time : Rath -RRB- before that time .
Dorothy Marie '' Dottie '' Metcalf-Lindenburger was born on May 2 , 1975 in Colorado Springs , Colorado and married Jason Metcalf-Lindenburger , a seventh grade teacher at the time , in 2000 .
It also had excellent supplies of timber for shipbuilding and general construction work , and a deep sheltered harbour where visiting British warships could be repaired .
New Super Mario Bros. was released by Nintendo in North America on May 15 , 2006 , in Japan on May 25 , 2006 , in Australia on June 8 , 2006 , and in Europe on June 30 , 2006 .
He later retracts his guilty plea .
Oats have numerous uses in food ; most commonly , they are rolled or crushed into oatmeal , or ground into fine oat flour .
One of the panj kakaar -LRB- five articles of faith -RRB- that Sikh men wear is a type of underpants called the kaccha , which are similar to boxer shorts .
Such planets could orbit Alpha Centauri A or Alpha Centauri B individually , or be on large orbits around the binary Alpha Centauri AB .
If he gets a mix , he will get one extra life .
This stylistic change and critical success was cemented by the band 's third studio album , Beneath the Remains in 1989 .
The primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine -LRB- DNA and RNA -RRB- , thymine -LRB- DNA -RRB- and uracil -LRB- RNA -RRB- , abbreviated as C , G , A , T , and U , respectively .
The Dominican city of Pedernales is the capital of the province of Pedernales , in the Dominican Republic . It is located in the southwest of the country .
The World Ocean , world ocean , or global ocean is the interconnected system of the Earth 's oceanic -LRB- or marine -RRB- waters , and comprises the bulk of the hydrosphere , covering almost 71 % of the Earth 's surface .
Zones with highest aluminium content are frequently located below a ferruginous surface layer .
In 1919 , following a return to activity after a four year suspension of all football competition in Italy during World War I the team merged with city rival Verona and changed its name to Hellas Verona .
The girls performed the theme songs for Teen Cribs and A Double Shot at Love on MTV , and their third official U.S. EP was released on September 7th 2010 .
Moisture from the system produced heavy rainfall over the island of Hawaii , totaling to over .
In 1815 Gerresheim was taken over by the Kingdom of Prussia .
Boys Do n't Cry is a 1999 American independent drama film based on the real-life story of Brandon Teena , a transgender man who was raped and murdered on December 31 , 1993 by male friends after they found out Teena had female genitalia .
The producer and scriptwriter , Nunnally Johnson , said that it was the first film in which audiences '' liked Marilyn for herself -LRB- and that -RRB- she diagnosed the reason very shrewdly .
Shines moved to Hughes , Arkansas in 1932 and worked on farms for three years putting his musical career on hold .
Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Cabanac-et-Villagrains is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Her favorite funny scene is when Harry inadvertently sets a boa constrictor free from the zoo in the horrified Dursleys ' presence .
Under him , the orchestra increased its recording profile and became one of the leading ensembles in Europe , and gained a name for its interpretations of late romantic and 20th century works , especially those of Sibelius and Gustav Mahler .
Another common method of cooling is exposing an object to ice , dry ice , or liquid nitrogen .
Michael James Owen -LRB- born 14 December 1979 in Chester -RRB- is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United .
Morellino di Scansano DOCG is an Italian red wine made in the hilly environs of the village of Scansano -LRB- GR -RRB- , in the Maremma , which includes a part of the coast of southern Tuscany .
Grand Vizier , in Turkish Vezir-i Azam or Sadr - Ä Azam -LRB- Sadrazam -RRB- or Serdar - Ä Ekrem -LRB- in Ottoman Turkish : Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù
A new Chinese Immigration Regulation Bill was being drafted for debate in Parliament while the first gold miners were arriving at Burrangong .
In one large group of sea slugs , the gills are arranged as a rosette of feathery plumes on their backs , which gives rise to their other name , nudibranchs .
It is located in the West Berkeley area about a mile and a half west of the North Berkeley BART station and a quarter-mile west of San Pablo Avenue , at the corner of 8th Street and Gilman .
Born in Austin , Texas , she traveled around the world during her childhood , only to land in Atlanta , Georgia where she met music producer , Jazze Pha .
The purpose of the Cape May Bird Observatory is to conduct research , encourage conservation , and organize educational and recreational birding activities .
Jeunet also directed numerous advertisements and music videos , such as Jean Michel Jarre 's Zoolook -LRB- together with Caro -RRB- .
Children usually attend kindergarten any time between the ages of two and seven years , depending on the local custom .
Reactions ranged from a bookseller in Mobile , Alabama who was forced to leave town for selling the novel to threatening letters sent to Stowe herself -LRB- including a package containing a slave 's severed ear -RRB- .
The abbey was founded in 1128 by King David I of Scotland .
The names of active members of the MPSE will generally appear in film credits with the post-nominal letters '' MPSE '' .
It is situated in the Antarctic region of the southern hemisphere , almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle , and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean .
King Ferdinand I -LRB- 1751 -- 1825 -RRB- is said to have disguised himself as a commoner and , in clandestine fashion , visited a poor neighborhood in Naples .
He took over the role of offensive coordinator in Pittsburgh for the 2004 season after Mike Mularkey became the head coach of the Buffalo Bills .
The work of the Archive can be officially dated to the establishment of the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library -LRB- part of the then Commonwealth National Library -RRB- by a Cabinet decision on 11 December 1935 .
Conan Christopher O'Brien -LRB- born April 18 , 1963 -RRB- is an American television host , television writer , comedian and the current host of The Tonight Show on NBC .
The second was a Triple Threat match from the Raw brand , in which WWE Champion Randy Orton defeated challengers Triple H and John Cena to retain the championship .
He went on to author the animator 's bible The Illusion of Life with Ollie Johnston .
In 1990 , he proved his extraordinary talent with victory at the International Carl Flesch Competition in London .
Unlike the simple counting board used in elementary schools , very efficient suanpan techniques have been developed to do multiplication , division , addition , subtraction , square root and cube root operations at high speed .
The magazine 's commercial heyday was during the 1970s when it became the best-selling British music magazine .
1264 - The state of Hesse gains its independence from Thuringia and becomes a free state of the Holy Roman Empire .
776 Berbericia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .
In the Hague a statue of Ot and Sien was erected in 1930 .
It was discovered by John J. Kavelaars , et al. .
Continental Airlines is a major American airline based in Continental Center I in Downtown Houston , Texas .
Edward III -LRB- 13 November 1312 -- 21 June 1377 -RRB- was one of the most successful English monarchs of the Middle Ages .
In 1801 the clerical states were dissolved , and Prussia gained the region , only to lose it again in the Napoleonic Wars .
Following the September 2005 election , in which the Schröder government was defeated , he left office on November 22 , 2005 .
The Blacks -LRB- Les Nègres -RRB- 1955\/1958\/1959
Following a successful chart performance worldwide and a positive reception from critics , the song is listed number three on the 100 Best Songs of 2007 published by Rolling Stone magazine .
Written by an ever-changing team of authors , Perry Rhodan is issued in weekly novella-size installments in the traditional German Heftroman -LRB- pulp booklet -RRB- format .
They would have six children together .
Another rivalry from the Raw brand came with Melina challenging Beth Phoenix for her WWE Women 's Championship in a singles match .
If frequency-hopping is avoided , each base station can provide up to 120 channels in the DECT spectrum before frequency reuse .
Shuvuuia is a genus of bird-like theropod dinosaur from the late Cretaceous period of Mongolia .
For more information on AES see Advanced_Encryption_Standard A few block ciphers , such as RC5 , support a variable block size .
When the main star of disillusioned director Viktor Taransky 's -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- new film walks away , Taransky is forced to find a replacement or never work again .
Capecchi came to MIT as a graduate student intending to study physics and mathematics , but during the course of his studies , he became interested in molecular biology .
Speaking of popular entertainment in London , Fielding 's character Luckless claims , '' If you must write , write nonsense , write operas , write entertainments , write Hurlothrumbos , set up an Oratory and preach nonsense , and you may meet with encouragement enough . '' Luckless 's only ambition is to become successful .
People stood silent for three minutes while air defense , police and fire sirens , and the horns of vehicles , vessels and trains sounded .
Type conversion , in computer science , changing an entity of one data type into another
Godwinson was subsequently defeated within a month by another Viking descendant , William , Duke of Normandy -LRB- Normandy had been acquired by Vikings -LRB- Normans -RRB- in 911 -RRB- .
Several London Bus routes connect with the site of the station and it is -LRB- since 20 February 2010 -RRB- served by routes EL1 and EL2 -LRB- phase one of the East London Transit -RRB- .
For something related to the United States in the same way , use American English .
His film career also includes such films as Marnie , The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , The Hunt for Red October , Highlander , Murder on the Orient Express , Dragonheart , and The Rock .
The City of Dunedin Choir -LRB- trading name of the Dunedin Choral Society Incorporated -RRB- is a community choir in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Objects in such an orbit can remain there for only a few hundred million years before the orbit is perturbed by gravitational interactions .
Biology Most lice are scavengers , feeding on skin and other debris found on the host 's body , but some species feed on sebaceous secretions and blood .
In 1994 both together with the two Ämter Rastow and Stralendorf from the district Schwerin-Land were merged to the today 's district of Ludwigslust .
History The trophy was introduced at the start of the 1985 -- 86 NHL season by the league 's Board of Governors .
Staatsoper Unter den Linden -LRB- Berlin State Opera -RRB- is a German opera company .
Louis David Riel -LRB- 22 October 1844 16 November 1885 , in English -RRB- was a Canadian politician , a founder of the province of Manitoba , and leader of the Métis people of the Canadian prairies .
The song was originally introduced during The Beatles sessions ; a demo from the Esher Sessions can be found on Anthology 3 .
On March 16 , 2006 , Sony Computer Entertainment Japan released a special Final Fantasy XII package , which contained a PlayStation 2 game system , the Final Fantasy XII game , a standard DualShock controller , and a vertical console stand . The Japanese third-party manufacturer Hori also released Final Fantasy XII memory cards on the day of the game 's release ; stickers of Final Fantasy XII characters are included .
He began his professional career with Empoli F.C. in 1998 , joined form CND team Monterotondo , only to leave the team for Parma in 2001 .
retrieved 3\/21\/2007The History of the Collections ... '' full text He committed suicide in 1929 , aged 71 , shortly after the death of his wife .
Jacques Anquetil -LRB- 8 January 1934 -- 18 November 1987 -RRB- was a French road racing cyclist and the first cyclist to win the Tour de France five times , in 1957 and from 1961 to 1964 .
In 2006 , the city proper had 272,975 inhabitants and its urban community 467,375 inhabitants .
Elosaurus Peterson & Gilmore , 1902
It is attested in writing as early as the 1830s .
Deron Michael Williams -LRB- born June 26 , 1984 -RRB- , nicknamed D-Will , is an American basketball player currently with the New Jersey Nets of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
The golfer Paul Lawrie , who won the 1999 Open Championship is a former pupil of Kemnay Academy , as is Aberdeen FC footballer Darren Mackie .
It is the county seat of Kendall County .
Singles match 12:39 2 Edge defeated Chris Jericho , Shelton Benjamin , Chris Benoit , Christian -LRB- with Tyson Tomko -RRB- and Kane .
Sports sponsorhip Coca-Cola was the first commercial sponsor of the Olympic games , at the 1928 games in Amsterdam , and has been an Olympics sponsor ever since .
Albert Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau was born in Berlin to Albert , a school principal , and Dora , a teacher .
, about 3\/5th of the total geographical area of the state .
One way in which the eucalyptus , mainly the blue gum E. globulus , proved valuable in California was in providing windbreaks for highways , orange groves , and other farms in the mostly treeless central part of the state .
Najaf -LRB- ; BGN : An Najaf -RRB- is a city in Iraq about 160 km south of Baghdad .
State what is wrong about your block .
Ã climeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hillary married Louise Mary Rose on 3 September 1953 , soon after the ascent of Everest .
The exposition closes in D major and is repeated .
It is larger in diameter than the planet Mercury but has only about half its mass .
The cyclone 's strength continued to fluctuate between tropical depression and tropical storm several times .
The band wrote the songs for both Amnesiac and Kid A in the studio , without regard for live performances , which had to be developed and arranged later . Many of the songs that ended up on Amnesiac had been played and recorded during shows in 2000 to promote Kid A. Radiohead had not toured widely outside of Europe since 1998 , but in 2001 , their Amnesiac tour reached North America and Japan .
Being sold at popular stores , or more typically , at general stores can also be an indicator .
In the autumn of 1928 , with October still under fire in many Soviet quarters , Eisenstein left the Soviet Union for a tour of Europe , accompanied by his perennial film collaborator Grigori Aleksandrov and cinematographer Eduard Tisse .
An iguana 's ear is known as the tympanum .
Béon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Jhang is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Jhang District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
He gave the company '' Symbolics '' some software with the public domain license .
As an example of this records show a variation from -RRB- 200 % to -LRB- 50 % of the average annual figure .
Subfamily Leporinae Trouessart 1880
Conscientious labor for the good of society : he who does not work , neither shall he eat .
In September 2001 , Miller went to Wolverhampton Wanderers on a three-month loan , scoring against Gillingham and Walsall .
The town 's population is 52,950 -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- with a catchment population of 71,700 -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB- .
The city is an important producer and exporter of cacao in Brazil .
Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
This was called Marti 's Fiesta , which is sadly no longer held due to lack of funds .
In 2003 , Barnes & Noble revamped and expanded its line of literature classics , releasing books in hardcover , trade paperback and mass-market editions .
Some consider it a special devotion to God by displaying humility in asking a saint for intercession instead of being answered themselves .
These clouds are then carried eastward by prevailing winds and pass over China , North and South Korea , and Japan , as well as parts of the Russian Far East .
Baleen whales are generally larger than toothed whales , and females are bigger than males .
In addition to guessing whether a card was higher or lower , the contestant had to wager money on that prediction .
It has more than 6,000 students and one campus , 35 different fields of studies and 5 faculties .
Slant Magazine agrees , saying the song '' is n't problematic because it promotes homosexuality , but because its appropriation of the gay lifestyle exists for the sole purpose of garnering attention â '' both from Perry 's boyfriend and her audience '' .
Frontman Nathan Winneke once described their sound as '' Nintendocore '' .
It is often square ended or has a projecting Lady Chapel , dedicated to the Virgin Mary .
The Australian Football League -LRB- AFL -RRB- is both the governing body and the major professional competition in the sport of Australian rules football .
TÃ cents rgoviÅ te is home to Municipal MCM TÃ cents rgoviÅ te basketball club which competes in the Romanian League and the EuroCup .
Scanned version of the famous 11th edition of the Britannica .
The football team credits Gatorade with their first Orange Bowl win over the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in 1967 , and the drink became an instant phenomenon .
Life Stanford was born in Dublin , the only son of John Stanford , examiner in the Court of Chancery -LRB- Dublin -RRB- and clerk of the Crown , County Meath .
The Chesapeake Bay is approximately 200 miles -LRB- 300 km -RRB- long , from the Susquehanna River in the north to the Atlantic Ocean in the south .
The capital and largest city is Charleston .
The depression slowed its forward motion , and dissipated the next day over Guatemala .
Telus is the namesake tenant in several office buildings , including Tour Telus in Montreal and Telus Plaza in Edmonton .
After the 1939 earthquake , she lived in Santiago , Chile and studied at the School of Arts .
Sky News Radio is a provider of news bulletins for radio stations in the United Kingdom .
There are three main types of modern acoustic guitar : the classical guitar -LRB- nylon-string guitar -RRB- , the steel-string acoustic guitar , and the archtop guitar .
Songs like '' Life in Technicolor II '' , which did n't make it to the final tracklist , '' Violet Hill '' and '' Death and All His Friends '' talk about war and politics .
Matthew Paris , English historian , personally interviews King Henry III of England for an entire week while compiling his major work of English history , Chronica Majora .
Basie toured in several acts between 1925 and 1927 , including Katie Krippen and Her Kiddies as part of the Hippity Hop show ; on the Keith , the Columbia Burlesque , and the Theater Owners Bookers Association -LRB- T.O.B.A. -RRB- vaudeville circuits ; and as a soloist and accompanist to blues singers Katie Krippen and Gonzelle White .
Nam could not get this exemption because she had not competed at the 1999 World Junior Championships . 1999 was the last year that the U.S. Figure Skating Championships were held after the World Junior Championships .
Listed here is a selection of works for which Smeaton composed music .
The strait carries the Florida Current , the beginning of the Gulf Stream , from the Gulf of Mexico .
As part of the relaunch , new logos and presenters were introduced .
Emilio Butragueño Santos -LRB- born July 22 , 1963 in Madrid -RRB- is a former Spanish football striker , best known for his spell with Real Madrid .
Terence Ian '' Terry '' Butcher is a former professional football player where he made his name as an uncompromising defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s .
He had an overall record of 26 wins , 17 losses and 3 draws as a professional , with 14 knockout wins .
His popularity in Germany results in this as well as publishing more than 20 books about cooking .
It has an area of and about four million inhabitants .
The 1967 -- 68 NHL season was the 51st season of the National Hockey League .
KFC primarily sells chicken pieces , wraps , salads and sandwiches .
Thus the density of atoms is on the order of a single hydrogen atom for every four cubic meters of volume .
Removal Various laundry techniques exist to attempt to remove or minimize existing stains , and stain removers are an important type of chemical in laundry detergents .
Clarence Clifton Young -LRB- born November 7 , 1922 -RRB- was a United States congressman from Nevada .
Wallace and the crew spent ten days in an open boat before being picked up by the brig Jordeson , which was sailing from Cuba to London .
Walter de Souza Goulart -LRB- 17 July 1912 -- 13 November 1951 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Jackson Township , named after Andrew Jackson , is a township in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
Mendel summarized his findings in two laws ; the Law of Segregation and the Law of Independent Assortment .
Dustin Lee Hoffman -LRB- born August 8 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor with a career in film , television , and theater since 1960 .
The club 's name was amended to Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. in 1996 at the request of Inverness District Council , who had contributed Â # 900,000 towards the development of Caledonian Stadium .
The Union 's name is formed from the beginning of each country 's name ; it was possibly created for the Benelux Customs Union , Revue de l'Institut International de Statistique -LRB-/O1947/O-RRB- Vol .
Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia .
Percy is moved into the Hermes cabin under the care of Luke , the cabin counselor .
It was founded in 1970 as an experiment in alternative education , to be in association with four other colleges in the Pioneer Valley : Amherst College , Smith College , Mount Holyoke College , and the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
On the way , Christian and Hopeful meet a lad named Ignorance , who believes that he will be allowed into the Celestial City through his own good deeds rather than as a gift of God 's grace . Christian and Hopeful meet up with him twice and try to persuade him to journey to the Celestial City in the right way .
residence = London , United Kingdom
Disposable hearing aids are hearing aids that have a non-replaceable battery . These aids are designed to use power sparingly , so that the battery lasts longer than batteries used in traditional hearing aids .
Ginseng is any one of eleven distinct species of slow-growing perennial plants with fleshy roots , belonging to the Panax genus in the family Araliaceae .
The Tribe was shown to be similar to the Clans , yet it follows a different set of ancestors , the Tribe of Endless Hunting .
Examples of neumes may be seen here : , , .
Bloxom is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
Unlike farmers , shepherds were often wage earners , being paid to watch the sheep of others .
The roots of several demonstrations and meetings were planted in Folkets Hus , and as a result it was strongly linked to the great demonstration against unemployment in 1918 when workers stormed the Danish Stock Exchange -LRB- Børsen -RRB- .
â With Saddam 's seizure of Kuwait in August 1990 an United Nations coalition led by the United States drove Iraq 's troops from Kuwait in February 1991 .
Spurgeons , formerly Spurgeons Child Care , is a charity based in England with international projects in Mexico , Africa and Eastern Europe .
The craft of stonemasonry has existed since the dawn of civilization - creating buildings , structures , and sculpture using stone from the earth .
February 3 & ndash ; Tulip mania collapses in the United Provinces -LRB- now the Netherlands -RRB- .
When the pressure in the left ventricle drops to below the pressure in the left atrium , the mitral valve opens , causing accumulated blood from the atrium to flow into the ventricle .
Battle of Kirina : Mandinka prince Sundiata Keita defeats Sosso king Soumaoro Kanté , beginning the Mali Empire .
The data and program memory were separated , operation was instruction based , the control unit could make conditional jumps and the machine had a separate I\/O unit .
Life and work Born in Vienna , Austria , Capra earned a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from the University of Vienna in 1966 .
NHL trade deadline : Deals since 1980 | Habs Inside/Out March 19 , 1994 : Donald Dufresne traded from Tampa Bay to Los Angeles for Los Angeles 's sixth round pick in 1994 Entry Draft .
In addition to the two events in 1854 , there were similar earthquakes in 1944 and 1946 .
Some jurisdictions require that the association register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .
As with painting , these sculptures show a fine eye for detail ; great care is taken in sculpting the minute details of jewellery , worn by the subjects of the sculpture .
In 1821 , the Berlin Opera gave the premiere of Weber 's Der Freischütz .
The term violone -LRB- literally '' large viol '' in Italian , '' - one '' being the augmentative suffix -RRB- can refer to several distinct large , bowed musical instruments which belong to either the viol or violin family . The violone is sometimes a fretted instrument , and may have six , five , four , or even only three strings .
Martin Stanford Peters MBE , -LRB- born 8 November 1943 in Plaistow , London -RRB- is a former football player and member of the victorious England team which won the 1966 World Cup as well as playing in the 1970 FIFA World Cup .
The Bundeskanzler -LRB- Federal Chancellor -RRB- heads the Bundesregierung -LRB- Federal Government -RRB- and thus the executive branch of the federal government .
Bodine 's career in Cup started at Watkins Glen International Raceway on August 9 , 1992 when he was 28 years old .
Peterhead -LRB- -RRB- is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The first full-length Aphex Twin album , Selected Ambient Works 85 -- 92 , was released in 1992 on R&S Records .
On February 23 , 2007 , Rise Against announced the departure of guitarist Chris Chasse , who left on his own accord because the touring schedule was becoming '' too much , '' on the band 's official website .
Lippe -LRB- -RRB- is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
In the words of the filmmaker Sergei Parajanov , his is '' one of the few authentic geniuses in the world of cinema '' .
A common example is tea .
The term de facto may also be used when there is no relevant law or standard , but a common and well established practice that is considered the accepted norm .
He scored 31 goals in 34 matches , the highest season total in the Eredivisie and second-highest in Europe overall , in addition to scoring all three of PSV 's goals in a Champions League match against HJK Helsinki on 25 November 1998 .
The thermosphere is the layer of the earth 's atmosphere directly above the mesosphere and directly below the exosphere .
He was born in Budapest , Hungary , in 1952 , and after four years at the PannÃ nia animation studios , emigrated to the West in 1975 .
Ghotki -LRB- -RRB- Ghotki is a town of Northern Sindh , Pakistan .
The Panama national football team is the national team of Panama and is controlled by the Federación Panameña de Fútbol .
Tajwal is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
There are numerous keylogging methods , ranging from hardware and software-based approaches to electromagnetic and acoustic analysis .
He moved with his wife Harriet to Cold Spring Harbor , New York , in 1950 to join the Carnegie Institution of Washington 's Department of Genetics , where he performed the famous Hershey-Chase blender experiment with Martha Chase in 1952 .
1770 & ndash ; King Friedrich Wilhelm III of Prussia -LRB- d. 1840 -RRB-
The NBA playoffs are often criticized for having too many teams , as it is common to see teams with losing regular season records in the playoffs .
Morphy grew up in an atmosphere of genteel civility and culture where chess and music were the typical highlights of a Sunday home gathering .
Asian arowana -LRB- Scleropages formosus -RRB- is a species of fish inhabits still streams and creeks in Southeast Asia and Australia ; Borneo , Malaysia , Sumatra and Thailand .
He then tried to get an academic post with the University of Zagreb , but was unsuccessful , so he remained in Å ram 's office until 1861 even though he was banned from practicing law in 1857 .
It was founded by the Romans between 50 and 44 BCE under the name of Colonia Iulia Equestris or Colonia Equestris Noiodunum , the urban center of which was called Noviodunum .
With further study , some of these will probably turn out to be related to each other .
Mohamed Abdullah Zidan -LRB- born December 11 , 1981 in Port Said -RRB- is an Egyptian footballer .
Born in Kiryat Bialik , Vollach began his career with his local club , Maccabi Kiryat Bialik .
A caldera is a cauldron-like volcanic feature usually formed by the collapse of land following a volcanic eruption such as the one at Yellowstone National Park .
Piper also stars as Hannah Baxter/Belle de Jour in Secret Diary of a Call Girl , an ITV2 adaptation of Belle de Jour 's The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl , a memoir detailing the life of a high-class prostitute .
'' Nero '' and '' Crni '' mean black , the color the rice turns because of the cuttlefish ink .
Apple sell their products all around the world .
The Platypus is semi-aquatic , inhabiting small streams and rivers over an extensive range from the cold highlands of Tasmania and the Australian Alps to the tropical rainforests of coastal Queensland as far north as the base of the Cape York Peninsula .
They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- and are the third-oldest franchise in the NFL .
The SI unit of measurement of electric current , the ampere , is named after him .
Fielding altered and rewrote The Author 's Farce for its second run beginning on 21 April 1730 , when it shared the bill with his earlier play Tom Thumb .
A corollary of Faraday 's Law , together with AmpÃ re 's law and Ohm 's law is Lenz 's law : The EMF induced in an electric circuit always acts in such a direction that the current it drives around the circuit opposes the change in magnetic flux which produces the EMF .
It may be done for religious , aesthetic , health , or hygiene reasons , or to treat disease .
Two of three wrestlers , Shane McMahon and Kurt Angle had never wrestled a match for WCW or ECW prior to the Invasion .
Science - covering social sciences , mathematics and science .
This code is said to have emphasized virtues such as loyalty , honor , obedience , duty , filial piety , and self-sacrifice .
Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun -LRB- March 23 , 1912 -- June 16 , 1977 -RRB- was a German-American rocket scientist , engineer , space architect , and one of the leading figures in the development of rocket technology in Germany and the United States during and after World War II .
Turf Tavern , a public house in Oxford , England
Before 1958 , the color shown below as medium lavender gray and now called purple mountain majesty by Crayola was called lavender in Crayola crayons .
MEPIS is developed and maintained by an active community begun by Warren Woodford and the eponymous company MEPIS LLC .
The Optus C1 satellite in Australia carries the channel for free , while in the UK it is available on Sky and Freesat platforms .
Heinrich Jansen Student February 1948 - Heinrich ` Ali ' Jansen -LRB- born February 1948 -RRB- joined the Baader-Meinhof Gang after they returned from training in Jordan .
After the crew narrowly escapes Reavers , Simon decides to leave Serenity at the next port .
'' Throne '' in an abstract sense can also refer to the monarchy or the Crown itself , an instance of metonymy , and is also used in many terms such as '' the power behind the throne '' .
1864 & ndash ; Alexander Gretchaninov , Russian composer -LRB- d. 1956 -RRB-
The game was developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Vivendi Universal Games .
Kazuyoshi Miura -LRB- ä æ ç è Miura Kazuyoshi , born on February 26 , 1967 -RRB- , often known simply as Kazu , is a Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- striker .
He should have said ` Stop . '
Several other operating entities related to the venue share its name .
Most administrators consider such an unblock request a sure sign of a sock account -LRB- particularly one with very few edits otherwise -RRB- and will decline on that basis .
An esplanade is a long , open , level area , usually next to a river or large body of water , where people may walk .
Paleolithic The prehistoric period during which the Palaeolithic civilisations existed in the Tamil Nadu region has been estimated to span the period from about 500,000 BCE until around 3000 BCE .
After going through the public school system , Dudley attended the Institute for Colored Youth in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The new oceanic crust is quite hot relative to old oceanic crust , so the new oceanic basin is shallower than older oceanic basins . If the diameter of the earth remains relatively constant despite the production of new crust , a mechanism must exist by which crust is also destroyed .
The actual site of Sujin 's grave is not known .
In the British Isles , '' shire '' is the original term for what is usually known as a county ; the word county having been introduced at the Norman Conquest of England .
There , people who use Game Maker can put their games for others to play .
The lyricist of traditional musical forms such as Opera is known as a librettist .
Benjamin '' Ben '' Gibbard -LRB- born August 11 , 1976 -RRB- is an American musician known as a member of several successful indie rock bands .
Chiron also does not exist -LRB- however , the name was used much later for the comet/asteroid 2060 Chiron -RRB- .
The Memphis blues is a style of blues music that was created in the 1920s and 1930s by Memphis-area musicians like Frank Stokes , Sleepy John Estes , Furry Lewis and Memphis Minnie .
Vilnius -LRB- see also other names -RRB- is the capital of Lithuania , and its largest city , with a population of 560,190 -LRB- 850,324 together with Vilnius County -RRB- as of 2010 .
Oxford University Press is the largest firm among a concentration of print and publishing firms ; the University of Oxford is also linked to the concentration of local biotechnology companies .
Upon graduation he entered a small-town general law practice for nearly a decade in Southaven , where he focused on criminal law and civil law representing a broad spectrum of clients .
Protactinium -LRB- -RRB- is a chemical element with the symbol Pa and atomic number 91 .
The city supports a top-level football team , Racing Club de Lens .
Some scholars maintain that the definition of the Holocaust should also include the Nazis ' systematic murder of millions of people in other groups , including Romani , people with disabilities , Soviet prisoners of war , Polish and Soviet civilians , homosexuals , Jehovah 's Witnesses and other political and religious opponents .
It is also possible to execute a pizzicato with a finger of the left hand -LRB- the hand that normally stops the strings -RRB- .
These can be effects on the organism in which the gene resides , the environment , or other organisms .
When she was 16 , she began performing at a nightclub near Columbia , Missouri , a gig that lasted two years .
Nicolle Hulagu positioned his forces on both banks of the Tigris River , divided them to form a pincer around the city .
It tells of the courageous insurrection of the Araucanians and also relates the history of Chile and of contemporary Spain .
Wolong National Nature Reserve -LRB- -RRB- is a protected area located in Wenchuan County , Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Ram Dass , -LRB- born Richard Alpert on April 6 , 1931 -RRB- , is an American contemporary spiritual teacher , and author of the seminal 1971 book Be Here Now .
Measles -LRB- sometimes known as English Measles -RRB- is spread through respiration -LRB- contact with fluids from an infected person 's nose and mouth , either directly or through aerosol transmission -RRB- , and is highly contagious -- 90 % of people without immunity sharing a house with an infected person will catch it .
It is part of the Idaho Falls , Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area .
A junior bridesmaid is a girl who is clearly too young to be marriageable , but who is included as an honorary bridesmaid .
Because cacao would not grow in the dry central Mexican highlands and had to be imported , chocolate was an important luxury good throughout the Aztec empire , and cocoa beans were often used as currency .
Recent observations indicate that this expansion is accelerating because of dark energy , and that most of the matter in the universe may be in a form which can not be detected by present instruments , and so is not accounted for in the present models of the universe ; this has been named dark matter .
Before leaving , Murtagh reveals that Eragon is his brother , and takes Eragon 's sword as well .
He was one of the few members of the RAF movement who did not attend a university .
Ong had suffered a previous concussion during the session , but the trainers gave him a lower evaluation for not avoiding injuries and told him to continue training .
Low-level jet streams .
Louis-Claude Daquin -LRB- or d'Acquin -RRB- , -LRB- July 4 , 1694 -- June 15 , 1772 -RRB- was a French composer of Jewish birth writing in the Baroque and Galant styles .
July 18 & ndash ; The bishop of Florence blesses the first foundational stone laid for the new campanile -LRB- bell tower -RRB- of the Florence Cathedral .
They are generally found in a wide variety of landscapes ; sclerophyll forest , -LRB- occasionally -RRB- rainforest , shrubland , and some more arid landscapes , though not in Australia 's deserts .
He received the nickname '' Butch '' as a youth and continues to use the name professionally as an adult .
Bretteville-sur-Dives is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In Mexico , prairie dogs are primarily found in the northern states which are the southern end of the great plains : northeastern Sonora , north and northeastern Chihuahua , northern Coahuila , northern Nuevo LeÃ n , and northern Tamaulipas . In the U.S. , they range primarily to the west of the Mississippi River , though they have also been introduced in a few eastern locales .
Span -LRB- category theory -RRB- , a generalization of the notion of relation between two objects of a category
Bothwell is a small town in the South Lanarkshire council area of Scotland . It lies on the north bank of the River Clyde , adjacent to Hamilton , nine miles east-south-east of Glasgow city center .
Offin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The sound of approaching soldiers is heard , and , picking up Musetta , Marcello and Colline carry her out on their shoulders amid the applause of the spectators .
Saint-Étienne-au-Mont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus -LRB- -RRB- when the penis is not erect .
1717 & ndash ; Horace Walpole , British novelist and politician -LRB- d. 1797 -RRB-
Calpiogna is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In 1987 during the Saturday night TV show Fantastico 7 , he attacked the Italian Socialist Party and its leader Bettino Craxi , then Italy 's Prime Minister , on the occasion of his visit in the People 's Republic of China .
After closure , some dome-topped trams were sold to Leeds , but the majority were sent to A F Harris 's scrapyard at Bevois Valley for scrapping .
The system was enhanced by diffluence from an upper-level low across the southwestern Atlantic .
Overview When it was first proposed in 1956 , in '' The Prehistory of Eastern Europe , Part 1 '' , Marija Gimbutas 's contribution to the search for Indo-European origins was a pioneering interdisciplinary synthesis of archaeology and linguistics .
birth_place = Villeneuve-Loubet , France
In Asia , where feather shuttlecocks are more affordable than in Europe and North America , plastic shuttlecocks are hardly used at all . All senior international tournaments use only feather shuttlecocks of the highest quality . .
Welch has been diagnosed with dyslexia and dysmetria ; she also suffers from depression and insomnia .
Grand-Verly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Atticus is a central character in the novel .
This became dominated by rear-engined Coopers drawing on their Formula 3 and ` Bobtail ' sports car , with Porsches based on their RSK sports cars enjoying some success .
Frédéric Joliot-Curie -LRB- 1900 -- 1958 -RRB- , French physicist and Nobel Prize winner , Irène 's husband
Éclimeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The song talks about a place called '' Manser 's Shaw '' in Battle , East Sussex where the band used to spend their childhood days .
The Venetian rule was initially strict and oppressive but slowly the relations between the two parts improved .
He made his final public appearance on October 15 , 1972 , throwing the ceremonial first pitch before Game 2 of the World Series .
Primates A primate 's nail consists of the unguis alone ; the subunguis has disappeared .
Mulinu'u , the old ceremonial capital , lies at the city 's western end , and is the location of the Parliament House -LRB- Maota Fono -RRB- and the historic observatory , which is now the meteorology office .
This subfamily is larger than all mammal families except the Cricetidae and Muridae , and is larger than all mammal orders except the bats and the remainder of the rodents .
The city was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period .
Following several changes of aristocratic ownership , it came into the hands of the House of Wettin in 1353 from the House of Henneberg with the marriage of Friedrich III , the Strong , with Katherina von Henneberg and was initially regarded by them as a Saxon outpost within Franconia .
Terry Ann '' Teri '' Garr -LRB- born December 11 , 1944 -RRB- is an American film and television actress .
Stadelheim Prison , in Munich 's Giesing district , is one of the largest prisons in Germany .
In Greek mythology , Nyx -LRB- , Nox in Roman translation -RRB- was the primordial goddess of the night .
In religion , the charge of schism is distinguished from that of heresy , since the offence of schism concerns not differences of belief or doctrine but promotion of , or the state of , division , but schisms frequently involve mutual accusations of heresy . In Roman Catholic teaching , every heresy is a schism .
In other cases a large enough amount of energy can be utilized to bring them back to life , usually provided by their human allies , even after being completely destroyed , as was the case with Mebius 's death at the hands of Empira , only to be revived shortly thereafter by the life energy of his allies .
Sine The sine of an angle is the ratio of the length of the opposite side to the length of the hypotenuse .
Mystic is a city in Appanoose County , Iowa , United States .
Today Thalwil has mostly left its farming and industrial past behind and become a commuter base .
Characters Shade is the protagonist of the series .
In the face of increasing financial strain , the system collapsed in 1971 , after the United States unilaterally terminated convertibility of the dollars to gold .
By the turn of the century , however , Rotherham Town had resigned from the Football League and gone out of business ; a new club of the same name later joined the Midland League .
National Hurricane Center has think that tropical depression One might strengthen into a tropical storm , but it did not because of the the water is cold and did not gave enough energy to the storm .
She is the most famous example of a Cunning woman in her country .
Canterbury Cathedral in Canterbury , Kent , is one of the oldest and most famous Christian structures in England and forms part of a World Heritage Site .
A. M. Elgin opened the first coal mine in the Mystic area in 1857 , about 1.5 miles north of Mystic on Little Walnut Creek .
For the first ten billion kilometres of its radius , the solar wind travels at over a million kilometers per hour .
Nakamura Hikaru , born December 9 1987 in Hirakata -RRB- is an American chess Grandmaster -LRB- GM -RRB- and the current United States Chess Champion .
In 1927 it became capital of the Matera province .
He was considered the only popular composer in the world who ruled a law-enforcement department at the same timeEkimyan 's biography at Peoples .
It was made to commemorate Kim Il Sung 's 70th birthday .
After Robinson 's retirement from baseball , his wife , Rachel Robinson , pursued a career in academic nursing â '' she became an assistant professor at the Yale School of Nursing and director of nursing at the Connecticut Mental Health Center .
He pioneered the scientific study of the psychology of visual perception , being the first scientist to argue that vision occurs in the brain , rather than the eyes .
In computer science they are used , among other things , for the precise definition of data formats and the syntax of programming languages .
Falsifiability or refutability is the logical possibility that an assertion could be shown false by a particular observation or physical experiment .
Republic of Tatarstan -LRB- ; -RRB- is a federal subject of Russia -LRB- a republic -RRB- .
Maureen Ann '' Mo '' Tucker -LRB- born August 26 , 1944 , in Levittown , New York -RRB- is a musician best known for having been the drummer for the rock group The Velvet Underground .
Laventie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The American Broadcasting Company aired a TV film featuring Maggie Lawson as Nancy Drew in 2002 .
For more about the time zones of the U.S. see time in the United States .
The state itself encompassed only a small territory , including Mahabad , and the market towns of Piranshahr , Sardasht , Bukan , Naqada and Ushnaviya .
The Bridgestone Cycle Co Ltd originated in 1949 .
I/O devices are used by a person -LRB- or other system -RRB- to communicate with a computer .
Ø Ø -RRB- is the southernmost of the eight districts of Azad Jammu and Kashmir it borders Indian-administered Kashmir to the east . The district is located between Latitude : 32-48 to 33-34 and Longitude : 73.55 to 74-45 , and has an area of 1516 kmÂ .
the merchant navy , with a lot of models of cargo ships , a lot of them docked often in front of or in the vicinity of the hangar where the museum is located
Macleans College offers senior students two pathways - NCEA -LRB- National Certificate of Educational Achievement -RRB- , and CIE -LRB- Cambridge International Examinations -RRB- .
The custard filling is related to the French crÃ me patissiÃ re which is a key component of various French cakes and tarts .
Geography Belgian Limburg is crossed by the Albert Canal , and has historically been a major coal-mining area .
On 6 June , five days after Flight 447 disappeared , it was reported that the Brazilian Air Force had located '' bodies and debris '' from the missing aircraft , after they had been spotted by a special search radar-equipped aircraft near the Saint Peter and Saint Paul Archipelago .
She was raised by two aunts .
The city is nestled between the southwestern Ridge-and-valley Appalachians and the foot of Walden 's Ridge ; the river separates the ridge from the western side of downtown .
With a stage show that features guillotines , electric chairs , fake blood , boa constrictors and baby dolls , Cooper has drawn equally from horror movies , vaudeville , and garage rock to pioneer a grandly theatrical and violent brand of heavy metal that was designed to shock .
The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield , Massachusetts , was named in Naismith 's honor .
The second type of languages have a formal logical basis , i.e. they have a formal syntax and semantics , and can be mapped to an existing formal language , such as first-order logic .
This article is about Mary , queen consort of France .
A further Doom game developed by id Software on their new id Tech 5 game engine , Doom 4 , was announced in May 2008 , although the game is not going to continue the story of Doom 3 .
Xena and Gabrielle 's relationship -LRB- see Influence on the lesbian community -RRB- has been cited as one of the reasons for the series ' enduring popularity , along with the ambiguity of that relationship while the series was running .
Seventeen species of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef in warm waters up to deep and are more common in the southern than in the northern section .
Twelve Communists were killed and fifty-five others were wounded , including eminent Bolshevik theorist and Pravda editor Nikolai Bukharin .
A bomber is a military aircraft designed to attack ground and sea targets , primarily by dropping bombs on them .
The Democratic National Committee -LRB- DNC -RRB- is the principal organization governing the United States Democratic Party on a day to day basis .
He carried the stage name with him until his 2003 album , Unleashed , under simply Bow Wow -LRB- dropping the '' Lil '' from the name -RRB- .
That enemy pawn , which would have been able to capture the moving pawn had it advanced only one square , is entitled to capture the moving pawn '' in passing '' as if it had advanced only one square .
The Ark features in the traditions of a number of Abrahamic religions , including Judaism , Christianity , Islam , and others .
According to traditional Rabbinic Judaism , God revealed his laws and commandments to Moses on Mount Sinai in the form of both the Written and Oral Torah .
He played in the gold medal-winning Azerbaijani team at the European Team Chess Championship in Novi Sad in 2009 , alongside Shakhriyar Mamedyarov , Teimour Radjabov , Rauf Mammadov and Gadir Guseinov , previously winning bronze medal in 2007 .
Gun dogs , also gundogs or bird dogs , are types of dogs developed to assist hunters in finding and retrieving game , usually birds .
Mathematically :
Rafael Felipe Scheidt -LRB- born February 10 , 1976 in Porto Alegre , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer .
David and Jaime have a son , Jaden -LRB- Jaden Rayne Boreanaz , born on May 1 , 2002 -RRB- , and a daughter , Bella -LRB- Bardot Vita Boreanaz , born on August 31 , 2009 -RRB- .
Hamilcar held Hannibal over the fire roaring in the chamber and made him swear that he would never be a friend of Rome .
The science fiction genre has a number of recognition awards for authors , editors and illustrators .
It is the only museum in the country where visitors can ride on buses , trams and trolleybuses , as a well as a narrow gauge railway .
Oberhof is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Most of the county 's population is concentrated in a central north -- south band which includes the four largest towns -LRB- corresponding to districts 2 , 4 , 5 & 6 on the map -RRB- .
TomÃ Å Kaberle -LRB- ; born March 2 , 1978 -RRB- is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman , currently playing for the Boston Bruins of the NHL . He previously played for the Toronto Maple Leafs .
Pashto -LRB- Naskh : - ; also transliterated Pakhto , Pushto , Pukhto , Pashtu , or Pushtu -RRB- , also known as AfghaniDictionary.com , '' Afghani , '' in The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language , Fourth Edition .
It is the second largest urban area in Connacht -LRB- after Galway -RRB- .
Lioux -LRB- LiuÃ in Occitan -RRB- is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The Province of Terni is the smaller of the two provinces in the Umbria region of Italy , comprising one-third of both the area and population of the region . Its capital is the city of Terni .
In 2006 he announced his intention to contest the Gordon constituency in the 2007 Scottish Parliament election , an election in which Salmond defeated the incumbent MSP and in which nationally , the SNP emerged as the largest single party . Salmond was voted First Minister by the Scottish Parliament on 16 May 2007 .
There have been variations in the details of the seal , but the overall design and images remain true to the original .
Ongar tube station is a former London Underground station in the town of Chipping Ongar , Essex .
Calvados can be served as apéritif , blended in drinks , between meals , as a digestif , or with coffee .
Karen Walker -LRB- née Delaney , previously St. Croix , Popeil , and Finster -RRB- is a fictional character on the American television sitcom Will & Grace -LRB- 1998 -- 2006 -RRB- .
A quarter note -LRB- American -RRB- or crotchet -LRB- British -RRB- is a note played for one quarter of the duration of a whole note -LRB- or semibreve -RRB- .
In 1609 King James I of England granted Kilkenny a Royal Charter giving it the status of a city .
The accordion 's basic form is believed to have been invented in Berlin in 1822 by Christian Friedrich Ludwig Buschmann , although one instrument has been recently discovered that appears to have been built earlier .
Open-wheel car , formula car , or often single-seater car in British English , describes cars with the wheels outside the car 's main body and , in most cases , one seat .
L'Atalante is the smallest of the three ; its surface begins at about below sea level .
Pissarro died in Paris on 13 November 1903 and was buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery .
-LRB- See Perpetual virginity of Mary -RRB- .
He was born in Fort William , Ontario , and is the brother of Hall of Famer Bud Poile .
An eye started appearing in Marilyn and the storm reached a peak intensity of 949 millibars with winds of only 115 mph -LRB- 185 km\/h -RRB- , a Category 3-major hurricane .
Lake Pontchartrain , New Orleans , Louisiana , U.S.
had risen to 2,277,605 , and in 1901 to 3,014,675 .
The National Institute of Standards and Technology -LRB- NIST -RRB- , known between 1901 and 1988 as the National Bureau of Standards -LRB- NBS -RRB- , is a measurement standards laboratory which is a non-regulatory agency of the United States Department of Commerce .
In some communities , those traveling using roller skates or skateboards are also considered to be pedestrians .
James May described the Veyron as '' our Concorde moment . ''
It was invented c. 1764 by James Hargreaves in Stanhill , near Blackburn , Lancashire in the northwest of England .
The school occupied the buildings that formerly made up Glenmore Elementary School , which was closed the previous year along with several other schools in West Vancouver .
She is also a chess writer and promoter and the head of the Susan Polgar Institute for Chess Excellence at Texas Tech University .
1936 & ndash ; Bruno Richard Hauptmann is executed for the kidnapping and death of Charles Augustus Lindbergh II , the baby son of pilot Charles Lindbergh .
Wilhelm Busch -LRB- 15 April 1832 -- 9 January 1908 -RRB- was an influential German caricaturist , painter , and poet who is famed for his satirical picture stories with rhymed texts .
In US-specific topics , the primary units are generally US customary units , with conversions given into SI and related units Use units consistently .
The different leukemias likely have different causes .
It is named after the Greek god Phobos -LRB- which means '' fear '' -RRB- , a son of Ares -LRB- Mars -RRB- .
A stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient key -- 128 bits , for example .
On August 20 , 2008 , a blog entry on the band 's website announced an extended play -LRB- EP -RRB- , entitled The Way Out Is Broken .
Local tertiary institutions are the Forbes College of Technical and Further Education -LRB- TAFE -RRB- and the Forbes Conservatorium .
The surface is covered with ink by rolling over the surface with an ink-covered roller -LRB- brayer -RRB- , leaving ink upon the flat surface but not in the non-printing areas .
The northern parts were once covered by veen -LRB- bogs -RRB- which separated the dryer and more arable south from Drenthe and which have been exploited as fuel to a large degree .
The question of when and where the bow was invented is of interest because the bow made possible several of the most important instruments in music today .
The current building was erected in the 1890s on the site of the old Bolshoi Theatre of Saint Petersburg and still preserves the grand staircase and landing from that historic theater .
September 28 & ndash ; James I of Aragon captures the city of Valencia from the Moors , who retreat to Granada .
At the start of the season , six teams needed to pre-qualify : two-car teams of Lola , AGS and EuroBrun along with single-car teams of Osella , Coloni and Life .
It is native to northern China .
If all but one player fold on any round , the remaining player collects the pot and may choose to show or conceal their hand .
Finally , on the following day , December 6 , Felix Dzerzhinsky 's Cheka , entered Yerevan , thus effectively ending the existence of the Democratic Republic of Armenia .
It is the largest church in the state of Indiana , and in 2007 was the 20th largest in the United States .
Year 1333 -LRB- MCCCXXXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
__ NOTOC __
To most bishops , the teachings of Arius were heretical and dangerous to the salvation of souls .
In his first major position , Carême worked as chef de cuisine to Talleyrand .
J.iv .228 ff To Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka According to the Mahavamsa , the Sri Maha Bodhi in Sri Lanka was planted in 288 BC , making it the oldest verified specimen of any angiosperm .
The album featured the hit single '' Run It ! ''
Barbara Pierce Welch Bush -LRB- born November 25 , 1981 ; Dallas , Texas -RRB- is the elder of the fraternal twin daughters -LRB- the other is Jenna Hager , nÃ e Bush -RRB- of the 43rd U.S. President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush , and the granddaughter of the 41st U.S. President George H. W. Bush , and his wife Barbara Bush , after whom she was named .
In 1903 her father committed suicide and she returned to Independence to be with her mother .
The circus director makes Dumbo the top of an elephant pyramid stunt , but Dumbo causes the stunt to go wrong , injuring the other elephants and bringing down the big top .
Another link existed between Arnhem Land and New Guinea , at times enclosing an enormous freshwater lake -LRB- Lake Carpentaria -RRB- in the center of what is now the Gulf of Carpentaria .
Willerval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Faverolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
1958 & ndash ; Guinea declares its independence from France .
is an award-winning 1998 Japanese anime series directed by Shinichir Watanabe , written by Keiko Nobumoto , and produced by Sunrise .
She also wrote romances under the name Mary Westmacott , but is best remembered for her 80 detective novels and her successful West End theatre plays .
He is best known for the invention of mechanical puzzles including Rubik 's Cube -LRB-/O1974/O-RRB- , Rubik 's Magic , Rubik 's Snake and Rubik 's 360 .
The El Gato Negro characters were created by comic book artist and writer Richard Dominguez , both making their first published appearance in El Gato Negro # 1 -LRB- October 1993 -RRB- published under Dominguez 's own Azteca Productions imprint .
She was tortured to death by Gertrude Baniszewski -LRB- nÃ e Van Fossan -RRB- , Gertrude 's children , and other young people from their neighborhood .
A violent crime or crime of violence is a crime in which the offender uses or threatens to use violent force upon the victim .
Servaas '' Faas '' Wilkes -LRB- October 13 , 1923 & ndash ; August 15 , 2006 -RRB- was a Dutch football forward , who earned a total of 38 caps for the Dutch nation team , in which he scored 35 goals -LRB- average 0.92 goals per game -RRB- .
The Swedish Academy appreciated the idealistic and -- for Western readers -- accessible nature of a small body of his translated material , including the 1912 Gitanjali : Song Offerings .
They are named after Sir Hugh Munro , 4th Baronet -LRB- 1856 & ndash ; 1919 -RRB- , who produced the first list of such hills , known as Munro 's Tables , in 1891 .
7.1 -- 10 % of the Arab world 's population
Ambler is a city in Northwest Arctic Borough , Alaska , United States .
When thrash metal began to gain a major following in the mid-to-late 1980s , Anthrax were dubbed one of the '' big four '' of thrash metal alongside Metallica , Megadeth , and Slayer .
Division The modern day Netherlands are divided into twelve provinces -LRB- provincies in Dutch -RRB- .
In the real world there are six cardinal directions not involved with geography which are north , south , east , west , up and down .
If a bee knows the direction to a feeding place found during a morning excursion , it can also find the same location , as well as the precise time at which this source provides food , in the afternoon , based on the position of the sun .
Shortly after graduating for the California Institute of the Arts Hartman was hired as a character designer for the animated series '' My Little Pony '' .
Oral sex can be performed by both partners at the same time in the so-called '' sixty-nine '' position .
During gravitational separation of the ores from placer deposits , not only is Cassiterite -LRB- SnO2 -RRB- found , but a small percentage of tantalite also included .
Nielles-lès-Ardres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The band recorded the record with producer Ken Andrews -LRB- Pete Yorn , Mae -RRB- in Los Angeles in the spring of 2007 ; Andrews also handled the mixing duties for the album .
The township , named after the Chiltern Hills in England , was surveyed in 1853 but not established until gold discoveries in 1858-59 during the greater Victorian Gold Rush period .
Not long after selecting Ye Eun as the fifth member , the Wonder Girls had their showcase in the MTV Studio .
With the death of the last surviving knight , The Maharaja of Dhrangadhra , the order became dormant in 2010 .
It is the municipality with the longest name in Germany .
Rubidium oxide is the chemical compound with the formula Rb2O .
Hart took part in the robberies at Euroa and Jerilderie , and a few of the things he did are worth comment .
The BEST -LRB- Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport -RRB- -LRB- Marathi : \/O/ brahanmumba vidyutapuravaTh i parivahan upakram \/O/ b s -RRB- -RRB- is Mumbai 's public transport service and electricity provider .
The use of multisets in mathematics predates the name '' multiset '' by nearly 90 years .
Saddam reached out to other Arab governments for cash and political support during the war , particularly after Iraq 's oil industry severely suffered at the hands of the Iranian navy in the Persian Gulf .
Biography Masur was born in Brieg , Lower Silesia , Germany -LRB- now Brzeg in Poland -RRB- and studied piano , composition and conducting in Leipzig , Saxony .
In 1638 , Galileo published his analysis of several situationsâ '' including the celebrated '' interrupted pendulum '' â '' which can be described -LRB- in modern language -RRB- as conservatively converting potential energy to kinetic energy and back again .
Token amounts intended to promote recycling via container-deposit legislation
Go-K Å gon 's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time-frame was Go-Murakami-tenn Å
His epitaph quotes a line from one of his poems : '' I had a lover 's quarrel with the world . ''
The party led the 1917 October Revolution that overthrew the Russian Provisional Government and established the world 's first socialist state .
Since her 1998 debut with the single '' Poker Face '' , Hamasaki has sold over 50 million records in Japan , making her the best selling solo singer in Japanese history and ranking her among the best-selling singers in the country .
The description of black holes given by general relativity is known to be an approximation , and some scientists expect that quantum gravity effects will become significant near the vicinity of the event horizon .
John Oxley passed through in 1817 during one of the first inland expeditions .
In addition , the term '' boy friend '' -LRB- or in some areas '' guy friend '' -RRB- can refer to a male non-romantic and non-sexual friend .
Released on September 11 , 2007 , the album features production from Dr. Dre , Eminem , and Timbaland , among others .
Knock 's notability derives from the Apparition of 1879 , when , at 8.00 PM on 21 August 1879 , it was reported that the Virgin Mary , together with St Joseph and St John the Evangelist , appeared to local people .
In the 1980s , SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck was Chief of Staff to the Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia , Johannes Rau .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al .
An optical fiber is a thin , flexible , transparent fiber that acts as a waveguide , or '' light pipe '' , to transmit light between the two ends of the fiber .
Arsenic pentoxide , As2O5 , is an important commercial compound of arsenic .
She was playing piano herself at the age of four and playing jazz in a local restaurant at 15 .
He played college football at Michigan State .
Jacob '' Jake '' Black is a fictional character in the Twilight series by Stephenie Meyer .
Was born in Cidade Ademar , a district on the outskirts of São PauloNo começo não tive tesão pelo teatro ' , diz Sheila Mello .
are megalithic tombs or tumuli in Japan , constructed between the early 3rd century and early 7th century .
Postgate died peacefully at a nursing home in Broadstairs , near his home on the Kent coast , on 8 December 2008 , aged 83 .
One of the only a handful of professional footballers to serve in active combat in the Nahal , Vollach actually missed an entire season of football while serving his country .
Dame Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor , DBE -LRB- born 27 February 1932 -RRB- , also known as Liz Taylor , is an English-born British-American actress .
Southern Praying Mantis -LRB- , which reads in Cantonese as Nam -LRB- south -RRB- Pai -LRB- Clan -RRB- Tong Long , translated as Praying Mantis-where the literal translation means ` King Insect -RRB- is a Chinese martial art native to the Hakka people -LRB- , in Cantonese read Ha Ka or Ha Ga , a reference to descendants of the Han Dynasty who later migrated south at a time of political unrest -RRB- .
Therefore , isotopes of the same element have different mass numbers -LRB- number of nucleons -RRB- .
The Artaxiads -LRB- , Arta esiani -RRB- , a branch of the eponymous dynasty of Armenia , ruled Iberia -LRB- ancient Georgia -RRB- from c. 90 BC to 30 AD .
A member of the House of Lords was known as a pair -LRB- see also pairie -RRB- , or officially as a member of the Prussian House of Lords -LRB- Mitglieder des preuÃ ischen Herrenhauses , or MdH -RRB- .
By calling a federal referendum a group of citizens may challenge a law that has been passed by Parliament , if they can gather 50,000 signatures against the law within 100 days .
For eighteen days , up to August , 30 BC he was sole pharaoh , when he was killed on orders of Octavian , who would become the Roman emperor Augustus .
The indigenous peoples of Sikkim consist of the Lepcha , Limbu , migrating from Tibet , Bhutias , descendants of Buddhists who arrived from Nepal in 15th century , who migrated from the Kham district of Tibet in the 14th century , and Nepali , descendants of Hindus who arrived from Nepal in the 19th century .
O'Leary worked as a prosecutor in New Jersey and was later a partner in the consulting\/accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand .
Tobin suggested a new system for international currency stability , and proposed that such a system include an international charge on foreign-exchange transactions .
Dobryanka -LRB- -RRB- is a town in Perm Krai , Russia , located on the bank of the Kama Reservoir , north of Perm .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum -LRB- or in some cases , the difference -RRB- of their values .
The 1989 Formula One season was the 40th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
Tincques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The additives satisfied the U.S. government 's requirements that the alcohol be unfit for human consumption , and added visible color in case of a fire .
A series of Regional Red Lists are produced by countries or organizations , which assess the risk of extinction to species within a political management unit .
He was born in La Margarita , close to Comendador and died in 1845 when he was attacking a fortified position in BÃ nica .
In June 2005 , CoCo 's engagement with Canadian businessman Bruce Rockowitz was made public , apparently having taken place some months earlier .
Previously he was the co-host on Get This , a radio show which aired on the Triple M Network in Australia with Tony Martin and Richard Marsland .
June 1 -- Battle of Shamkor : Georgians defeat the Ildenizids of Azerbaijan .
Location In 2009 , the fossils of 28 individual T. cerrejonensis were announced to have been found in the coal mines of Cerrejón in La Guajira , Colombia .
Presentation of data on a logarithmic scale can be helpful when the data covers a large range of values the logarithm reduces this to a more manageable range .
Christopher Eccleston -LRB- ; born 16 February 1964 -RRB- is an award-winning English stage , film and television actor .
Roquefort-la-Bédoule is a commune in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
His precise landing-place is a matter of much controversy , with Cape Bonavista or St. John 's in Newfoundland the most likely sites .
Artificial light was forbidden for fear it may damage the manuscripts .
Ernst Friedrich Christoph '' Fritz '' Sauckel -LRB- 27 October 1894 â '' 16 October 1946 -RRB- was a Nazi war criminal , who organized the systematic enslavement of millions from lands occupied by Nazi Germany .
Usually , the storm makes landfall in the Mexican states of Baja California or Sonora and the remaining moisture affects the state .
The World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- United States Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment .
Upon being classified as a tropical cyclone , the depression was embedded within a deep easterly steering current provided by a ridge to its north .
Late in 1967 , Beatle George Harrison hired the Remo Four as his backing band for part of his first solo project , the soundtrack album to the movie Wonderwall .
The highest point is the crater of Lua Makika at the summit of Puu Moaulanui , which is 1,477 above sea level .
The inauguration of the university was made possible by the wealth resulting from Victoria 's gold rush .
Mark Knopfler and Dire Straits have sold in excess of 120 million albums to date .
Saint-R émy - du-Val is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
__ NOTOC __
it is the largest city in the Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario metropolitan area of Southern California , 4th largest inland California city after Fresno , Sacramento , and Bakersfield , and is located approximately east of Los Angeles .
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Gaspar y Rimbau -LRB- Madrid , 2 March 1842 -- Oloron , 7 September 1902 -RRB- was a Spanish diplomat and writer , who wrote plays , zarzuelas -LRB- light operas -RRB- , and novels .
In the 1973 â '' 74 NHL season , Tony Esposito of the Chicago Black Hawks and Bernie Parent of the Philadelphia Flyers finished tied for the fewest goals against , the only time that there would be a tie between two players from different teams .
Born in Versailles , Marie Clotilde was the elder daughter of Louis , Dauphin of France , the only son of King Louis XV , and of the Dauphin 's wife , Princess Maria Josepha of Saxony .
There are six primary schools : the Freiherr-vom-Stein-Grundschule in Dudenhofen , the Carl-Orff-Schule in JÃ 1\/4 gesheim , the Gartenstadt-Schule in Nieder-Roden , the Grundschule am BÃ 1\/4 rgerhaus in Nieder-Roden , the MÃ 1\/4 nchhausen-Schule in Hainhausen and the Wilhelm-Busch-Schule in JÃ 1\/4 gesheim .
OpenOffice.org users can also install the Open Clip Art Library , which adds a huge gallery of flags , logos , icons and banners for general presentation and drawing projects .
Sources Édouard Roche : La figure d'une masse fluide soumise à l'attraction d'un point éloigné , Acad .
It was preceded by Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection , which ran from 1994 to 1999 .
Volcanic ash , material ejected from the top of a volcano
Two types of star clusters can be distinguished : globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds of thousands of very old stars which are gravitationally bound , while open clusters , a more loosely clustered group of stars , generally contain less than a few hundred members , and are often very young .
In computer science , synchronization refers to one of two distinct but related concepts : synchronization of processes , and synchronization of data .
GAA rules are the earliest nationally organised rules of play , being formalised in 1884 .
Jane Austen , the author of such works as Pride and Prejudice -LRB- 1813 -RRB- and Emma -LRB- 1815 -RRB- , has become one of the best-known and widely read novelists in the English language .
The NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the NHL 's Tampa Bay Lightning call Tampa home , while the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball play across the bay in St. Petersburg .
He was a member of the Struve family , the son of Gustav Wilhelm Ludwig Struve , grandson of Otto Wilhelm von Struve and great-grandson of Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve , who were Russian astronomers of ethnic German origin .
If available , clarinets in A should be used instead of clarinets in B-flat ; the A clarinets would be written in G major , while the B-flats would be written in F-sharp or G-flat major .
Year 19 -LRB- XIX -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Some Actinobacteria form branching filaments , which somewhat resemble the mycelia of the unrelated fungi , among which they were originally classified under the older name Actinomycetes .
'' In the 1930s , Shi was a strong supporter of the Human Rights Defense Alliance established by Madam Soong Qing Ling , the second wife of revolutionary leader Dr Sun Yat-sen , with Cai Yuanpei and Lu Xun . ''
1832 & ndash ; Wilhelm Wundt , German psychologist -LRB- d. 1920 -RRB-
After the war , Vonnegut attended the University of Chicago as a graduate student in anthropology and also worked at the City News Bureau of Chicago .
There are two types : '' Hashimoto 's Thyroiditis '' and '' Postpartum Thyroiditis '' .
Although he comes from seven generations of bassists , he was not encouraged by them to go into music .
It is the sixth book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
There he had published two collections of verses : '' The Moth of Ashes '' -LRB- 1997 , Euterpe , Tel-Aviv -RRB- , '' The Draft of Centuries '' -LRB- 1998 , Euterpe , Tel-Aviv -RRB- .
Unlike other satellites of Pluto , its orbit is only nearly circular ; its eccentricity of 0.0052 is small , but significantly non-zero .
In both Oxford and Cambridge long poles tend to be used exclusively .
A duet with the players playing separate instruments is a piano duo .
The games were canceled due to the onset of World War II .
Some high and rugged passes may have tunnels bored underneath to allow faster traffic flow throughout the year .
Layne suggested that the blood flow be increased , and Cayce 's face supposedly became flushed with blood and his chest area and the throat turned bright red .
Hunt -LRB- 2003 -RRB- The Divine Light Mission was disbanded in the West in the early 1980s , succeeded by the organizations Elan Vital -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , and The Prem Rawat Foundation -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
Chafee was the only Republican to oppose Bush 's nomination of Samuel Alito to the United States Supreme Court .
On 18 July 2008 , it was reported that MakÃ lÃ lÃ was about to take a medical the following day in Paris ahead of a proposed move back to French football .
Scholastic -LRB- or Scholastic Inc. -RRB- is a global book publishing company known for publishing educational materials for schools , teachers , and parents , and selling and distributing them by mail order and via book clubs and book fairs .
La HerliÃ re is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Gabriel Pascal -LRB- 4 June 1894 -- 6 July 1954 -RRB- was a Hungarian film producer and director .
A Storm surge is an offshore rise of water associated with a low pressure weather system , typically a tropical cyclone .
She began acting at age five or six in a Little Caesars commercial , Brenda Song .
The aurochs originally ranged throughout Europe , North Africa , and much of Asia . In historical times its range became restricted to Europe , and the last known individual died in Masovia , Poland , in about 1627 .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
Counties are called earldoms in post-Celtic Britain , Ireland and France -- the term is from Old Norse jarl and was introduced by the Vikings -- but there is no correlation between counties and earldoms .
LigniÃ res-Org Ã res is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Comparing SOS -LRB- di-di-di-dah-dah-dah-di-di-dit -RRB- with the older CQD -LRB- dah-di-dah-dit dah-dah-di-dah dah-di-dit -RRB- -LRB- -- · -- · / -- -- · -- / -- · · -RRB- it is obvious how much simpler the new code was .
Hamilton 's father bought him a radio-controlled car in 1991 , which gave him his first taste of racing competition .
Baltix Ubuntu based distribution for Lithuanian and Latvian people .
By that time the ideas were widespread in progressive social circles , one proponent being the novelist Harriet Martineau whose circle of acquaintances included Charles Darwin , and the ideas of Malthus were a significant influence on the inception of Darwin 's theory .
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford -LRB- born April 8 , 1918 -RRB- , better known as Betty Ford is the widow of former United States President Gerald R. Ford and served as the First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 .
A player started with $ 1,000 in betting money for the first two rows , and had to wager at least half the money on the Big Bet .
Landevieille is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The band Smash Mouth recorded a cover of the Sherman Brothers song , '' I Wan/Ona Be Like You '' -LRB- originally from the 1967 musical film -RRB- , which is featured on this film 's soundtrack .
A vector space is a mathematical structure formed by a collection of vectors : objects that may be added together and multiplied -LRB- '' scaled '' -RRB- by numbers , called scalars in this context .
Dermatitis is inflammation of the skin -LRB- i.e. rash -RRB- .
The twenty players for Palau began the game by rowing a boat to shore , with the first player of each gender to reach shore to win immunity .
In other less formal contexts , an alcohol is often called with the name of the corresponding alkyl group followed by the word '' alcohol '' , e.g. methyl alcohol , ethyl alcohol .
School organizations Student Union The Student Union was established in November 1994 .
Paissy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Leigh 's American theatrical agent was the London representative of the Myron Selznick Agency -LRB- Myron was David 's brother -RRB- .
In the year 1932 , Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich got married to Petrachuk Olga Alekseevna , Ukraine â '' Pols panna , daughter of merchant .
In 1960 Solti signed a three-year contract -LRB- effective in 1962 -RRB- to be music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic , having guest conducted the orchestra in winter concerts in downtown Los Angeles , during the summer at the Hollywood Bowl , and in other Southern California concerts .
As risk of brain damage and developmental delay is significant at that threshold even if the infant survives , there are ethical controversies over the aggressiveness of the care rendered to such infants .
Overijssel comprises three regions : Kop van Overijssel in the northwest , Salland in the centre of the province , and Twente in the east .
Several pieces of light music are used on BBC Radio 4 to the present day , with Eric Coates 's '' By the Sleepy Lagoon '' being the theme of Desert Island Discs , Arthur Wood 's '' Barwick Green '' the theme of The Archers and Ronald Binge 's '' Sailing By '' preceding the late-night shipping forecast .
1968 & ndash ; Vietnam War : The United States Department of Defense announces that the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps will send about 24,000 soldiers and Marines back to Vietnam for involuntary second tours of duty in the combat zone there .
ISBN 2-9514567-2-7 Further reading Alexander , Martin .
A displacement is the shortest distance from the initial and final positions of a point P. Thus , it is the length of an imaginary straight path , typically distinct from the path actually traveled by P/O. A displacement vector represents the length and direction of that imaginary straight path .
First-run syndication refers to programming that is broadcast for the first time as a syndicated show -LRB- not any one particular network -RRB- , or at least first so offered in a given country -LRB- programs originally created and broadcast outside of the United States , first presented on a network in their country of origin , have often been syndicated in the U.S. and in some other countries -RRB- ;
The former peaked at # 9 on Billboards Top Tracks chart and has remained a staple of pop , hard rock and classic rock radio for more than 25 years .
There are three symbols for NAND gates : the ` distinctive ' -LRB- MIL\/ANSI -RRB- symbol and the ` rectangular ' IEC symbol , as well as a deprecated DIN symbol sometimes found on old schematics .
The fourth and final feature are the Marrah Mountains , volcanic plugs created by a massif , that rise up to a peak at Deriba crater where there is a small area of temperate climate , high rainfall and permanent springs of water .
As a child he moved to Southern California with his mother and grew up in the Sylmar area of the San Fernando Valley .
1509 & ndash ; Étienne Dolet , French scholar -LRB- d. 1546 -RRB-
In 2012 , the St. Pete Times Forum will play host to the NCAA Hockey Frozen Four championship finals ; this will be the first time the '' Frozen Four '' will be held outside the northern US since 1999 , when the University of Alaska Anchorage hosted the event at the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim , now the Honda Center , in Anaheim , California .
More recently , ant classifications now recognize an additional New World subfamily , Leptanilloidinae , which also consists of obligate legionary species , and thus is another group now included among the army ants .
Cartridge -LRB- firearms -RRB- , a round of ammunition
Hibernian Football Club are a Scottish professional football club based in Leith , in the north of Edinburgh .
Music in Theory and Practice , Vol 1 , p. 6 .
Parkes today With the presence of the nearby Parkes Observatory , Parkes has had an important role in the scientific community .
Wanderley Luxemburgo da Silva -LRB- born May 10 , 1952 , in Nova Iguaçu , Rio de Janeiro state -RRB- , better known as Vanderlei Luxemburgo , is a Brazilian football manager and former football player .
December 25 -- Baldwin I becomes King of Jerusalem .
On 26 November 2006 , it became the UK 's best-selling album of 2006 , selling over 1.5 million copies at the end of the year , with a cumulative total of 1.8 million .
100 % power Frieza is also able to attain 100 % power , Dragon Ball Z manga , volume 11 , chapter 127 his muscle mass becoming engorged compared to his previously sleek frame .
IsmaÃ '' l Bangoura -LRB- born 2 January 1985 in Conakry -RRB- is a Guinean football striker who currently plays for Al-Nasr SC and the Guinea national team .
On a Saturday her young beau Called to see if she 'd like to go To see a show , but Miss Kate said '' No , I 'll tell you what you can do : ''
Bernina is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Remember that you too were once a newcomer .
Computer programs may be categorized along functional lines : system software and application software .
If one looks at a galaxy , a star is a microscopic entity , even if it is many , many orders of magnitude larger than us .
Since 1818 , a particular chestnut tree has been used as the official '' herald of the spring '' in Geneva .
Roger Penrose , The Road to Reality ISBN 0-679-45443-8 Hawking refers to himself as an '' unashamed reductionist '' and takes issue with Penrose 's views .
Following the outbreak of World War I in 1914 , the German army opened the Western Front by first invading Luxembourg and Belgium , then gaining military control of important industrial regions in France .
Early copies on compact disc were also numbered .
Section 2 of the Australian Constitution provides that a Governor-General shall represent the Queen in Australia .
Physical characteristics Eugenia is a large asteroid , with a diameter of 214 km .
The rainiest month is April , though the island experiences year-round rainfall .
New Orleans blues is a combination of dixieland music and rhythms derived from Caribbean music , typically performed on piano or a horn instrument .
is a mountain to the northeast of Kyoto , lying on the border between the Kyoto and Shiga prefectures , Japan .
Starting in 2007 , the league advertised '' 100 % Fuel Grade Ethanol '' , the first competitive series to utilize renewable fuel .
Other station facilities may include : toilets , left-luggage , lost-and-found , departures and arrivals boards , luggage carts , waiting rooms , taxi ranks and bus bays .
The storm gradually gained tropical characteristics and was briefly a subtropical storm on November 22 .
Vinnie also released a collector 's CD in 2001 entitled Speedball Jamm which consisted of his own private recordings of the VINNIE VINCENT INVASION jamm sessions recorded during rehearsals in 1986 which included moments of just Vinnie soloing alone .
Despite the convention of maiden speeches being non-controversial , Livingstone alleged that Holroyd had been mistreated when he tried to expose MI5 collusion with Ulster loyalist paramilitaries in the 1970s and the part Captain Robert Nairac is alleged to have played .
Vamana -LRB- Devanagari : , IAST : V mana -RRB- is described in the Puranic texts of Hinduism as the Fifth Avatara of Vishnu , and the first incarnation of the Second Age , or the Treta yuga .
The game sold well in territories , was ranked on best-selling lists , and , as of March 2008 , has sold 6.12 million copies worldwide .
The GDP dollar estimates given on this page are derived from purchasing power parity -LRB- PPP -RRB- calculations .
After local dockworkers had refused to unload ammunition supplies throughout the Polish-Soviet War in 1920 , the Westerplatte peninsula -LRB- until then a city beach -RRB- , was also given to Poland to built up an ammunition dump and a military post within the city 's harbor .
Stone Temple Pilots , often abbreviated to STP , are an American rock band that consists of Scott Weiland -LRB- lead vocals -RRB- , brothers Robert DeLeo -LRB- bass guitar , vocals -RRB- and Dean DeLeo -LRB- guitar -RRB- , and Eric Kretz -LRB- drums , percussion -RRB- .
For clarity and simplicitly , G-sharp major is usually notated as its enharmonic equivalent of A-flat major ; however , it does appear as a secondary key area in several works in sharp keys - most notably in the Prelude and Fugue in C sharp major from Bach 's Well-Tempered Klavier , Book 1 .
It is easily recognized by its large , distinctive black patches around the eyes , over the ears , and across its round body .
A Tobin tax , suggested by Nobel Laureate economist James Tobin , was originally defined as a tax on all spot conversions of one currency into another .
In 1986 , Butcher left Ipswich when they were relegated , and became one of the first ` English invasion ' players to join Scottish club Rangers following the appointment of Graeme Souness as manager .
For the late 20th-century event , sometimes also referred to as Philippine Revolution , see People Power Revolution .
The couple married at Blenheim Palace on 15 June 2007 .
King William IV -LRB- United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland -RRB-
Their mother , Joan , is a teacher and noted author of children 's books , and father , James Graham , a retired FBI agent .
Jared Mason Diamond -LRB- born 10 September 1937 -RRB- is an American scientist and nonfiction author whose work draws from a variety of fields .
Instant messaging -LRB- IM -RRB- is a form of real-time communication between two or more people based on typed text .
Formed in 1992 , the New York band consists of Matthew Caws -LRB- guitar , vocals -RRB- , Ira Elliot -LRB- drums , backup vocals -RRB- and Daniel Lorca -LRB- bass , backup vocals -RRB- .
Things like taking a shower , eating a meal -LRB- called breakfast , because you break the fast of the night -RRB- and getting dressed .
The Gaelic word machair or machar refers to a fertile low-lying grassy plain found on some of the north-west coastlines of Ireland and Scotland , in particular the Outer Hebrides .
The recent rapid increase in human population over the past two centuries has raised concerns that humans are beginning to overpopulate the Earth , and that the planet may not be able to sustain present or larger numbers of inhabitants .
'' Faith in school : as mainstream churches continue to wrestle with homosexuality , some religious colleges are taking an increasingly welcoming attitude toward gay students , '' , The Advocate Sept 2 , 2003Baer , Hans A. '' Black Mainstream Churches ; Emancipatory or Accommodative Responses to Racism and Social Stratification in American Society ? ''
Nogent-l ` Artaud is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Soluble barium compounds are poisonous due to release of the soluble barium ion , and have been used as rodenticides . New uses for barium continue to be sought .
Animal Collective is a neo-psychedelic band originally from Baltimore , Maryland , currently based in New York City .
In modern times , Selene is the root of selenology , the study of the geology of the Moon , and the chemical element selenium .
Panettiere reached a wider audience with her starring role as cheerleader Claire Bennet on the NBC television series Heroes .
The draft became a very real factor in the lives of students in America .
Azua -LRB- -RRB- is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Oekingen is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The series premiered on August 26 , 1996 , on the WB , the first time that the network aired Monday night programming , and was originally broadcast from August 26 , 1996 to May 13 , 2007 .
Neuendorf is a municipality in the district of Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The loop includes the city 's two largest -LRB- both above-ground -RRB- stations : Flinders Street and Southern Cross -LRB- formerly Spencer Street -RRB- ; and three underground stations : Flagstaff , Melbourne Central -LRB- formerly Museum -RRB- and Parliament .
South African Kaizer Chiefs fan Freddie '' Saddam '' Maake claimed the invention of the vuvuzela by fabricating an aluminium version in 1965 from a bicycle horn and has photographic evidence of himself holding the aluminium vuvuzela in the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s .
Planetary Astronomy examines the assemblage of planets , moons , dwarf planets , comets , asteroids , and other bodies orbiting the Sun , as well as extrasolar planets .
The city centre lies at the end of a valley , on both sides of the Drammenselva river , and where the river meets the Drammensfjord .
James William '' Jim '' Ross -LRB- born January 3 , 1952 -RRB- nicknamed '' Good Ol' J.R. '' , is a professional wrestling commentator , former professional wrestling referee , restaurateur , and former company executive of World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Who in 1990 .
He opposed the Gulf War in 1991 .
It is one of the few applications that is able to create RAR archives natively , because the encoding method is held to be proprietary .
An in-circuit debugger -LRB- ICD -RRB- , a hardware device that connects to the microprocessor via a JTAG or NEXUS interface .
The Free State of Thuringia -LRB- , -RRB- is a state of Germany , located in the central part of the country .
When the Archean began , the Earth 's heat flow was nearly three times higher than it is today , and it was still twice the current level at the transition from the Archean to the Proterozoic -LRB- 2,500 -RRB- .
Hopkinton is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
The Travelcard is an inter-modal travel ticket for unlimited use on the London Underground , London Overground , Docklands Light Railway , Tramlink , London Buses and National Rail services in the Greater London area .
Malmedy is a municipality of Belgium .
The British saw to that that Chinnamalai name did not become household name by banning books or any literature on Chinnamalai for a long period of time fearing their repuation among the people .
In 1999 , Telus Corporation was created by the merger of Telus -LRB- Alberta -RRB- and BCTel with the new entity retaining the Telus name .
Christopher Stephen '' Chris '' Grayling -LRB- born 1 April 1962 -RRB- is a British politician .
Bordering the Mediterranean Sea to the north , Libya lies between Egypt to the east , Sudan to the southeast , Chad and Niger to the south , and Algeria and Tunisia to the west .
Manchester United Football Club is an English professional football club , based in Old Trafford , Greater Manchester , that plays in the Premier League .
The administrative subdivisions called upazilas are :
The regional capital is Arbil , known in Kurdish as HewlÃ r .
Introduction As with the Gothic architecture of other parts of Europe , English Gothic is defined by its pointed arches , vaulted roofs , buttresses , large windows , and spires .
Without such damping , fatigue cracking near the rear main bearing journal may occur , leading to engine failure .
William Pitt the Younger -LRB- 28 May 1759 â '' 23 January 1806 -RRB- was a British politician of the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
Sadr-e-Mumlikat -RRB- is the head of state of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 superhero film written and directed by Sam Raimi , with a screenplay by Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent .
The Futureheads are a four-piece English , Post-punk band from Sunderland .
1861 & ndash ; Frederic Remington , American painter -LRB- d. 1909 -RRB-
Bergman , Julie Guitar Queen of Heart , cover story , Acoustic Guitar , September 1999 , No. 81 .
It is the largest city in a nine-county area .
It was first produced by Rudolph Benkerts in 1867 in his cellar from pasteurized goat 's milk .
Lesser Sunda Islands
This region was extended to the north , up to the west side of Trabzon Province to provide the Democratic Republic of Armenia with an outlet to the Black Sea at the port of Trabzon .
Themes of humanity struggling with technology are apparent on several tracks and Byrne has characterized the '' overall vibe '' of the album as '' We 're going to get through this .
Olbia-Tempio -LRB- , -RRB- is the name of a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia , Italy .
Î 1\/4 Î Î Ï Î '' Î Î Ï Î Ï Î Ï Î Î Ï Î Ï Î Î Î Ï -RRB- and the Court of Auditors -LRB- Î Î '' Î Î Î Ï Î Î Ï Î # Ï
West Edmonton Mall covers a gross area of about 570,000 m2 -LRB- well over 6 million sq ft -RRB- .
These are sometimes said to be or to symbolise the four Vedas .
'' God Defend New Zealand '' was written as a poem in the 1870s by Irish-born , Victorian-raised immigrant Thomas Bracken of Dunedin , a freemason .
The oxidizers can be boron -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , silicon -LRB- IV -RRB- oxide , chromium -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , manganese -LRB- IV -RRB- oxide , iron -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , iron -LRB- II , III -RRB- oxide , copper -LRB- II -RRB- oxide , and lead -LRB- II , III , IV -RRB- oxide and others .
He held the title Commander of the Faithful of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , which was officially recognized by Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .
The unicameral parliament of Scotland is first found on record during the early thirteenth century , with the first meeting for which a primary source survives -LRB- referred to , like the contemporaneous Parliament of England , as a colloquium in the surviving Latin records -RRB- at Kirkliston -LRB- a small town now on the outskirts of Edinburgh -RRB- in 1235 , during the reign of Alexander II of Scotland .
Paul Albert Anka , OC -LRB- born July 30 , 1941 in Ottawa , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian singer , songwriter , and actor of Lebanese and Syrian origin .
Aircraft carriers An aircraft carrier is a warship that functions as a floating airport for military aircraft .
A member is a person who belongs to a group of people or a group such as a company or nation who belongs to another group like an alliance or consortium .
Molten sodium hydroxide is also a strong base , but the high temperature required limits applications .
It was , under the Mexica culture , the farthest region of trade , providing jaguar pelts , cacao , and quetzal feathers for the ruling classes in the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan .
Christian IV -LRB- 12 April 1577 -- 28 February 1648 -RRB- was the king of Denmark-Norway from 1588 until his death .
The joint between the tibia and fibula above and the tarsus below is referred to as the ankle joint .
He is voiced by series co-creator Matt Stone and loosely based on co-producer Eric Stough .
Cobalt -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , Co2O3 , is a black substance that could be obtained by adding cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- nitrate to an aqueous solution of sodium hypochlorite -LRB- also known as bleach -RRB- .
The Imperial lemon is thought to be a lemon Ã -- grapefruit hybrid .
Leti is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 32 ° 55 ' 0N 72 ° 4 ' 0E .
http://www.egmnow.com/ The first new print issue of EGM , boasting the magazine 's original logo and a dual Ryu\/Ken cover highlighting '' The Street Fighter Legacy '' appeared in April , 2010 .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross -LRB- German language : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes , often simply Ritterkreuz -RRB- was a grade of the 1939 version of the 1813 created Iron Cross -LRB- Eisernes Kreuz -RRB- .
The lay of a wire rope describes the manner in which either the wires in a strand , or the strands in the rope , are laid in a helix .
1887 & ndash ; Marcus Garvey , Jamaican-born Black rights activist -LRB- d. 1940 -RRB-
Raymell '' Ray '' Rice -LRB- born January 22 , 1987 in -RRB- is an American football running back for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
The total area is 42.48 km which gives a population density of 352 inhabitants per km .
Nebraska is a state located on the Great Plains of the Midwestern United States .
A reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on September 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern Gulf of Mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity .
A myth taken from the Greek Eos by Roman poets tells that one of her lovers was the prince of Troy , Tithonus . Tithonus was a mortal , and would age and die .
The 1998 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1998 , and lasted until November 30 , 1998 .
Slaves were brought to work the coconut plantation from Indonesia , the Cape of Good Hope and East Asia by Alexander Hare , who had taken part in Stamford Raffles ' takeover of Java in 1811 .
\* Eleanor de Montfort is captured by pirates in the employ of Edward I of England to prevent her marriage to Llywelyn the Last , prince of Wales ; she is used as a bargaining chip over the coming years in Edward 's attempts to subjugate Llywelyn and Wales .
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died , while a man whose spouse has died is a widower .
Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings , and the term is used especially for those dating to prehistoric times .
Of the 70-plus known works in the canon of Thomas Dekker , roughly 50 are collaborations ; in a single year , 1598 , Dekker worked on 16 collaborations for impresario Philip Henslowe , and earned # 30 , or a little under 12 shillings per week -- roughly twice as much as the average artisan 's income of 1s .
The time limit was no longer fixed , and the buzzer which ended questioning was instead at the discretion of the production staff .
CiarÃ n is the son of Lord Colum and the Lady Oonagh , he is half brother to Niamh 's mother .
Alternative dance
In terms of plot , Oblivion is not a direct sequel to The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind or any other game , though references place the plot several years after the events of Morrowind .
David Degen -LRB- born 15 February 1983 in HÃ lstein -RRB- is a Swiss footballer currently playing for BSC Young Boys , mostly as a right midfielder , in the Swiss Super League .
A confederation is an association of sovereign member states , that by treaty have delegated certain of their competences -LRB- or powers -RRB- to common institutions , in order to coordinate their policies in a number of areas , without constituting a new state on top of the member states .
In interviews following his departure from Audioslave in February 2007 , Cornell reiterated that the members of Soundgarden had no interest in reuniting , Harris , Chris .
Zeami was educated by his father , Kan ` ami , who was also an actor .
Ponzi 's original scheme was based on the arbitrage of international reply coupons for postage stamps ; however , he soon diverted investors ' money to support payments to earlier investors and himself .
During the Middle Ages , Aalborg prospered and became one of the largest cities in Denmark .
Claas Jaguar is a self propelled forage harvester that is built by German farm machinery company Claas and is powered by a DaimlerChrysler diesel engine .
Gucci is also the biggest-selling Italian brand .
Remastersys is a free and open source script for Debian , Ubuntu-based , or derivative software systems that can : Create a customized Live CD/DVD -LRB- a remaster -RRB- of Debian and its derivatives .
Sagan was among the first to hypothesize that Saturn 's moon Titan might possess oceans of liquid compounds on its surface and that Jupiter 's moon Europa might possess subsurface oceans of water . This would make Europa potentially habitable for life .
The first fiberglass Baja kit -LRB- bug eye kit -RRB- was not introduced until 1969 by the Miller-Havens company .
Bananas are most often eaten raw , while plantains tend to be cooked or otherwise processed , and are used either when green or unripe -LRB- and therefore starchy -RRB- or overripe -LRB- and therefore sweet -RRB- .
Giuseppe Baresi -LRB- born February 7 , 1958 in Travagliato , province of Brescia -RRB- is an Italian former footballer , who spent most of his career with Internazionale .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo .
Capian is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is still considered to be one of Morissette 's biggest hits , and also received great critical acclaim at the time of its release .
The show 's protagonist , the Doctor , has been played by ten actors over the history of the show so far .
Maidstone was the center of the agricultural county of Kent , known as the Garden of England .
Bengt Ankarloo and Stuart Clark , 3-90 .
composer .
Ptolemy XV , sometimes referred to as '' Ptolemy Caesar '' , most commonly known by his nickname Caesarion , was born in Egypt in 47 BC .
Wolfgang Weber -LRB- born 26 June 1944 -RRB- was a footballer best remembered for scoring the last-minute equaliser for West Germany in the 1966 World Cup final .
Geography The Spree river runs through the district ; along its banks there is the Spreewald , a wooded area and habitat of several rare animals .
The aim was to establish the province as a center of civilisation for free immigrants , promising civil liberties and religious tolerance .
A business alliance is an agreement between businesses , usually motivated by cost reduction and improved service for the customer .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Júbilo Iwata .
During 1874 , he was admitted to the Académie française and in 1894 he was awarded the Légion d'honneur .
Dutch pair won this event , after won 6 â '' 0 , 6 â '' 0 , against Nicolas Peifer and Jon Rydberg in the final .
Villaines-sous-Lucé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Writing career Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an independent study in English .
French , the fourth most-common language , is spoken mainly by the native French , Cajun , Haitian , or French-Canadian populations .
There is , at present , no official system of promotion and relegation between any of the three leagues .
A bruise is usually caused by blunt impact .
As of January 2006 , 16 of their singles and 8 albums have reached the # 1 spot on the Finnish charts .
Lucy Maud Montgomery , who was born in Clifton -LRB- now New London -RRB- in 1874 , wrote some 20 novels and numerous collections and anthologies . Her first Anne book Anne of Green Gables was published in 1908 .
Years later , she would reflect fondly about the time that she spent with Lower , whom she affectionately called '' Aunt Ana '' .
The variant referred to as A. styx medusa occurs throughout eastern continental Asia , from northeastern China -LRB- to where it is a migrant -RRB- and Japan , south through eastern China and Vietnam to Peninsular Malaysia and peninsular Thailand .
7 new boroughs created from the remaining added areas , each named after the largest village in the area at the time : Pankow , Reinickendorf , Steglitz , Tempelhof , Treptow , Weißensee and Zehlendorf
Blizzard Of Ozz is one of very few albums to achieve such certification without the benefit of a Top 40 single .
Usually , the traction motor is three-point suspended between the bogie frame and the driven axle ; this is referred to as a '' nose-suspended traction motor '' .
The film was released by Paramount Pictures on June 20 , 2008 and on August 1 in the United Kingdom .
Fontaine - Étoupefour is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Perm Krai , a federal subject of Russia
The coaching stock was extremely solidly constructed , and offered levels of accommodation far in advance of anything else at the time - certainly compared to any other narrow gauge railway .
His apparent weakness , however , had the side effect of spurring the ambitions of Gregory VII , a reformist monk elected as pontiff in 1073 , for Papal hegemony .
The Pierhead Building is a Grade 1 listed building of the National Assembly for Wales in Cardiff Bay , Wales .
It is used between 8 and 12 times per year and protects the homes of approximately 10,000 people from flooding .
The group identifier is a 1 to 5 digit number . The single digit group identifiers are : 0 or 1 for English-speaking countries ; 2 for French-speaking countries ; 3 for German-speaking countries ; 4 for Japan ; 5 for Russian-speaking countries , 7 for People 's Republic of China .
Chávez was elected President in 1998 with a campaign centering on promises of aiding Venezuela 's poor majority , and was reelected in 2000 and in 2006 .
A particular favorite of many is the traditional Scottish Christmas cake , the Whisky Dundee .
Radio waves are oscillations of electric and magnetic fields .
The White House National Security Council -LRB- NSC -RRB- in the United States is the principal forum used by the President of the United States for considering national security and foreign policy matters with his senior national security advisors and Cabinet officials and is part of the Executive Office of the President of the United States .
In 1992 , he became a prime minister , under Syria 's watchful and military occupation of Lebanon , he put the country back on the financial map through the issuing of Eurobonds and won plaudits from the World Bank for his plan to borrow reconstruction money as the country 's debt grew to become the largest per capita in the world .
The first mention of this metropolis is found in the ancient Egyptian Tell el Amarna letters , dating to the 15th century BC , and the city has been continuously inhabited since .
The present minister is Kristina Schröder of the CDU .
He was still a student when his family moved from Paris to Chambéry , but Jules returned to Paris after a few months , living with a married member of his father 's family by his first wife .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on May 4 , 2005 from observations taken between December 12 , 2004 and March 8 , 2005 .
He finished this work in 1260 and signed with '' Nicola Pisanus '' .
In each double chromosome there are two copies of that chromosome 's DNA molecule .
With his wife , Mary Matalin - a Republican - and writer Peter Knobler , Carville co-wrote All 's Fair : Love , War and Running for President , published in 1995 .
The Homo genus -LRB- humans , appear about 2.4 million years ago with Homo habilis -RRB- appear to be descended from australopithecine ancestors , more precisely from Kenyanthropus platyops branching off Australopithecus some 3.5 million years ago .
Hiroki Nakayama is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kyoto Sanga F.C. .
Cyclone Tracy -LRB- -RRB- was a tropical cyclone that devastated the city of Darwin , Northern Territory , Australia , from Christmas Eve to Christmas Day , 1974 .
Saal , A.L. , Rudnick R.L. , Ravizza G.E. & Hart S.R. , 1998 .
Kornberg was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2006 for his studies of the process by which genetic information from DNA is copied to RNA , '' the molecular basis of eukaryotic transcription . ''
In 1990 it moved again to its current site at Bishan in central Singapore .
Since the Vietnam War , the M16 rifle family has been the primary infantry rifle of the U.S. military .
The person tasked to found the institution was Dr. David Sutherland Hibbard , a man from Lyndon , Kansas who , after serving as a pastor in a Presbyterian church in that locality , offered his services to the Presbyterian Board as missionary .
File : Opel Vectra C Caravan 1.9 CDTI Facelift rear .
He is also a member of the Fellowship of the Society of St John the Evangelist and broadly identifies himself as being in Anglo-Catholic tradition .
Deomyinae is the older name and therefore has priority over Acomyinae .
Like all huntsman spiders , the legs of the giant huntsman spider are long compared to the body , and twist forward in a crab-like fashion .
The victorious wartime Allied powers -LRB- principally the USA , USSR , UK , France and Canada -RRB- negotiated the details of treaties with Italy , Romania , Hungary , Bulgaria , and Finland -LRB- see the List of countries involved in World War II -RRB- .
Verdilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Department of Computer Science
TBS and Fox Networks used alternate dialogue in which the character 's sexually explicit name is changed to Alotta Cleavaga , although Recent TBS rebroadcasts have restored the original dialogue .
College student '' Columbus '' -LRB- Jesse Eisenberg -RRB- is on his way to Columbus , Ohio to see if his parents are still alive .
The two major industries on Maui are agriculture and tourism .
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa , better known as Alex -LRB- ; born 17 June 1982 in NiterÃ i -RRB- , is a Brazilian professional football player .
In organic and inorganic chemistry , nucleophilic substitution is a fundamental class of substitution reaction in which an '' electron rich '' nucleophile selectively bonds with or attacks the positive or partially positive charge of an atom attached to a group or atom called the leaving group ; the positive or partially positive atom is referred to as an electrophile .
Caenorhabditis elegans is a free-living , transparent nematode -LRB- roundworm -RRB- , about 1 mm in length , which lives in temperate soil environments .
2001 & ndash ; Gyanendra , the last King of Nepal , ascends to the throne after the massacre in the Royal Palace .
Selection quickly acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armor ; their original cones are homologous to the tips of the plates of modern chitons .
Many of the New Testament teachings of Jesus refer to the book of Isaiah .
The stage role of Peter Pan , for example , is traditionally played by a woman , as are most principal boys in British pantomime .
Afterwards large parts belonged to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , a small portion to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz -LRB- see Mecklenburg -RRB- .
Football is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end .
The Rudd Labor government was elected in November 2007 and is opposed to nuclear power for Australia .
In actuality , silt is chemically distinct from clay , and unlike clay , grains of silt are approximately the same size in all dimensions ; furthermore , their size ranges overlap .
1806 & ndash ; Jane Pierce , First Lady of the United States -LRB- d. 1863 -RRB-
ISBN 90-04-10404-6 Films Cities of Light : The Rise and Fall of Islamic Spain -LRB- Unity Productions Foundation documentary -RRB- External links Paper by Georg Bossong evaluating proposals for the etymology of '' al-Andalus '' .
The Station-to-Station -LRB- STS -RRB- protocol is a cryptographic key agreement scheme based on classic Diffie-Hellman that provides mutual key and entity authentication .
Micheline Calmy-Rey -LRB- SP/PS -RRB- , elected in 2003 and Doris Leuthard -LRB- CVP/PDC -RRB- , elected in 2006 , are in office as of 2009 .
It consists of two equally important components : a network of sensors to detect tsunamis and a communications infrastructure to issue timely alarms to permit evacuation of coastal areas .
Lorenz died on February 27 , 1989 , in Altenberg .
The Hound of the Baskervilles is a crime novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle featuring the detective Sherlock Holmes .
It is the capital of Loreto Region and Maynas Province .
The energy source harnessed to turn the generator varies widely .
It is the sixth book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
The Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica , which is Latin for '' mathematical principles of natural philosophy '' , often Principia or Principia Mathematica for short , is a three-volume work by Isaac Newton first published on 5 July 1687 .
A yukata is a Japanese garment , a casual summer kimono usually made of cotton .
It weakened to a depression and made landfall near San Salvador on June 7 and dissipated shortly thereafter .
Subdivisions and other units Decimal Since decimalisation in 1971 , the pound has been divided into 100 pence -LRB- until 1981 described on the coinage as '' new pence '' -RRB- .
The occupants of Swadlincote often shorten its name to simply ` Swad ' .
Each of the last three parts was completed by a separate working group , and each has a Summary for Policymakers -LRB- SPM -RRB- that represents a consensus of national representatives .
Another of that year 's highlights was a podium finish on his début at the Macau Grand Prix with Hitech .
'' A n objective account is one which attempts to capture the nature of the object studied in a way that does not depend on any features of the particular subject who studies it .
The mainland section consists of Burma , Cambodia , Laos , Thailand , Vietnam and Peninsular Malaysia while the maritime section consists of Brunei , East Malaysia , East Timor , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Singapore .
The local football side is Glastonbury Town F.C. .
Pepper contains small amounts of safrole , a mildly carcinogenic compound .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- -LRB- known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE -RRB- and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
The city flourished as a center of commerce between east and west , and became a multinational hub of finance and business by the 1930s .
Its population was about 69,000 as of July 2006 .
All fish that are electrogenic are also electroreceptive .
U.S. officials attempted to maintain a conciliatory line with Iraq , indicating that while George H. W. Bush and James Baker did not want force used , they would not take any position on the Iraqâ '' Kuwait boundary dispute and did not want to become involved .
The varying corpus denoted Aesopica or Aesop 's Fables includes most of the best-known western fables , which are attributed to the legendary Aesop , supposed to have been a slave in ancient Greece around 550 BCE .
Under the terms of an agreement reached between the Sri Lankan and Indian governments in the 1960s , about 40 percent of the Indian Tamils were granted Sri Lankan citizenship , and many of the remainder were repatriated to India .
Joachim '' Jogi '' Löw -LRB- ; born 3 February 1960 in Schönau im Schwarzwald -RRB- is the coach of the German national football team and a former football midfielder .
The Alaska Legislature adopted Benson 's design as the official flag for the Territory of Alaska on May 2 , 1927 .
Emilie de Ravin reprises her role as Claire Littleton , a new mother who was absent for one season after disappearing on the Island .
Lovin ' Every Minute of It , the band 's fourth album and the first not produced by Fairbairn -LRB- it was produced by Tom Allom , best known for producing Judas Priest -RRB- was released in 1985 , with the title single written by Mutt Lange and '' This Could Be The Night '' co-written by Journey 's Jonathan Cain becoming their first U.S. Billboard top 10 hits respectively .
However , that very openness sometimes attracts people who seek to exploit the site as a platform for pushing a single point of view , original research , or self-promotion .
Sarras is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Wehrmacht -LRB- Defence Force -RRB- was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
Bossancourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
-LRB- This man was his father , Laius , not that anyone apart from the gods knew this at the time -RRB- .
Can be fickle , arrogant , childish , anxious , rude , gullible , stubborn .
On the other hand , a study by the International Agency for Research on Cancer showed a limited correlation between oral cancer and the drinking of hot maté -LRB- no data were collected on drinkers of cold maté -RRB- .
From that early start , Balukas completely dominated women 's professional pool during the 1970s and 1980s .
Guitar Piano Harmonica Double Bass Drums Saxophone Vocals Trumpet Trombone
December 17 & ndash ; The Shimabara Rebellion erupts in Japan .
These are the dugong -LRB- 1 species -RRB- and manatees -LRB- 3 species -RRB- .
Before the fire it had grown to be the largest palace in Europe , with over 1,500 rooms , overtaking the Vatican and Versailles .
For the next three centuries Spain was the most important colonial power in the world .
Following the President 's inaction , the shuttle story is leaked to a White House reporter , Greg Brock -LRB- analogous to Judith Miller -RRB- , who prints the story in The New York Times .
The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution ; the highest diversity is found in the temperate Northern Hemisphere , but many species also occur in South America and Africa , including at high altitudes on mountains in the tropics .
County Road A1A is a county road in four counties in the U.S state of Florida . The route is discontinuous and functions as a spur of State Road A1A .
In classical electromagnetism , the electric potential -LRB- denoted by , E or V ; also called the electrostatic potential -RRB- at a point in space is electrical potential energy divided by charge that is associated with a static -LRB- time-invariant -RRB- electric field .
The theater was inaugurated on 3 August 1778 and was originally known as the New Royal-Ducal Theatre at La Scala -LRB- -RRB- .
In 1901 Mount Carmel Cemetery was consecrated .
Ge or He -LRB- , , italics : , -RRB- is the fourth letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing or in different languages .
It was founded in 1922 in Switzerland by a group of mainly Lutheran theologians and ministers led by Friedrich Rittelmeyer , inspired by Rudolf Steiner , the Austrian philosopher and founder of anthroposophy .
The seat of the district is the town of Cossonay .
The county has also produced other literary figures such as George Eliot -LRB- from Nuneaton -RRB- , Rupert Brooke -LRB- from Rugby -RRB- , and Michael Drayton from Hartshill .
Dailymotion is a video sharing service website , headquartered in the 18th arrondissement , Paris , France . According to Comscore , Dailymotion is the largest video site in the world after YouTube .
The group decided upon Horse .
The enormous pressure produced by the height of the dammed water finally breaks the ice barrier holding it back , in a spectacular rupture event .
Magny-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
ApeXtreme -LRB- pronounced ` Ape Extreme ' -RRB- is a video game console created by Apex Digital .
Back at camp , Ian and Tom speculated that while they were gone for the Reward , the women may have made an alliance .
He proceeded to score in Celtic 's 1 â '' 0 UEFA Champions League win against Copenhagen from the penalty spot and netted two in the 3 â '' 0 win over Benfica .
Although the cafÃ s are owned and operated by Barnes & Noble , servers follow Starbucks ' standards in beverage preparation ; the prominent Starbucks logo is sometimes confusing for customers wanting to use Starbucks stored-value cards or the Starbucks Gold Card , which are not accepted -LRB- the Barnes & Noble Membership is accepted to receive a discount on any Cafe related good -RRB- .
Though monumental architecture at the site dates back as far as the 4th century BC , Tikal reached its apogee during the Classic Period , ca .
After discovering that the Bane , creators of a soft drink called Bubble Shock !
The 4th Alabama Infantry Regiment , led by Col. Egbert J. Jones of Huntsville , distinguished itself at the Battle of Manassas\/Bull Run , the first major encounter of the American Civil War .
Entry to the Bundesliga At the time of the formation of the Bundesliga in 1963 , Hertha was Berlin 's reigning champion and so became an inaugural member of the new professional national league .
They later adopted four children from The Cradle in Evanston , Illinois : Eleanora , Linda , Kelly and Anthony -LRB- d. 2004 -RRB- .
Telebikun Magazine , August 2009 GacktJob GacktJob is Gackt 's live support band .
Krusty is emotionally upset and Bart and Lisa decide to try to reunite Krusty with his long-estranged father .
Clarence House is a royal home in London , situated on The Mall .
After Prussia was dissolved by the Allied powers in 1947 , the area was divided between the German states -LRB- LÃ nder -RRB- of Brandenburg , Mecklenburg , Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt und Thuringia .
1756 & ndash ; Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , Austrian composer -LRB- d. 1791 -RRB-
In 2007 , she played her first starring role as well as her first theatrical role , in the theatrical motion picture ' as Meredith Baxter Dimly , the film 's primary antagonist .
'' God Knows I 'm Good '' , Bowie 's observational tale of a shoplifter 's plight , also recalled his earlier style .
Finished goods are goods that have completed the manufacturing process but have not yet been sold or distributed to the end user .
Manfredini currently plays for Italian Serie A side Lazio .
Applications Analysis of differential equations Fourier transforms , and the closely related Laplace transforms are widely used in solving differential equations .
Villenave-de-Rions is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road -LRB- open desert , sand dunes and beaches -RRB- , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
Brienne-la-Vieille is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Caliban are a five-piece metalcore band from GermanyEncyclopaedia Metallum - Caliban .
Pan European Game Information -LRB- PEGI -RRB- is a European video game content rating system established to help European parents make informed decisions on buying computer games with logos on games boxes .
On January 7 , 2008 , WWE announced that all brands -LRB- Raw , SmackDown and formerly , ECW -RRB- would be broadcast in HD , codenamed '' WWE HD '' starting with Raw on January 21 .
Multi-wiki Books Using the extension it is currently impossible to create a collection of content from multiple different wikis .
On 16 July 2009 , the team announced that SÃ bastien Bourdais ' contract was to be terminated with immediate effect due to disappointing results .
MedlinePlus = 000527
The 44-minute program followed Tim Delaney and his team in bringing the book From the Earth to the Moon by Jules Verne to life .
Francesco Toldo -LRB- born December 2 , 1971 in Padua , Veneto -RRB- is an Italian football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Internazionale .
Two large seagoing steamers have sunk after hitting the Hyppolyte Rock off its east coast - the Tasman in 1883 and the Nord in 1915 .
The text comes from the opening cutscene of the 1991 European Sega Mega Drive version of the video game Zero Wing by Toaplan , which was poorly translated from Japanese .
Boogie-woogie is a style of piano-based blues that became very popular in the late 1930s and early 1940s , but originated much earlier , and was extended from piano , to three pianos at once , guitar , big band , and country and western music , and even gospel .
Square metres are not necessarily the same as meters squaredmathforum.org Miles Squared vs. Square Miles/PERSON. : an area 2 metres wide by 5 metres long would be 10 square metres , while 10 metres squared means an area of 10 metres by 10 metres .
Robert II -LRB- early 1316 19 April 1390 -RRB- became King of Scots in 1371 -- the first monarch of the House of Stewart .
The character name came from the host 's comment '' Who do you think you are -- Bill Nye the Science Guy ? '' and Nye was thereafter known as such on the program .
At the time , Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in the month of October , though it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season .
Craig is a first-class city in the Prince of Wales-Hyder Census Area in the Unorganized Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Kale is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,409 Mm in 685.324 days , at an inclination of 165 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 166 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.2011 .
La Plata is the capital city of the province of Buenos Aires , Argentina , as well as of the departament of La Plata .
David commits adultery with Bathsheba , the wife of Uriah the Hittite .
However , no third gamete is known in multicellular animals .
The plant cost Â # 35 million -LRB- 37 million euro , as of 23-12-2008 -RRB- and covers 77 hectares of land .
Step Brothers is a 2008 American slapstick buddy-comedy film directed by Adam McKay , produced by Judd Apatow and Jimmy Miller , and stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly , who originally teamed up in Talladega Nights -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
Winters are relatively mild .
It is possible that circumcision arose independently in different cultures for different reasons . The oldest documentary evidence for circumcision comes from ancient Egypt .
Team Europe won the competition by a score of 18 1/2 to 9 1/2 points , equalling their record winning margin of 2 years earlier .
Brodeur has won two Olympic gold medals with Team Canada in the 2002 and 2010 Winter Olympic Games , as well as several other medals with the team in other international competitions .
Kazuki Kuranuki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
After this however , Mike Terrana left Rage voluntarily after a disagreement where he allegedly spat at Peavy Wagner 's face .
Fabien Alain Barthez -LRB- born 28 June 1971 in Lavelanet -RRB- is a former French football goalkeeper who won honours with Manchester United and the French national team , with whom he won the 1998 FIFA World Cup and Euro 2000 and reached the final of the 2006 World Cup .
The province is divided into the following municipalities -LRB- municipios -RRB- and municipal districts -LRB- distrito municipal - D.M. -RRB- within them : The following is a sortable table of the municipalities and municipal districts with population figures from the 2002 census .
Jesse Carmichael -LRB- born Jesse Royal Carmichael , April 2 , 1979 , Boulder , Colorado , United States -RRB- is an American musician who is the keyboardist for Maroon 5 .
The main plot follows the life of an average lazy stoner teenager , Anton Tobias -LRB- portrayed by Sawa -RRB- , whose hand becomes possessed and goes on a killing spree , even after being cut off from his arm .
A few minutes later , at 10:11 a.m. CDT -LRB- 1511 UTC -RRB- , Robert Ricks , a meteorologist with the New Orleans\/Baton Rouge NWS office , issued the following statement : An equally-explicit bulletin was repeated at 4:13 p.m. CDT .
Crocodilian species - Gharial Ancestry The fossil history of the Gavialoidea is quite well known , with the earliest examples diverging from the other crocodilians in the late Cretaceous .
The icculus.org codebase would later be used in the Rancidmeat , and later , the xDuke projects .
Electric power is defined as the rate at which electrical energy is transferred by an electric circuit .
David Bowie -LRB- ; born David Robert Jones on 8 January 1947 -RRB- is an English musician , actor , record producer and arranger .
Its home base is the Musikverein .
Kevin Michael Richardson as Captain Gantu
After becoming united in the League , the Iroquois invaded the Ohio River Valley in present-day Kentucky to seek additional hunting grounds .
Construction of the Mary Rose is completed .
The capital , São Paulo , is also the largest city in South America .
The population was 42,610 at the 2000 census .
Boris Soloviev , the husband of Rasputin 's daughter Maria , defrauded prominent Russian families by asking for money for a Romanov impostor to escape to China .
The landslide victory came after the main opposition candidate , Cho Byeong-ok , died shortly before the March 15 elections .
In Hesiod 's Theogony , Nyx is born of Chaos ; her offspring are many , and telling .
Currently , Dallara provides the chassis to all teams and Honda is the sole engine provider , making the series essentially a '' spec '' series at present .
WWE reportedly suspended ten wrestlers named in the controversy , though Batista was not one of them .
The Black Death breaks out in Cairo .
The player must maneuver a character known as Pitfall Harry through a maze-like jungle in an attempt to recover 32 treasures in a 20-minute time period . Along the way , he must negotiate numerous hazards , including pits , quicksand , rolling logs , fire , rattlesnakes , scorpions , and crocodiles .
In the Nationwide Series , Hamlin scored three victories including Darlington , Michigan , and Dover in the # 20 Rockwell Automation Chevy .
The North American Free Trade Agreement or NAFTA -LRB- , -RRB- -LRB- -LSB- TLCAN -RSB- , -LSB- ALENA -RSB- -RRB- is an agreement signed by the governments of the United States , Canada , and Mexico creating a trilateral trade bloc in North America .
Elba is the official county seat of Coffee County , though Coffee County has two County Courthouses , with the other one being located in the town of Enterprise .
There are three very famous royal chapels and one chapel-like Abbey which show the style at its most elaborate - King 's College Chapel , Cambridge ; St George 's Chapel , Windsor ; Henry VII 's Chapel at Westminster Abbey and Bath Abbey .
Theo James Walcott -LRB- born 16 March 1989 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Arsenal and the England national team .
In 1840 Schools '' San Carlos '' and '' San Fernando '' , are assumed by the University of San Marcos .
One of the first real Ukrainian death masks was that of the poet Taras Shevchenko , taken by Peter Clodt von JÃ 1\/4 rgensburg in St. Petersburg , Russia .
Loupes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1742 he bought Marvels Mill at Northampton and converted this to a cotton mill , probably the first water-powered spinning mill in the world .
Virginia Beach became politically independent of Princess Anne County as an independent city in 1952 , although the numerous ties between Virginia Beach and Princess Anne remained .
pattern_la1 = pattern_b1 = _ redrightsash pattern_ra1 =
In 2006 , Dudamel was named Principal Conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony .
Sweden is today divided into 21 counties , and each county is further divided into municipalities .
The movement is named for the Abbey of Cluny in Burgundy , where it started within the Benedictine order .
Sometimes the stone columns of the nave were painted , and the panels in decorative wall arcading contained narratives or figures of saints .
The 19 counties constitute the highest level of the administrative subdivisions of the country together with the capital city Budapest , although counties and the capital are grouped into seven statistical regions .
Linkebeek -LRB- -RRB- is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
1975 & ndash ; Two FBI agents and a member of the American Indian Movement are killed in a shootout on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota ; Leonard Peltier is later convicted of the murders in a controversial trial .
Wotan is standing on a rocky mountainside with BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde , his Valkyrie daughter . He instructs BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde to protect Siegmund in his coming fight with Hunding .
A patent being an exclusionary right does not , however , necessarily give the owner of the patent the right to exploit the patent .
Jules Henri Poincaré -LRB- 29 April 1854 17 July 1912 -RRB- -LRB- -LSB- -RSB- Poincaré pronunciation example at Bartleby.com -RRB- was a French mathematician and theoretical physicist , and a philosopher of science .
'' Goodbye ''
Implements and animal bones were found alongside the ancient human remains .
It had been presumed that this title was by this time purely nominal , with auxiliary troops being recruited locally , but an inscription found in a recent season of excavations suggests that native Gauls were still to be found in the regiment and that they liked to distinguish themselves from British soldiers .
While working for WilliamsF1 in Canada in 2003 , he met Autumn Kelly , whom he married in St George 's Chapel at Windsor Castle in 2008 .
Armani Jeans is a bridge-line collection of denim-related clothing created in 1981 by Giorgio Armani . Armani Jeans is mainly sold in department stores , although there are 15 freestanding Armani Jeans stores in the world , in addition to an Armani Jeans Cafe in Milan .
-LRB- In the Book , Kevin 's last name is Avery .
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography .
Different countries have undergone different evolutionary stages towards the development of military camouflage .
Gunther leads in a downcast BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde , who is astonished to see Siegfried .
Flagler 's houselots were bought by the beneficiaries of the Gilded Age , and in 1902 Flagler himself built a Beaux-Arts mansion , Whitehall , designed by the New Yorkâ '' based firm CarrÃ re and Hastings and helped establish the Palm Beach winter '' season '' by constant entertaining .
Recent research indicates that the Neanderthals timed their hunts and the migrations of game animals long before the beginning of the Upper Paleolithic .
Essex is a city in Page County , Iowa , United States .
1561 & ndash ; Jacopo Peri , Italian composer -LRB- d. 1633 -RRB-
Brooks is one of the few artists who have received an Oscar , Emmy , Tony , and Grammy .
Influenced by the ideas of William McDougall , Lorenz developed this into a '' psychohydraulic '' model of the motivation of behavior , which tended towards group selectionist ideas , which were influential in the 1960s .
Charles I , Duke of Bourbon -LRB- d. 1456 -RRB-
Tagore 's Bengali-language writingsâ '' the 1939 RabÄ '' ndra RachanÄ valÄ '' â '' is also canonised as one of Bengal 's greatest cultural treasures .
Dworshak Dam is a hydroelectric , concrete gravity dam in Clearwater County , Idaho , United States on the North Fork Clearwater River .
Baby Mario has a major role along with Baby Luigi in Mario & Luigi : Partners in Time and appears in Yoshi 's Island DS .
Genetic algorithms find application in bioinformatics , phylogenetics , computational science , engineering , economics , chemistry , manufacturing , mathematics , physics and other fields .
RIP SLYME is a Japanese hip hop group .
A hairstyle , hairdo , or haircut refers to a styling of head hair .
Origin of Life at the Weizmann Institute It is known that phospholipids form bilayers in water while under agitation -- the same structure as in cell membranes .
The 10th century is the period from 901 to 1000 in accordance with the Julian calendar in the Christian\/Common Era .
The idea for Nicktoons was formed in 1989 and on Sunday , August 11 , 1991 , the first Nicktoon , Doug , was aired followed by Rugrats and The Ren and Stimpy Show .
September 5 & ndash ; The Qing Chinese admiral Shi Lang receives the formal surrender of Zheng Keshuang , ushering in the collapse of the Kingdom of Tungning , which is then incorporated into the Qing Empire .
Additional persons may be called James Doe , Judy Doe , etc. . However , to avoid possible confusion , if two anonymous or unknown parties are cited in a specific case or action , the surnames Doe and Roe may be used simultaneously ; for example , '' John Doe v. Jane Roe '' .
McCartney , Harrison and Starr taped 16 takes of the rhythm track , followed by a series of guitar overdubs .
The Condor Legion was a unit composed of volunteers from the German Air Force -LRB- Luftwaffe -RRB- and from the German Army -LRB- Wehrmacht Heer -RRB- which served with the Nationalists during the Spanish Civil War of July 1936 to March 1939 .
All entrants regardless of religious affiliation are expected to respect the rules and decorum for mosques .
11th and 12th centuries : Expansion and union to the Kingdom of León In 1028 , Sancho III of Navarre married the sister of Count García Sánchez and inherited the County of Castile after his brother-in-law 's death .
SEO may target different kinds of search , including image search , local search , video search and industry-specific vertical search engines .
Their first four albums were produced by Harry Vanda and George Young who also worked with AC\/DC .
The ship 's figurehead , which washed up on the beach several days later , was erected as a modest monument to the victims and rescuers along the oceanfront for more than 50 years , and later became the inspiration for the current matching Norwegian Lady Monuments in Virginia Beach and Moss , Norway , sculpted by Ørnulf Bast .
Early spectroscopes were simply prisms with graduations marking wavelengths of light .
It is sometimes defined as an adult height of less than 4 feet 10 inches -LRB- 147 cm -RRB- , although this definition is problematic because short stature in itself is not a disorder .
They were first released in Japan in 1996 as Red and Green , with Blue being released later in the year as a special edition .
For example , typically the United Kingdom suffers 450 drownings per annum or 1 per 150,000 of population whereas the United States suffers 6,500 drownings or around 1 per 50,000 of population .
Although Portlethen has been granted official town status , it resembles a residential suburb without a clear ` town center ' or focal point .
As president of the church , Monson is considered by adherents to be a prophet , seer , and revelator of God 's will on earth .
Here , Pauline is frequently featured with another long-running protagonist , fellow launderette colleague , Dot Branning .
Simon F. Green and John K. Davies discovered it in images from October 11 , 1983 while searching Infrared Astronomical Satellite -LRB- IRAS -RRB- data for moving objects .
Hydrolysis is a chemical reaction during which one or more water molecules are split into hydrogen and hydroxide ions , which may go on to participate in further reactions.Compendium of Chemical Terminology , hydrolysis , accessed 2007-01-23 .
Until the 1980 -- 81 season , the trophy was awarded to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season .
Château-Gontier is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
With the 1788 ratification of the Constitution , a separate executive branch was created , headed by the President of the United States .
the Chef-lieu de région , the town in which the administration of a region is located ;
Units under his command killed approximately 200,000 civilians -LRB- more than 65,000 in mass executions -RRB- and an unknown number of POWs .
Sir Augustus Frederick d'Este KCB KCH -LRB- 1794-1848 -RRB- was the son of Prince Augustus Frederick , Duke of Sussex and Lady Augusta Murray and the grandson of George III .
-- -RRB-
Prices were reduced by 20 % ; following this , half-price bus travel became available to Londoners on income support .
Bureaucrats have extended access to Special : UserRights , enabling them to add users to the ` sysop ' and ` bureaucrat ' groups -LRB- but not remove them -RRB- , and both add users to and remove users from the ` bot ' user group .
Temperature is believed to have been relatively stable over the one or two thousand years before 1850 , with regionally-varying fluctuations such as the Medieval Warm Period or the Little Ice Age .
His last broadcast as anchor was on December 1 , 2004 , after which he was succeeded by Brian Williams .
Their smooth , glossy coats can be fawn , apricot , silver or black .
Carsten Jancker -LRB- born 28 August 1974 in GrevesmÃ 1\/4 hlen -RRB- is a former German professional footballer and current manager .
Dern has acted in such films as Smooth Talk -LRB-/O1985/O-RRB- , Blue Velvet -LRB-/O1986/O-RRB- , Fat Man and Little Boy -LRB-/O1988/O-RRB- , Wild at Heart -LRB-/O1990/O-RRB- , Jurassic Park -LRB- 1993 plus Jurassic Park 3 -RRB- and October Sky -LRB-/O1999/O-RRB- .
Hašek is regarded as a future Hall of Famer by those in the hockey world .
In coastal environments the littoral zone extends from the high water mark , which is rarely inundated , to shoreline areas that are permanently submerged .
At the opposite side of the cycle is the condenser , which is located outside of the cooled compartment , where the refrigerant vapor is compressed and forced through another heat exchange coil , condensing the refrigerant into a liquid , thus rejecting the heat previously absorbed from the cooled space .
BeaumÃ is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
As is common with bird-eating raptors , the female is much bigger than the male .
The 36th Ryder Cup Matches were held 22 -- 24 September 2006 at The K Club , Straffan , Co. .
The novel follows the story of Claire Hanover who sets out to discover the identity of her husband 's murderer .
Humphreys , 68 In 1958 , a year after Saddam had joined the Ba'ath party , army officers led by General Abd al-Karim Qasim overthrew Faisal II of Iraq .
Jebel Barkal or Gebel Barkal -LRB- -RRB- is a very small mountain located some 400 km north of Khartoum , in Karima town in Northern State in Sudan , on a large bend of the Nile River , in the region called Nubia .
Candice Michelle used her rematch clause for the Women 's Championship on the October 22 edition of Raw in a Two out of three falls match against Beth Phoenix .
'' Hit-making Nickel Creek tries to catch its breath '' .
The fact that geysers need heat much higher than normally found near the earth 's surface is the reason they are associated with volcanoes or volcanic areas .
In the Middle Ages , Romanians lived in three distinct principalities : Wallachia -LRB- â '' '' Romanian Land '' -RRB- , Moldavia and Transylvania .
In some Levantine countries , and Assyrian the condiment za ` atar -LRB- Arabic for thyme -RRB- contains thyme as a vital ingredient .
thefreedictionary.com or some degree of doubt regarding claims that are elsewhere taken for granted .
Heatherwick is a Senior Fellow and external examiner at the Royal College of Art , a fellow of the Royal Academy and was recently chosen to become a Royal Designer for Industry .
The Tale of Two Brothers -RRB- , and fairy tales appear , now and again , in written literature throughout literate cultures , as in The Golden Ass , which includes Cupid and Psyche -LRB- Roman , 100 â '' 200 AD -RRB- , or the Panchatantra -LRB- India 3rd century BCE -RRB- , but it is unknown to what extent these reflect the actual folk tales even of their own time .
Although not a regular first choice player internationally , Bridge was occasionally called upon to play for the England national team , including representing England in the World Cup .
Asbarez is an Armenian-American daily newspaper published in Glendale , California , by the Western USA Central Committee of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation .
In 1901 , while still employed by the Wa Syndicate , he left London to lead an expedition through Ghana and Upper Volta to look for minerals and ways to improve river navigation in the region .
The 75-story , 1,002-foot -LRB- 305 m -RRB- tall JPMorgan Chase Tower of Houston , Texas , formerly the Texas Commerce Tower , is the tallest building in Houston , the tallest building in Texas , the tallest five-sided building in the world , and is the 48th tallest building in the world .
On January 1 , 2006 Lessines had a total population of 17,848 .
Website The CBBC website provides a wide range of activities for viewers , such as games , puzzles , message boards and frequently updated news feeds .
Abbey Dawn is a clothing line designed by musician Avril Lavigne , exclusively for Kohl 's in the US .
On January 1 , 2006 Willebroek had a total population of 23,044 .
Edmonton would lose the first game to the Flyers but would then take the next four to win their second straight Stanley Cup .
This area is now the Victoria Business Park , although reality it is more of an industrial estate .
She is the first elected female senator from Minnesota and was one of seventeen female senators who served in the 111th United States Congress .
The Lachlan River is a significant river in central New South Wales , Australia .
Its county seat is Monroe .
At age nine -LRB- 1786 -RRB- , Hedda became a student of French balletmaster Louis Gallodier .
Starting around the 14th century , the word referred originally to the roughness of woven cloth before it was sheared . When cloth , especially woollen cloth , is woven , the surface of the cloth is not smooth , and this roughness is the nap .
One man -LRB- Giles Corey -RRB- who refused to enter a plea was crushed to death under heavy stones in an attempt to force him to do so .
The four-door Bermuda and Villager wagons and the two-door Roundup wagon were based on the 116 & Prime ; - wheelbase Ford station wagon platform and shared the trim and features of the Ranger and Pacer models .
The project would bring the maximum output of the facility to 40 GW , twice that of China 's Three Gorges Dam .
Later in a letter he said , the play , though '' extremely funny '' was Wilde 's '' first really heartless -LRB- one -RRB- '' .
Ponce -LRB- ; -RRB- is both a city and a municipality in the southern part of Puerto Rico .
Musically , Kertész was most influenced by László Somogyi , Bruno Walter , and Otto Klemperer , then the director of the Budapest Opera .
The Vikings compete in the North Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
In 1955 Cocteau was made a member of the AcadÃ mie franÃ aise and The Royal Academy of Belgium .
Recurring characters in the Zelda series make appearances and some form part of side quests ; for example , Tingle and his brothers must all be contacted by the player to earn a reward .
The colors of the sixty-four squares alternate and are referred to as '' light squares '' and '' dark squares '' .
The claim is formally recognized by only four states , each of which also has a claim over part of the Antarctic .
Eucalypts have also been used as a way of reducing malaria by draining the soil in Algeria , Sicily , elsewhere in Europe , and California .
The 1961 -- 62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Spruce may also refer to :
Larger than the previous version , the new Furbies have been upgraded with a more emotional face and a voice recognition system , enabling them to communicate with humans .
, when he attributed injuries suffered after The Big Show chokeslammed Angle off a ledge .
Each player in turn must either match the maximum previous bet or fold , losing the amount bet so far and all further interest in the hand .
Cavron-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Phoronids are worm-shaped , but with a gut that loops and exits the body near the mouth , instead of running the length of the animal , as in annelids -LRB- and many vertebrates -RRB- .
Charles the Fat -LRB- ; 13 June 839 â '' 13 January 888 -RRB- was the King of Alemannia from 876 , King of Italy from 879 , western Emperor -LRB- as Charles III -RRB- from 881 , King of East Francia from 882 , and King of West Francia from 884 .
Life on Mars is a British science fiction\/police procedural drama television series .
In the northwest , the geology is dominated by sediments from the Overijsselse Vecht and clay .
The statue depicts Moses with horns on his head .
Joyeuse -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône - Alpes region in southern France .
Camp Nowhere is a 1994 film directed by Jonathan Prince , written by Andrew Kurtzman and Eliot Wald , and starring Jonathan Jackson , Christopher Lloyd , Melody Kay , Andrew Keegan , and Marnette Patterson .
The major denominations include Shaivism , Shaktism , Vaishnavism and Smartism .
Bex is a municipality in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland , located in the district of Aigle .
nu , .
The crossover comprises three XOR gates , strategically positioned to cancel out the effects of each other .
Extended periods of heavy rainfall also resulted in flash flood warnings for portions across the island .
Gucci generated circa US$ 9.8 billion worldwide of revenue in 2008 according to BusinessWeek magazine and climbed to 45th position in the magazine 's annual '' Top 100 Brands '' chart created by Interbrand .
In February 1983 Carstens ' decision was approved by the Federal Constitutional Court so that general elections could take place .
Bulletstorm is a 2011 first-person shooter video game developed by People Can Fly and Epic Games , and is published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Microsoft Windows .
It is around long , stretching from Stockport , Greater Manchester , and ending at Liverpool Bay , Merseyside .
Multiplayer can be played by up to four players at one time .
Some Rubies are colored the color shown below as rich carmine .
It was suggested that worldwide measurements of iodine-131 and caesium-137 indicate that the releases from Fukushima are of the same order of magnitude as the releases of those isotopes from Chernobyl disaster in 1986 ; reports of similar independent data , however , do not make that claim .
It is a black solid , and a mixed valence compound , containing both Co -LRB- II -RRB- and Co -LRB- III -RRB- oxidation states .
In 1933 he returned to Vienna as a resident conductor of the Volksoper .
Parma also made their debut on the European stage during the 1960 -- 61 season , defeating Swiss side AC Bellinzona in the Coppa delle Alpi .
Béhasque - Lapiste -LRB- -RRB- is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
They correspond to the location of orbital resonances with Jupiter .
Le Mans is a part of the Pays de la Loire region .
Similarly : 1 millilitre of water has about 1 g of mass ; 1,000 litres of water has about 1,000 kg of mass .
Yoshiharu Ueno -LRB- , born April 21 , 1973 in Saitama , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player who played for the J-league team Yokohama F. Marinos .
A preview of Lion was publicly unveiled at Apple 's '' Back to the Mac '' event on October 20 , 2010 .
The music video for '' Come as You Are '' was directed by Kevin Kerslake , who drew inspiration for it from the cover artwork of Nevermind .
The term is not synonymous with the less common term holophyly , which does not include a last common ancestor .
Dromore is a village in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
The Nyingma tradition is the oldest of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism -LRB- the other three being the Kagyu , Sakya and Gelug -RRB- .
Gabriele Oriali -LRB- November 25 , 1952 -RRB- is a former football player from Italy , who mainly played defensive midfield but could also play center-back .
The Algeria national football team , nicknamed Les Fennecs -LRB- The Desert Foxes -RRB- , represents Algeria in association football and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration AlgÃ rienne de Football .
The club 's home ground is Elland Road .
However , several well-known members of the Party , including Laurent Fabius , and left-wingers Henri Emmanuelli and Jean-Luc MÃ lenchon , asked the public for a '' no '' vote in 29 May 2005 French referendum on the European Constitution , where the proposed Constitution was rejected .
Jamie Lee Curtis -LRB- born November 22 , 1958 -RRB- is an American actress and author .
The district was created in 1868 when districts were introduced in Saxe-Meiningen .
Pakistani-Greek relations are foreign relations between Pakistan and Greece .
The term '' bell peppers '' is rarely used , and then usually in reference to C. annuum and other varieties which have a bell-shape and are fairly hot , they are more usually called '' bell chillies '' .
A year later , Cao Cao died and his successor Cao Pi forced Emperor Xian to abdicate .
This enzyme cleaves the lactose molecule into its two subunits , the simple sugars glucose and galactose , which can be absorbed .
Sandro Salvadore -LRB- 29 November 1939 -- 4 January 2007 -RRB- was an Italian footballer .
Its county seat is Madison , Florida .
Neil Davidge , -LRB- born 1962 in Bristol , United Kingdom -RRB- , is a record producer , songwriter , film score composer , musician and occasional backing vocalist .
Kahoolawe has always been sparsely populated , due to a lack of freshwater .
Abéché is the 4th largest city in Chad , the capital of Ouaddaï Region .
At right is displayed the web color light cyan .
Major League Baseball made a deal with Fox and NBC on November 7 , 1995 .
France conquers the Republic of Genoa .
Bruno Senna Lalli -LRB- , born 15 October 1983 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver and the nephew of the late three-time Formula One world champion Ayrton Senna .
-LRB- born August 15 , 1977 in Tokyo -RRB- is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Division 2 Professional League .
Each pixel of an LCD typically consists of a layer of molecules aligned between two transparent electrodes , and two polarizing filters , the axes of transmission of which are -LRB- in most of the cases -RRB- perpendicular to each other .
The name Grey League is derived from the homespun gray clothes worn by the people and was used exclusively after March 16 , 1424 .
The game originated in the UK and has been played there since Tudor times , with the earliest reference being in 1745 in A Little Pretty Pocket-Book where it is called '' baseball '' .
Patrick Henry -LRB- May 29 , 1736 -- June 6 , 1799 -RRB- was an orator and politician who led the movement for independence in Virginia in the 1770s . A Founding Father , he served as the first and sixth post-colonial Governor of Virginia from 1776 to 1779 and subsequently , from 1784 to 1786 .
Salomé 's story was made the subject of a play by Oscar Wilde that premiered in Paris in 1896 , under the French name Salomé .
Rolling Stone link
Mauve can also be described as pale violet .
In December , 2000 , he was traded to the Chicago White Sox for Chad Bradford , an episode recounted in a chapter of the popular baseball\/business book Moneyball , although Olivo was mentioned only in passing .
On the lower branches of the food plant , the larva makes a cocoon within a leaf , firmly attaching the petiole to the branch .
Andreas Ulmer -LRB- born October 30 , 1985 -RRB- is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Destruction of the SCN results in the complete absence of a regular sleepâ '' wake rhythm .
'' Umbrella '' eventually reached a total of ten weeks at number one on the UK Singles Chart , becoming the country 's longest-running number-one single of the 21st century .
Garry Marshall -LRB- born November 13 , 1934 -RRB- is an American actor , director , writer and producer .
The butterflyfish are a group of conspicuous tropical marine fish of the family Chaetodontidae ; the bannerfish and coralfish are also included in this group .
Eberhard was excommunicated in 1245 after refusing to publish a decree deposing the emperor and died suddenly the next year .
These tensions between liberal Orleanist and Radical Republicans and Socialists led to the June Days Uprising .
For example , the United States bluegrass style contains elements from Anglo-Irish , Scottish , Irish , German and African instrumental and vocal traditions , which were able to fuse in the United States ' multi-ethnic society .
Sauvé was joined in nets by a young phenom just out of high school named Tom Barrasso for the 1983 -- 84 season , and the duo went on to share the William M. Jennings Trophy for fewest goals allowed in 1984 -- 85 .
Swagger thus retained the ECW title .
Mecha , also known as meka or mechs , are walking vehicles controlled by a pilot , often appearing in anime , science fiction , or other genres involving a fantastic or futuristic element .
Aramaic , Hebrew : , Mary m Miriam ; Arabic : , Maryam -RRB- , often referred to by Christians as the Virgin Mary or Saint Mary , was a Jewish woman of Nazareth in Galilee , identified in the New Testament as the mother of Jesus Christ .
The band returned for a tour in the United States and subsequently rejoined Guns N ' Roses in the summer of 1992 in Europe as part of the Use Your Illusion Tour along with fellow opening act Faith No More .
As a consequence , for half the year -LRB- from around 20 March to 22 September -RRB- the northern hemisphere is inclined toward the Sun , with the maximum around 21 June , while for the other half year the southern hemisphere has this distinction , with the maximum around 21 December .
When Americans and Canadians of European descent began to study Iroquois customs in the 18th and 19th centuries , they observed that women assumed a position in Iroquois society roughly equal in power to that of the men .
With a coastline on the Atlantic Ocean , Georgia is also vulnerable to hurricanes , although direct hurricane strikes were rare during the 20th century .
Scholars disagree over whether the Nicolay Copy was actually the reading copy Lincoln held at Gettysburg on November 19 .
Rip Slyme -LRB- often stylized as RIP SLYME -RRB- is a Japanese hip hop group .
Calcite is a carbonate mineral and the most stable polymorph of calcium carbonate -LRB- CaCO3 -RRB- .
At the Immunity Challenge , it was a close race , but Coby and Gregg solved their puzzle first , Koror prevailed once more .
The British Army was heavily involved in the Napoleonic Wars in which the army served in multiple campaigns across Europe -LRB- including continuous deployment in the Peninsular War -RRB- , the Caribbean , North Africa and later in North America .
The body was hand-laid fiberglass which actually hid Roth 's extensive chrome work to the chassis .
DGamer -LRB- Disney Gamer -RRB- is an online game and social network service developed by Disney for use with Nintendo DS games .
The dormice were kept and raised either in large pits or -LRB- in less spacious urban surroundings -RRB- in terra cotta containers , the glirariaE .
George Arthur Rowley , -LRB- 21 April 1926 & ndash ; 19 December 2002 -RRB- , was an English football player and cricketer .
Frequent themes include nuclear war , mass hysteria , and McCarthyism , subjects that were strictly forbidden on more '' serious '' prime-time drama .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. -LRB- born January 17 , 1981 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Ray J , is an American singer , record producer and actor .
Prior to land reclamation the area of Bembridge and Yaverland was almost an island unto itself , separated from the remainder of the Isle of Wight by Brading Haven .
Bangladeshi authorities claim that 3 million people were killed , White , Matthew , Death Tolls for the Major Wars and Atrocities of the Twentieth Century while the Hamoodur Rahman Commission , an official Pakistan Government investigation , put the figure as low as 26,000 civilian casualties .
the main character , Hareta , gained a Riolu egg which hatched into a Riolu later on in that chapter and then evolved into Lucario .
Most of decision theory is normative or prescriptive , i.e. , it is concerned with identifying the best decision to take , assuming an ideal decision maker who is fully informed , able to compute with perfect accuracy , and fully rational .
Michael Adams -LRB- born 17 November 1971 in Truro , Cornwall , England , UK -RRB- is a British Grandmaster -LRB- 1989 -RRB- of chess .
Ù ` Ø Ù ; Ê AmmÄ n -RRB- is the capital and largest city of Jordan .
The Earth of the early Archean may have supported a tectonic regime unlike that of the present .
The center of the principality of Saxony was located in the area now covered by the district .
For a general article on the state , see State -LRB- polity -RRB- .
To expose the conduct of the cortes , and to defend the junta and himself were the last labors of his pen .
Cinderella III : A Twist in Time is the second direct-to-video sequel to the 1950 Walt Disney Pictures animated classic Cinderella .
As the best known building within the cultural complex known as Albertopolis , the Hall is commonly and erroneously thought to lie within the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
Audio engineering is a part of audio science dealing with the recording and reproduction of sound through mechanical and electronic means .
Ruiselede -LRB- historically Ruysselede -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Varley , Paul .
Swift donated $ 10,000 , funded by CMT ONE COUNTRY , to St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital by winning the '' Video of the Year '' and '' Female Video of the Year '' awards at the 2008 CMT Music Awards .
After a couple of failed businesses , Shaikh moved to Poland with his second wife in 2005 , ostensibly with the dream of starting an airline , and later of becoming a pop star .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
JÃ nkÃ ping is situated by the southern end of Sweden 's second largest lake , VÃ ttern . The original town JÃ nkÃ ping has grown together with Huskvarna and Norrahammar forming a contiguous urban area , since 1971 wholly within the same municipality .
ISO 3632 deals exclusively with saffron and establishes four empirical color intensity grades : IV -LRB- poorest -RRB- , III , II , and I -LRB- finest quality -RRB- .
A user interface is the system by which people -LRB- users -RRB- interact with a machine .
The Ramsar Convention -LRB- The Convention on Wetlands of International Importance , especially as Waterfowl Habitat -RRB- is an international treaty for the conservation and sustainable utilisation of wetlands , i.e. , to stem the progressive encroachment on and loss of wetlands now and in the future , recognizing the fundamental ecological functions of wetlands and their economic , cultural , scientific , and recreational value .
43 career QB Rushing Touchdowns
It is not obvious to the driver that he was asleep during those missing seconds , although this is in fact what happened .
Sisters are more related to each other than to their offspring .
Ù â Ø or QazÃ Mihemmed -RRB- -LRB- 1893-1947 -RRB- was a nationalist and religious Kurdish leader and the Head of the Republic of Kurdistan , -LRB- Republic of Mahabad -RRB- the second modern Kurdish state in the Middle East -LRB- after the Republic of Ararat -RRB- .
The European Commission -LRB- formally the Commission of the European Communities -RRB- is the executive branch of the European Union .
Armand TraorÃ -LRB- born 8 October 1989 -RRB- is a French professional footballer of Senegalese descent who currently plays as a left back and left winger for Juventus , on loan from Arsenal .
The major islands of the Visays are Panay , Negros , Cebu , Bohol , Leyte , and Samar .
Seconded under the aegis of the Home Office for six months in November 1940 to Coventry after its blitz to run the city 's police because the Chief Constable was fully occupied as Civil Defense Controller , he introduced there the '' good neighbor scheme '' for bombed out civilians that he had trialled in Leamington and which was later adopted nationally by the Home Office .
The population was 1,817 at the 2000 census .
The Papacy makes a permanent move back from Avignon to Rome , ending the Avignon Papacy .
Vienne-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Sarah Bernhardt at Find A Grave Sarah Bernhardt has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street .
Oskar Lafontaine -LRB- ; born September 16 , 1943 , Saarlouis -RRB- is a German politician , former German finance minister , former chairman of the Social Democratic Party and former prime minister of the state of Saarland .
It transmits digital satellite television and radio to households initially in Malaysia , but also expands to Brunei .
The club was founded in 1902 .
Until 1939 the city 's name was Treptow an der Tollense .
He also wrote a Triple Concerto for piano , violin , cello , and orchestra .
A recent survey conducted at the University of Lethbridge confirmed that the CFL is the second most popular sports league in Canada , with the following of 19 % of the total adult Canadian population compared to 30 % for the NHL .
Just as the Kongus are known for their friendliness and hospitality , the eldest brother Kulandaiswamy and his wife Kempayammal lived up to the reputation and took good care of the all the guests who visited them by providing with food and shelter .
The climate of Colorado is quite complex compared to most of the United States .
Back at the mansion , Xavier explains to Wolverine that when Jean was younger , she was so powerful that he had to put telepathic blocks on her mind to help keep her powerful telepathic and telekinetic powers and abilities under control .
Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Aubenas is a commune in the southern part of the Ardèche department in the Rhône Valley in southern France .
Together these tribes were among the barbarians who disturbed the late Roman Empire during the Migration Period .
The CHL commissioner is currently Duane Lewis , who succeeded Brad Treliving on an interim basis after Treliving took a position with the NHL 's Phoenix Coyotes following the 2006-2007 season .
The stadium is the centrepiece of an area known as Sportcity , which includes several other sporting venues .
The movement has delayed construction or halted commitments to build some new nuclear plants .
Events Bobsleigh Figure skating Ice hockey Nordic skiing Cross-country skiing Nordic combined Ski jumping Speed skating Tobogganing -LRB- skeleton -RRB- Demonstration sports Military patrol Skijoring Venues St. Moritz Olympic Ice Rink St. Moritz-Celerina Olympic Bobrun Participating nations Athletes from 25 nations competed at these Games , up from 16 in 1924 .
The Greater Coat of Arms of the Realm , -LRB- or '' Groot Rijkswapen '' -RRB- , is the personal Coat of Arms of the Monarch -LRB- Queen Beatrix -RRB- .
Amplified -LRB- electro-acoustic -RRB- and solid body electric lever harps are produced by many harpmakers at this time , such as Lyon and Healy Harps out of Chicago , Salvi Harps out of Italy , and Camac Harps out of France .
Chengdu , Suining , Nanchong , Dazhou , Ya'an , Abazhou , and Liangshan all saw an increase of more than 40 percent while Leshan , Neijiang , Luzhou , Meishan , Ziyang , and Yibin saw an increase of more than 20 percent .
A similar petition was made for another Iranian minor , Nazanin Fatehi who also was facing execution .
France is a member of the United Nations and serves as one of the permanent members of the UN Security Council with veto rights .
The bill is short for a hummingbirdâ '' 1.8 cm or 0.7 in long .
However , because of widespread pollution during the Industrial Revolution in England , many of the lichens died out , and the trees that peppered moths rested on became blackened by soot , causing most of the light-coloured moths , or typica , to die off from predation .
MSV , owned by former Formula One driver , Jonathan Palmer , also runs the British series Formula Palmer Audi , as well as the British Superbike Championship .
Antti Niemi -LRB- ; born August 29 , 1983 -RRB- is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently a member of the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League .
Year Name 1961 1961 1961 1962 1963 1964 1967 1973 1981 1987 1988 1991 1993 1999 2008 2009 inductees The Hall of Fame selection committee met on June 22 , 2009 and announced the new inductees on June 23 .
Sonya Jehan -LRB- born Sonya Rizvi -RRB- is a French Bollywood actress of Pakistani descent .
Shosuke Katayama is a Japanese footballer .
In December 1969Official letter from Shamar Rinpoche , 1983 Retrieved 2009-03-02 - Also available in Riding the Tiger -LRB- 1992 -RRB- Ole and Hannah Nydahl met the 16th Karmapa , Rangjung Rigpe Dorje , a renowned yogi and the head of the Karma Kagyu lineage .
Albena Denkova -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born December 3 1974 in Sofia -RRB- is a Bulgarian ice dancer .
Key exchange -LRB- also known as '' Key establishment '' -RRB- is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users , allowing use of a cryptographic algorithm .
Domfront-en-Champagne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Hercules shows up and rescues Alcmene and leaves everyone to fight the Titans .
The band won MTV 's awards for Best Rock Video -LRB- '' Somewhere I Belong '' -RRB- and the Viewer 's Choice Award -LRB- '' Breaking the Habit '' -RRB- .
Only the most difficult convicts were sent to the Tasman Peninsula prison known as Port Arthur , mostly re-offenders .
In March 2011 , around 2,000 anti-nuclear protesters demonstrated in Taiwan for an immediate halt to the construction of the island 's fourth nuclear power plant .
The settlement of Haynow was mentioned in a 1272 deed .
Vegetation in regions with subarctic climates is generally of low diversity , as only hardy species can survive the long winters and make use of the short summers .
In part , it was a revolt against aristocratic social and political norms of the Age of Enlightenment and a reaction against the scientific rationalization of nature .
The roots of several demonstrations and meetings were planted in Folkets Hus , and as a result it was strongly linked to the great demonstration against unemployment in 1918 when workers stormed the Danish Stock Exchange -LRB- BÃ rsen -RRB- .
'' Bills , Bills , Bills '' is a 1999 hit single by Destiny 's Child , released as the first single from their second album The Writing 's on the Wall .
Justine is found with the locket , put on trial and found guilty .
It became Lopez 's least commercially successful album to date .
The Felons Apprehension Act was pushed through NSW Parliament for the specific purpose of declaring Hall and his comrades outlaws , and meant that they could be killed by anyone at any time without warning .
Google Videos is a free video sharing website and also a video search engine from Google Inc. .
She will teach her proper ways of serving tea , playing shamisen , dancing , casual conversation and more .
It is 504 km west of the state capital of Curitiba and 605 km west of the sea port of ParanaguÃ , 140 km from the 3 borders -LRB- Paraguay , Argentina and Brazil -RRB- at 24 Â 58 ' South , 53 Â 26 ' West .
The differences between these types of lines can also be looked at in the following way : the distance between asymptotic lines shrinks toward zero in one direction and grows without bound in the other ; the distance between ultraparallel lines -LRB- eventually -RRB- increases in both directions .
At Owlpen is one of the most picturesque Tudor manor houses set in a densely-wooded valley .
The libretto for The Seasons was provided to Haydn , just as with The Creation , by Baron Gottfried van Swieten , an Austrian nobleman who had also exercised an important influence on the career of Mozart .
In Peru , Juan Santos takes the name Atahualpa II and begins an ill-fated rebellion against the Spanish rule .
In psychiatry , dysaethesia aethiopica was an alleged mental illness described by American physician Samuel A. Cartwright in 1851 , which proposed a theory for the cause of laziness among slaves .
Illinois Institute of Technology -LRB- IIT -RRB- , commonly called Illinois Tech , is a private Ph.D.-granting university located in Chicago , Illinois , with programs in engineering , science , psychology , architecture , business , communications , industrial technology , information technology , design , and law .
He was one of the main leaders in the Polygar Wars , and commanded a vast young army made up of mostly Kongu youths , notably during the Second Polygar War that took place in 1801-1802 .
The Windows version of Chrome includes Gears , which adds features for web developers typically relating to the building of web applications -LRB- including offline support -RRB- .
The term Arabic refers to the Arabic language or writing system , and related concepts -LRB- -RRB- .
The Treaty was concluded between Ramesses II and HatusiliÅ III in Year 21 of Ramesses ' reign . -LRB- c. 1258 BC -RRB- Its eighteen articles calls for peace between Egypt and Hatti and then proceeds to maintain that their respective gods also demand peace .
Quercamps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A Territorial collectivity -LRB- and sometimes collectivité locale -RRB- within the French Republic , is the generic name for all subnational entities and dependent areas which have an elected local government and -LRB- per article # 72 of the French constitution -RRB- a '' certain freedom of administration '' .
About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo , from which a stream with an 80 m. waterfall flows .
In extreme events , water from the Finke River flows into the Macumba River , and thence into Lake Eyre , a total distance from headwater streams of around 750 km .
Retrieved 28 January 2008 .
There are two basic conceptions of environmental human rights in the current human rights system .
Louis Angelo Marcon -LRB- born May 28 , 1935 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 60 games in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings .
While Lennon 's lyrics were inspired by contemporary newspaper articles , McCartney 's were reminiscent of his youth .
In 1980 , the two moved to Syracuse , where Gallagher had been appointed the coordinator of the creative writing program at Syracuse University ; Carver taught as a professor in the English department .
In 1125 , Matilda married Stephen of Blois , Count of Mortain , who possessed a large honour in England .
After his film Nightbreed -LRB- Cabal -RRB- , which was widely considered to be a flop , Barker returned to write and direct Lord of Illusions .
The local government asks the U.S. , France and Belgium to restore order .
The data for GDP at purchasing power parity -LRB- PPP -RRB- have also been rebased using the new ICP price surveys and extrapolated to 2007 .
According to the Snork back-story , which was described in the show 's first opening theme , a few ventured to the surface -LRB- which the Snorks believe is '' outer space '' -RRB- in 1643 , and watched a Royal Navy ship being attacked by pirates .
Tellurite is a rare oxide mineral composed of tellurium dioxide -LRB- TeO2 -RRB- .
The total area is 60.56 km which gives a population density of 278 inhabitants per km .
In atmospheric terms , the barotropic zones of the Earth are generally found in the central latitudes , or tropics , whereas the baroclinic areas are generally found in the mid-latitude\/polar regions .
They were also the first French club to win the UEFA Champions League , in 1993 .
birthplace = Chicago , Illinois , U.S.
Hamhuis played major junior hockey with the Prince George Cougars of the Western Hockey League -LRB- WHL -RRB- and was selected 12th overall by the Nashville Predators in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft .
Adobe Acrobat 9 family also dropped the multiple document interface . Previous versions of Adobe Acrobat opened multiple PDF files in the same window .
Accessed September 5 , 2007 The unique presentation of the programme won the UNDA award from the International Catholic Association for Radio and Television for the best UK religious radio programme in 1977 .
St. Ansgar is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
Grapes include Kékfrankos for red wine and Traminer -LRB- Gewürztraminer -RRB- for white wine .
Edward VIII -LRB- Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; later The Duke of Windsor ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 -RRB- was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions , and Emperor of India from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December 1936 .
The episode starts with a thirteen year old girl , Maria Jackson -LRB- Yasmin Paige -RRB- , and her recently divorced father Alan -LRB- Joseph Millson -RRB- moving into a house opposite journalist and former time-traveller Sarah Jane Smith -LRB- Elisabeth Sladen -RRB- .
Both the CC-BY-SA license and License A may be used in the following cases : The initial revision started by Alice or Boris .
They are known for philosophical lyrics , sonic experimentation , innovative cover art , and elaborate live shows .
Sarah Jane Smith and K-9 Mark III returned in the 2006 series episode '' School Reunion '' .
Moncayolle-Larrory-Mendibieu -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The lyrics first appeared in the September issues of '' Bongodorshon '' and '' Baul '' simultaneously , in 1905 .
Saint-Genis-Pouilly is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Sorkin 's hectic writing schedule often led to cost overruns and schedule slips , and he opted to leave the show after the fourth season , following increasing personal problems , including an arrest for possession of '' what were believed to be hallucinogenic mushrooms . ''
In cold weather , long underwear sometimes is worn to provide additional warmth .
Anal Cunt , also known as AxCx and A.C. , is an American grindcore band that formed in Newton , Massachusetts in 1988 .
What is a Magical Operation ?
It is used in the United States but is not as common as the liquid pint .
Dar es Salaam -LRB- '' house of Peace '' D r as-Sal m -RRB- , formerly Mzizima , is the largest city in Tanzania .
Abstract algebra uses matrices with entries in more general fields or even rings , while linear algebra codifies properties of matrices in the notion of linear maps .
While running , one man is hit by a boulder and killed .
Charlton Heston -LRB- October 4 , 1923 & ndash ; April 5 , 2008 -RRB- MSNBC .
The shooting ended when Coon entered another room and fatally shot himself in the right side of his head .
There is no uniform design ; most bolas have two or three balls , but there are versions of up to eight or nine .
Lawrence 's Goldfinch Carduelis lawrencei was named for him by Cassin .
Heroes may refer to :
Finite is the opposite of infinite .
Hermann Hesse 's Der Steppenwolf also expresses a picture of anomie .
Christoffer Andersson -LRB- born 22 October 1978 in Nybro -RRB- is a Swedish football player , currently playing for Helsingborgs IF .
The band embarked on a North American tour that went from December 1989 to March 1990 .
Adams -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , p. 290 The Sacred Cenote was used for human sacrifices to the rain god Chaak in periods of drought .
Kubrick co-wrote the screenplay with science fiction writer Sir Arthur C. Clarke , expanding on Clarke 's short story '' The Sentinel '' .
Antonio Vivaldi also wrote a setting of the Te Deum -LRB- RV 622 -RRB- , but this composition is now lost .
Cyon is LG Electronics ' Korean mobile phone brand .
Providence is the capital and the most populous city of the U.S. state of Rhode Island , and one of the first cities established in the United States .
The only exceptions are those cases in which editors have violated Wikipedia policy by uploading copyrighted material without authorization , or with copyright licensing terms which are incompatible with those Wikipedia authors have applied to the rest of Wikipedia content .
The Gulf of Finland is the easternmost arm of the Baltic Sea . It extends between Finland -LRB- to the north -RRB- and Estonia -LRB- to the south -RRB- all the way to Saint Petersburg in Russia , where the river Neva drains into it .
The Town of Wellington was gazetted in 1846 .
In the early nineteenth century , chemists generally believed that compounds obtained from living organisms were too complex to be obtained synthetically .
The island was most probably populated by Polynesians who navigated in canoes or catamarans from the Marquesas Islands , 3200 k away , or the Gambier Islands -LRB- Mangareva , 2600 k away -RRB- .
Gettysburg National Cemetery is located on Cemetery Hill in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Amethysts are also worn because people think it makes them look and .
The building was constructed in the late 1800s , and in 1906 the first Chilean casino was established there .
The controlling section usually consists of two metal antennae which sense the position of the player 's hands and control oscillators for frequency with one hand , and amplitude -LRB- volume -RRB- with the other , so it can be played without being touched .
Molain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Down on the Upside is the fifth and final studio album by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden , released on May 21 , 1996 through A&M Records .
Minnesota Birth Index , 1935-2002 .
Javon Ringer -LRB- born February 2 , 1987 , Dayton , Ohio -RRB- is an American football running back who plays for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League .
They are often difficult to distinguish from related species because of morphological similarities across genera .
Marzahn-Hellersdorf has seven twin towns :
These events have their roots in races of imperial measurements which were later altered to metric : the 100 m evolved from the 100 yard dash ,100 m -- Introduction .
Lying along the Indian Ocean to its southeast and at the equator , Kenya is bordered by Somalia to the northeast , Ethiopia to the north , Sudan to the northwest , Uganda to the west and Tanzania to the south .
In 1918 , Krosigk married Baroness Ehrengard von Plettenberg , with whom he had four sons and five daughters .
The most notable cyclones the year were Hurricanes Ignacio and Marty , which killed 2 and 12 people in Mexico , respectively , and were collectively responsible for about $ 1 billion -LRB- 2003 USD -RRB- in damage .
At the age of ten , Walton was accepted as a chorister at Christ Church Cathedral in Oxford , and he subsequently entered Christ Church of the University of Oxford as an undergraduate at the unusually early age of sixteenKennedy , p. 6/7 .
Women 's Basketball Association The Women 's Basketball Association -LRB- WBA -RRB- was a professional women 's basketball league in the United States .
The city of Geneva has an area of , while the area of the Canton of Geneva is , including the two small enclaves of Céligny in Vaud .
This is particularly true of atlases published by Dutch publishers during the second half of the seventeenth century .
Ernest Mandel , Social differentiation in capitalist and postcapitalist societies , in : Stanislaw Kozyr-Kowalski and Jacek Tittenbrun , On Social Differentiation .
Players argued that if they had pre-existing contracts that they would be in breach of them if they were to accept the ICC 's rules .
Johan Vonlanthen BenavÃ dez -LRB- born 1 February 1986 -RRB- is a Swiss footballer who plays as a winger for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and for the Swiss national team .
According to the Acts of the Apostles , his conversion -LRB- or metanoia -RRB- took place on the road to Damascus where he experienced a vision of the resurrected Jesus after which he was temporarily blinded .
A heavily promoted match for the event was an interpromotional match between SmackDown superstar Kurt Angle and Raw superstar Shawn Michaels .
Bartolo and the Count start arguing and , when Basilio , Figaro and Berta appear , the noise attracts the attention of the Officer of the Watch and his men .
In the Tokyo area , there is also a tradition of giving out soba to new neighbors after a house move -LRB- Hikkoshi soba -RRB- , although this practice is now rare .
Bibliotheke of Pseudo-Apollodorus , 1.2.2 ; Hesiod gives a list of the offspring of Hyperion and Theia in Theogony , lines 371ff .
Vale of White Horse District Shown within Oxfordshire Geography Status : District Region : South East England Shire county : Oxfordshire Historic county : Berkshire Area : - Total Ranked 578.63 km ² Admin .
14 % of NSW agricultural production is generated in the region from a land area of approximately 10 % of NSW .
The elliptical Roman amphitheatre , of the first or second century AD , is the best-preserved Roman arena in France .
Bowerman 's '' Track Men of Oregon '' won 24 NCAA individual titles -LRB- with wins in 15 of the 19 events contested -RRB- and four NCAA team crowns -LRB- 1962-1964-1965-1970 -RRB- , and posted 16 top-10 NCAA finishes in 24 years as head coach .
The mines were acquired by Anglo American U.B. Teader mining company in 1867 , which sold them to Moctezuma Copper Co , a subsidiary of Phelps Dodge .
The oldest part of Kaunas city is the Old Town located to the east of the confluence of the Nemunas and Neris rivers .
The village primary school is placed towards the road leading to Castle Caereinion .
Tamil was the first Indian language to be accorded the status of classical language by the Government of India in 2002 and had about 60 million native speakers .
Under the theory of quantum mechanics , black holes possess a temperature and emit Hawking radiation , but for black holes of stellar mass or larger this temperature is much lower than that of the cosmic background radiation .
The InterCity 125 train is made up of two power cars , one at each end of a fixed formation of carriages , and is capable of in regular service .
1893 & ndash ; Palmiro Togliatti , Italian communist leader -LRB- d. 1964 -RRB-
History Described by Livy as one of the Capitae Etruriae -LRB- Etruscan capitals -RRB- , Arezzo is believed to have been one of the twelve most important Etruscan cities -- the so-called Dodecapolis .
John Forbes Kerry -LRB- born December 11 , 1943 -RRB- is the senior United States Senator from Massachusetts , and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
They also have considerably fewer features than the '' adult '' Furby , with a very limited vocabulary and a lower level of interactivity .
WAW dependencies are also known as output dependencies .
Originally , the allemande formed the first movement of the suite , before the courante , but , later , it was often preceded by an introductory movement , such as a prelude .
Females can have two to three litters per year , so may produce up to 150 kittens in their breeding span of around ten years .
1974 & ndash ; Watergate Scandal : US President Gerald Ford pardons former President Richard Nixon for any crimes Nixon may have committed while in office .
Kaiserswerth is one of the oldest parts of the City of Düsseldorf .
Town council , a democratically elected form of government for small municipalities or parishes
People
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
However , the status of Leadbeater 's Possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat on Black Saturday in February 2009 .
OCA formally supervised the games starting from the 1986 Asian Games in South Korea .
It is located in Hartford County , and is the 2nd most populous city on the Connecticut River -LRB- after Springfield , Massachusetts , the city center of which sits just 24 m north of Hartford 's city center . -RRB-
The show was created by Darren Star and produced by Paul Robinson .
Tourette 's does not adversely affect intelligence or life expectancy .
E numbers are number codes for food additives and are usually found on food labels throughout the European Union .
How can family assets best be transferred across generations -LRB- bequests and inheritance -RRB- ?
For large numbers -LRB- 4,000 and above -RRB- , a bar can be placed above a base numeral , or parentheses placed around it , to indicate multiplication by 1,000 , although the Romans themselves often just wrote out the '' M '' s : Roman numerals : How they work : Larger numbers
Brubaker and Cooper note a tendency in many scholars to confuse identity as a category of practice and as a category of analysis .
Ryo Sakai -LRB- born August 9 , 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He died of Tuberculosis at the tender age of 21 .
Desvres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
This set was modified slightly in 2006 when Jeopardy !
Sir George Biddell Airy PRS KCB -LRB- 27 July 1801 â '' 2 January 1892 -RRB- was an English mathematician and astronomer , Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881 .
Sichuan 's beautiful landscapes and rich historical relics have also made the province a major center for tourism .
Although it is a nation-wide agency , states are free to define food waste individually , according to policies , preference and other definitions ,
With Web Server Gateway Interface a standard API has been developed to facilitate these applications .
It is one of the active ingredients in many over-the-counter cold and cough medicines , such as Robitussin , NyQuil , Dimetapp , Vicks , Coricidin , Delsym , and others , including generic labels .
Human hands are perhaps the most universally recognized example of chirality : The left hand is a non-superposable mirror image of the right hand ; no matter how the two hands are oriented , it is impossible for all the major features of both hands to coincide .
He conducted the Carl Rosa Opera Company in 1891 , and the following year the English premiere of Tchaikovsky 's Eugene Onegin at the newly rebuilt Olympic Theatre .
Sean Astin -LRB- born February 25 , 1971 -RRB- is an American film actor , director , and producer better known for his film roles as Mikey Walsh in The Goonies , the title character of Rudy , and Samwise Gamgee in the Lord of the Rings trilogy .
V -LRB- The Elephant -RRB-
Montlevon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The intestines , lungs , liver , and stomach were preserved separately and stored in canopic jars protected by the four sons of Horus .
Thuin is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
'' Bonds ~ Kizuna ~ '' -LRB- BondS , May 17 , 2006 -RRB-
He ruled as Poglavnik or head , of the Independent State of Croatia -LRB- NDH -RRB- , a World War II puppet state of Nazi Germany in Axis-occupied Yugoslavia .
Fold -LRB- geology -RRB- , one or a stack of originally flat and planar surfaces that are bent or curved as a result of plastic deformation
Miller became only the third player since World War II to have played for both sides of the Old Firm â '' following Alfie Conn and Maurice Johnston .
Every battalion will also include some sort of combat service support , typically organized within a combat support company .
Auriol is a commune situated in the Huveaune valley close to Roquevaire in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southern France .
Travis Landon Barker -LRB- born November 14 , 1975 -RRB- is an American musician , producer , entrepreneur , and the drummer most noted for the American pop punk band Blink-182 , as well as the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock band The Transplants , and the drummer for the alternative rock band Box Car Racer .
This comprises cells and other mechanisms that defend the host from infection in a non-specific manner .
Jean de Meun completes the French allegorical work of fiction , Roman de la Rose , with a second section ; the first section was written by Guillaume de Lorris in 1230 .
The Assistant Secretary is third in the order of succession for the office of Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
A stone circle is an ancient monument of standing stones .
Frank Lloyd Wright -LRB- born Frank Lincoln Wright , June 8 , 1867 -- April 9 , 1959 -RRB- was an American architect , interior designer , writer and educator , who designed more than 1,000 projects , which resulted in more than 500 completed works .
'' Car crash '' redirects here .
On December 23 , 1992 , Hazel died from internal bleeding and liver failure .
When first announced , 70 Virginis b was considered to be within its star 's habitable zone -LRB- preferably in the '' Goldilocks zone '' -RRB- , but it was later confirmed that the planet has an eccentric orbit , closer to its parent .
Aubigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
North of Sacramento , the road ranges from a rural two-lane road to a four-lane freeway .
Moulines is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Because their energy is strongly beamed , the gamma rays emitted by most bursts are expected to miss the Earth and never be detected .
Covers of the song have been released by Mystery Jets and Tunng .
Nathan Winneke -- lead vocals -LRB- 2002 -- Present -RRB- , bass guitar -LRB- 1999-2002 -RRB-
During that time , Juan Ponce de LeÃ n , who discovered Florida , Vasco NÃ Ã ez de Balboa , who discovered the Pacific Ocean -LRB- he called it the '' South Sea '' below Panama -RRB- , and Ferdinand Magellan , who first sailed that ocean to the Orient , profoundly influenced de Soto 's ambitions .
In Asian elephants , only males have tusks , but both males and females of African elephants have tusks and are usually less hairy than their Asian cousins .
In Christian tradition , the Star of Bethlehem , also called the Christmas Star , revealed the birth of Jesus to the magi , or '' wise men '' , and later led them to Bethlehem .
Constructed in 1937 , with additions in 1959 , the bridge spans the United States-Canada border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region , from which it derives its name .
On November 18 , 1803 , Haitian army led by Jean-Jacques Dessalines defeated a French colonial army led by the Comte de Rochambeau , leading to the independence of HaÃ ti .
They are best known for their hit singles '' Fire Water Burn '' and '' The Bad Touch '' .
Hamilton won the first race of the 2008 season , the , having qualified on pole position .
Feistel ciphers are an important class of product ciphers .
-LRB- born September 14 , 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese pop singer associated with Hello !
The struggle was to culminate in some severe defeats for Owen .
These dates delimit the time when most tropical cyclones form in this part of the Pacific Ocean .
Under the Constitution of Ireland a general election for Dáil Éireann must occur once in every seven years , but a five year limit is currently specified by statute .
Falmouth Academy -LRB- also known as FA -RRB- is a non-profit , coed , private college-preparatory school for day students in grades 7 â '' 12 located in Falmouth , Massachusetts on Cape Cod .
Wind shear , sometimes referred to as windshear or wind gradient , is a difference in wind speed and direction over a relatively short distance in the atmosphere .
Haymarket is a town in Prince William County , Virginia , United States .
The Maple Leaf Flag always precedes the Union Flag , with the former occupying the place of honor .
Language and Speech , Vol .
See : Red dwarfs such as Proxima Centauri are far too faint to be seen with the naked eye ; even from Alpha Centauri A or B , Proxima would only be seen as a fifth magnitude star .
He discovered that observed variation in manufacturing data did not always behave the same way as data in nature -LRB- for example , Brownian motion of particles -RRB- .
Le Mazeau is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Brezhnev died on 10 November 1982 after suffering a heart attack .
Dango are eaten year-round , but the different varieties are traditionally eaten in given seasons .
Howland Island -LRB- -RRB- is an uninhabited coral island located just north of the equator in the central Pacific Ocean , about southwest of Honolulu .
Tamil is also an official language of Sri Lanka and Singapore .
Rahay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
His mother , Catherine de ' Medici , acts as Regent until Henry arrives from Poland .
Their skins are used for leather .
Baiji -LRB- or Chinese River Dolphin -RRB- , Lipotes vexillifer -LRB- possibly extinct , since December 2006 -RRB-
Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It has a border crossing to the Haitian town Belladère .
Early in her life , she suffered a traumatic head wound when she was hit by a heavy metal weight thrown by an irate overseer , intending to hit another slave .
Her husband John Piper designed the sets It was first performed at Snape Maltings near Aldeburgh , England on 16 June 1973 .
In the 3rd century BC , the Buddha 's fig tree was brought to Sri Lanka by the Thera Sangamitta -LRB- Pali ; Skt/O. : Sanghamitra -RRB- , daughter of Emperor Asoka and founder of an order of Buddhist nuns in Sri Lanka .
Venasque is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
It uses a stock at the crown to which two large flat triangular flukes are attached .
Most cloth made for carom billiards tables is a type of baize that is dyed green , and is made from 100 % worsted wool , which provides a very fast surface allowing the balls to travel with little resistance across the table .
After releasing their debut album Prayers of Steel and their Depraved to Black EP in 1985 , the band changed their name to Rage because there was another band in England that also carried the moniker .
The final lineup consisted of lead vocalist , guitarist and songwriter Ben Jorgensen , lead guitarist PJ DeCicco , bassist Anthony DiIonno and drummer Nash Breen .
'' Operation Number One '' -RRB- was a campaign of a series of major battles between the Imperial Japanese Army forces and the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China , fought from April to December 1944 .
Tordouet is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
She also sings a version of '' When You Wish Upon a Star '' for the 2009 DVD/Blu-Ray release of Disney 's Pinocchio -LRB- 1940 film -RRB- .
A plectrum -LRB- or pick -RRB- is a small flat tool used to pluck or strum a stringed instrument .
Imminent means that a gale is expected within 6 hours , Expected soon that a gale is expected within 6 to 12 hours and Later in more than 12 hours time .
Morizès is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Geographically it is east of the Malay Archipelago , with which it is sometimes included as part of a greater Indo-Australian Archipelago/O. ; Geologically it is equally a part , with Australia , of the continent of Sahul , also known as Greater Australia .
T. karamyschevii
John Macarthur -LRB- 1766 -- 11 April 1834Macarthur , John -LRB- 1767 - 1834 -RRB- Australian Dictionary of Biography -RRB- was a soldier , entrepreneur , politician and pioneer of the Australian wool industry .
The binary prefix kibi means 1024 , therefore 1 kibibyte is .
Los Angeles Galaxy -LRB- commonly referred to as L A Galaxy -RRB- is an American , professional soccer club based in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson , California , and is a member of Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- .
Hennie Meijer -LRB- born 17 February 1962 -RRB- is a retired Dutch football player .
Ozawa was followed by Edo de Waart , the young Dutch conductor , who brought an entirely new face to the orchestra .
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
The introduction of Burger King in Tórshavn was widely publicized and a sign of the globalization of Faroese culture .
A baby hatch is a place where mothers can bring their babies , usually newborn , and leave them anonymously in a safe place to be found and cared for .
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar died in Santiago de Cuba in 1524 , a very bitter man .
Rumi and Jawi are co-official in Brunei .
Frequency is the number of occurrences of a repeating event per unit time .
He made his film debut as a thug in the 1974 Charles Bronson film Death Wish .
The Tridentine Mass is the form of the Roman Rite Mass contained in the typical editions of the Roman Missal that were published from 1570 to 1962 . It was the most widely celebrated Mass liturgy in the world until the introduction of the Mass of Paul VI in December 1969 .
101 Dalmatians II : Patch 's London Adventure is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on January 21 , 2003 . The film is the sequel to the 1961 Disney animated film One Hundred and One Dalmatians .
F. & J. Heinz launched their tomato ketchup in 1876 .
SANAA -LRB- Sejima and Nishizawa and Associates -RRB- is an architectural firm based in Tokyo .
8 Flora is a large , bright main-belt asteroid .
Julio Ricardo Cruz -LRB- born 10 October 1974 in Santiago del Estero -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who currently is a free agent .
The federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate was established on 30 August 1946 .
The name was coined as an ironic contrast to the designation Munro , used of a Scottish mountain with a height of more than , which is homophonous with -LRB- Marilyn -RRB- Monroe .
The Pennines are a low-rising mountain range in Northern England and Southern Scotland .
Gattières is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
They mostly live hidden in the ground , which makes them the least explored order of amphibians , and widely unknown .
Alma was the first tropical storm on record to strike the Pacific coast of Nicaragua .
He is a legendary figure among chefs and gourmets , and was one of the most important leaders in the development of modern French cuisine .
It has a population of 30,500 -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- and is the seventh largest town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania .
538 & ndash ; Witiges , king of the Ostrogoths ends his siege of Rome and retreats to Ravenna , leaving the city in the hands of the victorious Roman general , Belisarius .
Vimy is a commune and in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A battalion is a military unit of around 300 -- 1,300 soldiers usually consisting of between two and seven companies and typically commanded by either a Lieutenant Colonel or a Colonel .
February 18 -- Fort St. Louis is established by a Frenchman at Matagorda Bay , thus forming the basis for France 's claim to Texas .
Each event featured professional wrestlers from WWE competing in various professional wrestling match types .
The band recorded several albums , achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Wish You Were Here -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , Animals -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , and The Wall -LRB- 1979 -RRB- ; all except Animals peaked at number one on the United States record chart .
A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country , which is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code -LRB- except UK instead of GB for the United Kingdom -RRB- .
Henrique Hilário Meireles Alves Sampaio -LRB- born 21 October 1975 -RRB- , known as Hilário , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Premier League club Chelsea , as a goalkeeper .
Conversely , sometimes unrelated taxa acquire similar appearance through convergent evolution or even through mimicry .
The insignia for StandartenfÃ 1\/4 hrer consisted of a single oak leaf displayed on both collars .
In the months before Ayers ' memoir was published on September 10 , 2001 , the author gave numerous interviews with newspaper and magazine writers in which he defended his overall history of radical words and actions .
This layer is the domain of fish such as tuna , many sharks , dolphin fish , and jellyfish .
Rio Salado Community College
The AsociaciÃ n Cultural de la Llingua LlÃ onesa El Fueyu -LRB- Cultural Leonese Association of the Leonese Language El Fueyu -RRB- is a Leonese language association whose main effort is promoting the knowledge of Leonese language and the defense of the rights of Leonese language speakers .
She returned in the following serial Logopolis , in which the Fourth Doctor regenerated , and remained as a companion of the Fifth Doctor .
The cemetery is currently in size .
The Cleveland Indians are a professional baseball team based in Cleveland , Ohio .
Pavel HorvÃ th -LRB- born 22 April 1975 in Prague -RRB- is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FC Viktoria PlzeÅ , as a midfielder .
It became a more defined and formalised profession with the emergence of the architecture profession as distinct from the engineering profession during the industrial revolution in the late 19th Century .
2001 shoplifting incident On December 12 , 2001 , Ryder was arrested on shoplifting charges in Beverly Hills , California ; she stood accused of stealing $ 5,500 worth of designer clothes and accessories at a Saks Fifth Avenue department store .
Anna was born at Flatbrookville , Walpack Township , New Jersey on July 25 , 1775 to Judge John Cleves Symmes and Anna Tuthill Symmes of Long Island .
Together , the mines and galleries run for approximately 280 kilometers .
He was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks in the 8th round -LRB- 157th overall -RRB- in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft .
Béla Viktor János Bartók -LRB- -LRB- Wells 1990 -RRB- , -RRB- -LRB- March 25 , 1881 & ndash ; September 26 , 1945 -RRB- was a Hungarian composer and pianist .
Patrick Jacques Roy -LRB- ; born October 5 , 1965 -RRB- is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender .
In 1974 , the capital of the country was formally moved from Zomba to Lilongwe .
When peace like a river , attendeth my way ,
The Mallard -LRB- Anas platyrhynchosEtymology : Ancient Greek for '' flat-billed duck '' -LSB- -RSB- -RRB- , probably the best-known and most recognizable of all ducks , is a dabbling duck which breeds throughout the temperate and sub-tropical areas of North America , Europe , Asia , Africa , New Zealand -LRB- where it is currently the most common duck species -RRB- , and Australia .
Ezio Pascutti -LRB- born June 1 , 1937 in Mortegliano -RRB- is an Italian former footballer .
Plants that were better at retaining insects or water therefore had a selective advantage .
Nicknames for Prague have included : Praga mater urbium\/Praha matka m st -LRB- '' Prague -- Mother of Cities '' -RRB- in Latin\/Czech , Stov atá Praha -LRB- '' City of a Hundred Spires '' -RRB- in Czech and Zlaté m sto\/Goldene Stadt -LRB- '' Golden City '' -RRB- in Czech\/German .
# channels -LRB- '' + channels '' were later replaced with '' # channels '' in version 2.7 , numeric channels were removed entirely and channel bans -LRB- mode + b -RRB- were implemented . -RRB-
In Paris , CÃ zanne met the Impressionist Camille Pissarro .
The estimated year of Good Friday is AD 33 , by two different groups , and originally as AD 34 by Isaac Newton via the differences between the Biblical and Julian calendars and the crescent of the moon .
The town is the administrative centre of the Wellington Shire Local Government Area .
Buster Keaton -LRB- October 4 , 1895 â '' February 1 , 1966 -RRB- was an American comic actor , filmmaker , producer and writer .
Demographics
position = League Two , 20th
The Talmud has two components : the Mishnah -LRB- c. 200 CE -RRB- , the first written compendium of Judaism 's Oral Law ; and the Gemara -LRB- c. 500 CE -RRB- , a discussion of the Mishnah and related Tannaitic writings that often ventures onto other subjects and expounds broadly on the Tanakh .
He was most famous as being a production and character designer for Hanna-Barbera Productions shows such as Scooby-Doo .
Historic Scotland -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : Alba AosmhÃ r -RRB- is an executive agency of the Scottish Government , responsible for historic monuments in Scotland .
The complex flavor of hoja santa is not so easily described ; it has been compared to eucalyptus , licorice , sassafras , anise , nutmeg , mint , tarragon , and black pepper .
God sends Moses to request the release of the Israelites .
It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing center , and has numerous industrial companies , principally geared towards shipbuilding .
Heilbronn is also the '' major economic center '' of the Heilbronn-Franken region that includes almost the entire northeast of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
Naoki Matsuda -LRB- Matsuda Naoki ; born March 14 , 1977 in Kiry , Gunma -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos , as a defender .
When done , the dish is kept warm aside on the griddle until someone orders a serving .
The Red-necked Wallaby -LRB- Macropus rufogriseus -RRB- is a medium-sized macropod , common in the more temperate and fertile parts of eastern Australia .
The Croatian Wikipedia is the Croatian version of Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia , started on February 16 , 2003 .
Its only known species is Darwinius masillae , dated to 47 million years ago -LRB- Lutetian stage -RRB- based on dating of the fossil site .
The urban area , including surrounding parishes , had a population of 43,867 at the 2001 census , though this figure has increased in recent years .
These banana fiber rugs are woven by traditional Nepalese hand-knotting methods , and are sold RugMark certified .
Autremencourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
96.3 % were from a Catholic background and 2.9 % were from a Protestant background
King 's College Chapel is the chapel to King 's College of the University of Cambridge , and is one of the finest examples of late Gothic -LRB- Perpendicular -RRB- English architecture .
The Pitman arm is a linkage attached to the steering gear -LRB- see recirculating ball -RRB- sector shaft , that converts the angular motion of the sector shaft into the linear motion needed to steer the wheels .
The principal difference between thin film and thick film resistors is not the actual thickness of the film , but rather how the film is applied to the cylinder -LRB- axial resistors -RRB- or the surface -LRB- SMD resistors -RRB- .
'' AC\/DC '' is an abbreviation meaning '' alternating current\/direct current '' electricity .
Through soccer fanatics , D aji is viewed as perhaps one of the most underrated players in European football , partly because he played in Yugoslavia .
In his farewell address to the United Nations General Assembly , Secretary-General U Thant stated that he felt a '' great sense of relief bordering on liberation '' on relinquishing the '' burdens of office '' .
Born in Petersburg , Indiana , and raised in Evansville , Indiana , he was first a lawyer and then served as general for the Union in the American Civil War .
Apalachicola is a city in Franklin County , Florida , on US 98 about southwest of Tallahassee .
Like US-International , UK-Extended does not cater for many languages written with Latin characters , including Romanian and Turkish , or any using different character sets such as Greek and Russian .
image_skyline = TurnulChindiei .
The old cemetery caved into the river around 1937 .
The Kooks - '' Crazy '' -LRB- originally by Gnarls Barkley -RRB-
Both towns were isolated for several days and there was major disruption to the potable water supply and local agricultural production .
Year 1385 -LRB- MCCCLXXXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
In lawns and gardens , it can become a weed .
January 24 - NASA 's Opportunity , the second of the Mars Exploration Rovers , lands successfully on Mars .
Saint-Aignan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Ramon '' Raymond '' Luis Ayala Rodríguez -LRB- born February 3 , 1977 -RRB- , known artistically as Daddy Yankee , is a Latin Grammy Award winning Puerto Rican reggaeton recording artist .
Shannara Druids , an order of historians , philosophers , magic-users , teachers and researchers in the Shannara series of fantasy novels by Terry Brooks
Eoin Colfer 's Legend of the Worst Boy in the World -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB-
Track 3 , '' New Friend Request '' and track 8 , '' It 's OK , but Just this Once ! ''
The first single released from the album was '' Sanso Gateun Neo '' -LRB- -LRB- Love Like Oxygen -RRB- , lit .
These units are part of Alstom 's '' Juniper '' family of units , which also includes Classes 334 and 458 .
Assuming an albedo similar to 4 Vesta -LRB- around 0.4 -RRB- , suggests that the components are about 7 km across .
Legumes are the genera and species of the Magnoliophyta family Fabaceae in the order Fabales .
Branches of philosophy like logic devote much effort to distinguish the dubious , the probable and the certain .
For the 2009 season , Mercedes-Benz also supplied the Brawn GP and Force India teams with engines .
The Prime Minister of Australia is the head of government of the Commonwealth of Australia , holding office on commission from the Governor-General of Australia .
The seed of a higher plant is a small package produced in a fruit or cone after the union of male and female sex cells .
Transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell .
Nottingham -LRB- Unitary -RRB-
A pentatonic scale is a musical scale with five notes per octave in contrast to a heptatonic -LRB- seven note -RRB- scale such as the major scale and minor scale .
Zaandam -LRB- -RRB- is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland .
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Ferfay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Integration of a multi-core chip drives production yields down and they are more difficult to manage thermally than lower-density single-chip designs .
East Northamptonshire
This is a regional school district that incorporates two or more towns into one school department with one high school and middle school .
On August 24 , 1821 , representatives of the Spanish crown and Iturbide signed the Treaty of CÃ rdoba , which recognized Mexican independence under the terms of the Plan of Iguala .
Rodolpho Barteczko -LRB- 12 November 1910 â '' 13 March 1988 -RRB- , best known as Patesko , was a Brazilian football striker .
His language abilities allowed him to preach in English , French , and German , and his sermons were translated into over a dozen other languages .
Geography The lake was named after Edward John Eyre who was the first European to sight it in 1840 .
The city was essentially founded after Britain ceded the island to France in 1887 .
A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee . Coffee is brewed by placing the coffee and water together , stirring it and leaving to brew for a few minutes , then pressing the plunger to trap the coffee grounds at the bottom of the beaker .
KÅ ji Morisaki is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima of the J-League .
The story is about Aeneas 's search for a new homeland and his war to found a city .
Camiers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in France .
Elevators are generally powered by electric motors that either drive traction cables or counterweight systems like a hoist , or pump hydraulic fluid to raise a cylindrical piston like a jack .
Hemis National Park -LRB- or Hemis High Altitude National Park -RRB- is a high altitude national park in the Eastern Ladakh region of the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India .
Ame-no-Uzume-no-Mikoto is still worshipped today as a Shinto kami , spirits indigenous to Japan .
It was Chacornac 's discovery that was announced first .
Wernher von Braun was said to be the preeminent rocket engineer of the 20th century .
Examples include the Creative MuVo , Philips GoGear and the iPod shuffle .
Big Joe Turner was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
Rougeries is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
PETA2 \/O/ \/O/ Out There \/O/ \/O/ Top 10 Reasons PETA2 Loves Rise Against
Additionally , the influence of the cyclone lowered temperatures along the Indian coastline , which had been affected by a severe heat wave .
After aestivating in spring , the plant sends up five to eleven narrow and nearly vertical green leaves , each up to 40 c in length .
A year later she appeared on a NHK broadcast , and impressed the Japanese composer Masao Koga with her singing ability .
Biography Home Made Kazoku is a three member band consisting of members Micro , Kuro and founding member , DJ U-Ichi .
When she wins first prize in a local art competition for a portrait of Homer on the couch in his underwear , Mr. Burns commissions her to paint a portrait of him .
This single also helped Selena gain acceptance in Mexico and tour all over the country .
Year 7 -LRB- VII -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
These changes can be attributed to Robert McNamara who was appointed to the presidency in 1968 by Lyndon B. Johnson .
Kleptomania -LRB- from , kleptein , '' to steal '' , and Î 1\/4 Î Î 1\/2 Î Î , '' mania '' -RRB- is an irresistible urge to steal items of trivial value .
Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga -LRB- born May 23 , 1956 in Alonsotegi , Biscay -RRB- , Goiko for short , is a former Spanish footballer and a current coach .
Reductions in its extent began in 1753 , when the northern part of it became Rowan County .
During his 25-year tenure as Alabama 's head coach , he amassed six national championships and thirteen conference championships .
In 1790 he was elected United States Senator .
A by-product is a secondary or incidental product deriving from a manufacturing process , a chemical reaction or a biochemical pathway , and is not the primary product or service being produced .
October 9th is not associated with any particular event in Leif Erikson 's life .
Trains also depart for Zermatt from farther down the valley at Visp and Brig , which are on the main Swiss rail network .
Economic importance Although the Livingstone Falls prevent access from the sea , nearly the entire Congo is readily navigable in sections , especially between Kinshasa and Kisangani .
The Cat Who Sang for the Birds -LRB-/O1999/O-RRB-
Aside from Serling himself , who crafted nearly two-thirds of the series ' total episodes , writers for The Twilight Zone included leading genre authors such as Charles Beaumont , Richard Matheson , Jerry Sohl , George Clayton Johnson , Earl Hamner , Jr. , Reginald Rose , Harlan Ellison and Ray Bradbury .
This usage is n't consistent , as sometimes the term channel refers to an individual measured item , with parameter referring to the setup information about that channel .
Berne , Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States .
It has an area of 3,664 kmÂ and is divided into three administrative districts -LRB- arrondissements in French -RRB- containing 38 local authorities -LRB- communes in French -RRB- .
1897 & ndash ; Paavo Nurmi , Finnish runner -LRB- d. 1973 -RRB-
After the circulation dissipated , the remnant low continued its general west-northwest track to the south of a rebuilding subtropical ridge in the central Atlantic .
The Eye of the Heron is a 1978 science fiction novel by U.S. author Ursula K. Le Guin which was first published in the science fiction anthology Millennial Women .
The Boys -LRB- soundtrack album -RRB- , by The Necks , for the 1998 Australian film -LRB- see below -RRB-
The municipality had 468 inhabitants in 1798 and 5191 in 1970 .
Arad -LRB- ; , -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in Cri ana -LRB- most of it -RRB- and Banat -LRB- south of the Mures\/Maros river -RRB- , with the capital city at Arad -LRB- population : 185,272 -RRB- .
Terry '' Tank '' Johnson -LRB- born December 7 , 1981 in -RRB- is an American football defensive tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League .
Wood Green , opened September 19 , 1932 .
Classification Finnish is a member of the Baltic-Finnic subgroup of the Finno-Ugric group of languages which in turn is a member of the Uralic family of languages .
She is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where she appears on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Tiffany .
In 1509 Cranach went to the Netherlands , and painted the Emperor Maximilian and the boy who afterwards became Emperor Charles V. Until 1508 Cranach signed his works with his initials .
1945 , History of Western Philosophy and Its Connection with Political and Social Circumstances from the Earliest Times to the Present Day , New York : Simon and Schuster .
Blowfish in practice Blowfish is a fast block cipher , except when changing keys .
History '' Universal Music '' was once the music company attached to film studio Universal Pictures .
Jules Jean Baptiste Vincent Bordet -LRB- 13 June 1870 -- 6 April 1961 -RRB- was a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist .
An early and highly influential block cipher design was the Data Encryption Standard -LRB- DES -RRB- , developed at IBM and published as a standard in 1977 .
He was in charge of a museum in Subotica for the rest of his life .
The Singapore Arms and Flag and National Anthem Rules define the flag 's composition and the symbolism of its elements : red symbolises '' universal brotherhood and equality of man '' , and white , '' pervading and everlasting purity and virtue '' .
Perch have '' rough '' or ctenoid scales .
Year 1568 -LRB- MDLXVIII -RRB- was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar .
Because none of the major political events were changed in the book , Adichie said that the book contained '' emotional truth , '' and that the book showed the war had a significant impact upon the people of Nigeria .
The 1730s decade ran from January 1 , 1730 , to December 31 , 1739 .
The sixth and final season of the American serial drama television series Lost commenced airing in the United States and Canada on February 2 , 2010 .
ICD9 = -
For blocks shorter than 3 months , it is recommended that you do not duplicate this notice on a blocked IP 's talk page and instead use other user block templates to provide immediate notification to the vandal of the block .
The HPC serves as a center of excellence in quantitative precipitation forecasting , medium range forecasting -LRB- three to eight days -RRB- and the interpretation of numerical weather prediction models .
The title is referenced in the track '' My Apocalypse '' .
May 3 & ndash ; Pedro González de Mendoza , Spanish cardinal and statesman -LRB- d. 1495 -RRB-
In 1888 his mother , Pilar Defilló de Casals , who was born in Mayagüez , Puerto Rico of Catalonian ancestry , took him to Barcelona , where he enrolled in the Escola Municipal de Música .
Agneta went on to get the job as host for the show Fångarna på fortet which she and sport star Gunde Svan hosted together .
but grew up in Titusville , Florida , the son of a preacher with one brother and two sisters .
Leopold '' Butters '' Stotch is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park .
According to Maerz and Paul in their Dictionary of Color , the first recorded use of cerise as a color name in English was in 1858 .
Fluid mechanics can be divided into fluid kinematics , the study of fluid motion , and fluid dynamics , the study of the effect of forces on fluid motion , which can further be divided into fluid statics , the study of fluids at rest , and fluid kinetics , the study of fluids in motion .
Joseph Stalin wanted to bring all of Germany under Soviet influence , but when the West resisted this idea , he sought to create a united Germany which would be non-aligned -LRB- the '' Stalin Note '' -RRB- . When the West resisted these efforts , Stalin decided to focus his efforts on the Soviet occupation zone .
Niccolò di Bernardo dei Machiavelli -LRB- 3 May 1469 -- 21 June 1527 -RRB- was an Italian philosopher , writer , and politician and is considered one of the main founders of modern political science .
The film ranked number 16 on Entertainment Weeklys list of the 50 Best High School Movies .
C. B. Ferster & B. F. Skinner , -LRB-/O1957/O-RRB- Schedules of Reinforcement .
Formality is also determined by the type and color of accessories , the fabric , and the number or absence of kamon -LRB- family crests -RRB- , with five crests signifying extreme formality .
The Best is Yet to Come Pavarotti : The Best is Yet to Come , Interviewed by Lara Saint Paul : Penrith City Library Catalogue Pavarotti 's rise to stardom was not without occasional difficulties , however .
Yoshio Furukawa -LRB- born July 5 , 1934 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
His famous series of sixteen great designs for the ApocalypseJohannesapokalypse in klassischen Comics are dated 1498 .
John Tyler , Jr. -LRB- March 29 , 1790 January 18 , 1862 -RRB- was the tenth President of the United States -LRB- 1841 -- 1845 -RRB- and the first ever to obtain that office via succession .
Cetartiodactyla is the clade in which whales -LRB- including dolphins -RRB- and even-toed ungulates have currently been placed .
Forest of Marston Vale
It consists of the northern access channel of , the canal itself of and of the southern access channel of .
The Telling is a 2000 science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin set in her fictional universe of Hainish Cycle .
A shear stress , denoted -LRB- Greek : tau -RRB- , is defined as a stress which is applied parallel or tangential to a face of a material , as opposed to a normal stress which is applied perpendicularly .
The Class 91s were given the auxiliary name of InterCity 225 to indicate their envisaged top speed of 225 km\/h -LRB- 140 mph -RRB- .
The inauguration concert of the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra took place on April 28 , 1923 under the baton of maestro HristiÄ .
Unlike the previous Game Boy Advance models , Game Boy Micro is unable to support Game Boy and Game Boy Color titles .
It stars Leon Robinson , Doug E. Doug , Malik Yoba , and Rawle D. Lewis , with John Candy as Irv Blitzer , the retired bobsledder and coach of the Jamaican bobsledders .
It is commonly referred to as just '' Ja , vi elsker '' -LRB- '' Yes , we love '' -RRB- .
Justin Raymond Hoyte -LRB- born 20 November 1984 in Waltham Forest , England -RRB- is an English footballer who currently plays for Middlesbrough .
History Municipalities In the province , there are six municipalities -LRB- municipios -RRB- and seven municipal districts -LRB- distrito municipal -RRB- within them .
Reading Abbey is founded in England .
He was close to the Mozart family until 1778 , when contacts were broken off after he failed to make good on a promise to arrange an opera commission for Mozart at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples . Earlier , the Mozarts found his dynamic personality irrestisible .
Gösgen District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland , situated to the northeast of the canton .
He also starred that year in the smaller films Fandango and American Flyers .
_ Kornberg
The population of the metropolitan area was 265,974 inhabitants as per the 1999 census .
To artificially produce a light beam , a lamp and a parabolic reflector is used in many lighting devices such as spotlights , car headlights , PAR Cans and LED housings .
At in 2007 , she defeated Melina to win her first WWE Women 's Championship and became the first former Diva Search contestant to win a WWE title .
By the 16th century a more conventional leather shoe with separate wooden pieces on the heel and toe called '' flats '' became popular , from where the terms '' heel and toe '' and '' flat footing '' derive .
The law of conservation of mechanical energy states that if a body or system is subjected only to conservative forces the total mechanical energy of that body or system remains constant . In an isolated system where only conservation forces are acting , the total mechanical energy is conserved .
The '' borough '' of the opera is a fictional village which shares some similarities with Crabbe 's , and later Britten 's , own home Aldeburgh , on England 's east coast , around 1830 .
In 1900 , he formed a business partnership with his father to sell Woodmen of the World Insurance but was struck by severe laryngitis in March that resulted in a complete loss of speech .
This list of sex positions describes the sex positions which people may adopt for the purpose of sexual intercourse and other sexual acts .
He was so talented that he soon became a teaching assistant in Fétis 's class .
It is his fourth album release in the United States , and his fifth for Capitol Records .
Hurricane Pauline was the deadliest storm of the season .
In September 2006 Korchnoi won the 16th World Senior Chess Championship , held in Arvier -LRB- Valle dâ Aosta , Italy -RRB- , with a 9 â '' 2 score .
Escragnolles is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
It has been officially certified Platinum in Canada . .
On warm days vaporised Eucalyptus oil rises above the bush to create the characteristic distant blue haze of the Australian landscape .
The more than 3,000 prehistoric standing stones were hewn from local rock and erected by the pre-Celtic people of Brittany , and are the largest such collection in the world .
Gilbert is best known as a child actress who co-starred as Charles Ingalls 's -LRB- played by Michael Landon -RRB- second daughter , Laura Ingalls Wilder , on the dramatic television series Little House on the Prairie -LRB- 1974 â '' 1984 -RRB- .
In addition to -LRB- or in place of -RRB- the intended therapeutic effect of a treatment , a therapist may cause undesired -LRB- adverse -RRB- effects as well .
Tupigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Christian priests came and cursed them until they took a big stone and sailed away with it .
She is the queen each country separately , but she lives in the United Kingdom , her oldest '' realm '' .
Brideshead Revisited , The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder is a novel by the English writer Evelyn Waugh , first published in 1945 .
Wilsonian Armenia refers to the boundary configuration of the Armenian state in the Treaty of Sèvres , drawn by U.S. President Woodrow Wilson .
The continent of Gondwana was named by Austrian scientist , Eduard Suess , after the Gondwana region of central northern India -LRB- from Sanskrit gondavana '' forest of the Gonds '' -RRB- , from which the Gondwana sedimentary sequences -LRB- Permian-Triassic -RRB- are also described .
After finding sobriety and securing a stable line-up , Megadeth went on to release a string of platinum and gold albums , including the platinum-selling landmark Rust in Peace in 1990 and the Grammy nominated , multi-platinum Countdown to Extinction in 1992 .
Adults may experience discomfort or burning .
It operates between the United Kingdom and North America , the Caribbean , Africa , the Middle East , Asia , and Australia from main bases at London Heathrow and London Gatwick .
I always thought I could have done it better -- it was more my style than his .
It started with Super Mario Land 3 : Wario Land , the first game with Wario as a playable character , and gained many sequels .
The Network File System is an open standard defined in RFCs , allowing anyone to implement the protocol .
As a result of its location in the path of major sea routes , Sri Lanka is a strategic naval link between West Asia and South East Asia .
Following Monroe 's success in these roles , Hyde negotiated a seven-year contract for her with 20th Century Fox , shortly before his death in December 1950 .
These bombings resulted in the immediate deaths of around 120,000 people and more over time , because of the nuclear radiation .
With , it is about the size of Estonia , or half the size of Portugal , and has a variety of habitats including coastal planes , lakes , mountain forest , mangroves and many others .
'' Paracelsus '' , meaning '' equal to or greater than Celsus '' , refers to the Roman encyclopedist Aulus Cornelius Celsus from the first century known for his tract on medicine .
In 1644 , he received a charter creating the colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , named for the principal island in Narragansett Bay and the Providence settlement which provided a refuge for religious minorities .
Qi graduated with a major in physical education .
On the other hand , organizations such as MindFreedom International and World Network of Users and Survivors of Psychiatry maintain that psychiatrists exaggerate the evidence of medication and minimize the evidence of adverse drug reaction .
Into the coffers of that lot , What work creates has melted In demanding that they give it back The people wants only its due .
European harps in medieval and Renaissance times usually had a bray pin fitted to make a buzzing sound when a string was plucked .
Last of the Summer Wine premiered as an episode of Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973 and the first series of episodes followed on 12 November 1973 .
A Canadian buoy also recorded extremely high seas .
Framingham has three colleges , including Framingham State University and Massachusetts Bay Community College 's Framingham Campus .
By paying high tribute , Ivan won an important concession from the Khan .
They had less vinegar than modern ketchups ; by pickling ripe tomatoes , the need for benzoate was eliminated without spoilage or degradation in flavor .
Frévillers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Don Quixote is cited as the first classic model of the modern romance or novel , and it has served as the prototype of the comic novel .
Year 1685 -LRB- MDCLXXXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .
Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden , also known as Sophia Karlovna Buxhoeveden -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð '' Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð ` Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 , September 6 , 1883 - November 26 , 1956 -RRB- , was a lady in waiting to Tsarina Alexandra of Russia .
A frame allows a bowler two chances to knock down all ten pins .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
King Fahd died in July 2005 .
It was the search for Burke and Will that led to the opening up of the country for the pastoral industry .
Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address is itself referenced in another of those famed orations , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's '' I Have a Dream '' speech .
The Story of the Kelly Gang -LRB- 1906 -RRB- traces the life of the legendary Australian bushranger , Ned Kelly -LRB- 1855-1880 -RRB- .
31-32 at the age of 22 .
The River Tone is a river in Somerset , that flows through Taunton and joins the River Parrett .
Kournikova holds her racket in her right hand but uses both hands when she plays backhand shots .
Kadokawa Shoten
The Esperanto Wikipedia -LRB- , or -RRB- is the Esperanto edition of Wikipedia .
Yass is a town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Yass Valley Shire .
The green and yellow colors in the middle refer to the most commonly used of the four colors of the national flag to represent Brazil .
It is one of the best known eclipsing binaries , the first such star to be discovered , and also one of the first -LRB- non-nova -RRB- variable stars to be discovered .
As indicated by its initial name , the UMP generally supported the policies of President Chirac .
The name Glinde was first mentioned in a document dated from March 25 , 1229 .
In China , the PQ46 Passat was released by FAW-VW as the Magotan , after Volkswagen 's other joint venture in China , Shanghai Volkswagen had decided to continue using the B5 platform for the Passat and the Passat Lingyu -LRB- long-wheelbase Passat -RRB- .
MotojirÅ Kajii was a Japanese author in the early ShÅ wa period of Japan .
On 2 March 2008 , Dmitry Medvedev was elected President of Russia , whilst Putin became Prime Minister .
The IAEA was established as an autonomous organization on 29 July 1957 .
In 1986 , the album Emotional was released , produced by Rob and Ferdi Bolland -LRB- Bolland & Bolland -RRB- .
Abbottabad -LRB- -RRB- is a city located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Death Angel is a Filipino-American thrash metal band from Concord , California .
Other entertainment websites , including various gaming sites , were also blacked out , or had corresponding links to earthquake donations .
Categorization for articles on characters of the television series The Simpsons .
Alexander Andrijevski -LRB- born 10 August 1968 in Minsk , Soviet Union -RRB- is a former Belarusian professional ice hockey player who played one game in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Samuel '' Sam '' Allardyce -LRB- born 19 October 1954 -RRB- is an English football manager and former professional player .
to prepare oxygen ,
That is allowed by law because public domain software has no restrictions on derivative works -LRB- software which uses existing sofware and changes it to make it better -RRB- or anything , because public domain is no copyright at all .
In a post-election interview , Schottelkotte good-naturedly reminded Springer that he had declared Springer 's career over . Springer told the newsman , '' I 'm glad that you were wrong . ''
Lee Beom-seok -LRB- 1900 â '' 1972 -RRB- was the Korean independence activists and first prime minister of South Korea from 1948 to 1950 . For a time , he also headed the Korean Youth Corps -LRB- ì ì ë 1\/4 ì ì ë
_ Smoot
1792 - Godesberg becomes a spa resort .
Hidalgo and his remaining soldiers were captured in the state of Coahuila at the Wells of BajÃ n -LRB- Norias de BajÃ n -RRB- . He faced court trial of the Inquisition on 30 July 1811 .
About 70 percent of bats are insectivores .
Middle East
Tomonori Tateishi -LRB- born April 22 , 1974 in Chiba , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
This is shown when in 1990 , Brehme placed spot kick was taken with his right , but four years earlier in 1986 Brehme scored in the quarter final penalty shootout against Mexico , with a left foot piledriver .
It is also pronounced differently : a worldwide system used by blind and visually impaired people for reading and writing .
Since Wittgenstein thought that the Tractatus had solved all the problems of philosophy , he left philosophy and returned to Austria to train as a primary school teacher .
The first to fill the role , David Mellor , dubbed it '' Minister of Fun '' , and the position is currently held by Ben Bradshaw .
'' Picasa '' is a blend of the name of Spanish painter Pablo Picasso , the phrase mi casa for '' my house '' and '' pic '' for pictures -LRB- personalized art -RRB- .
1921 & ndash ; Alex Haley , American historian -LRB- d. 1992 -RRB-
The variations described below assume that you are already familiar with five-card stud and seven-card stud , and with the game play of poker in general .
There were two points into to the bunker -LRB- escape hatches -RRB- which were guarded by military police , and access was gained via the bottom level .
The former peaked at # 9 on Billboards Top Tracks chart and has remained a staple of pop , hard rock and classic rock radio for more than 25 years .
Here , the identity element is 1 , since 1 Ã -- a = a Ã -- 1 = a for any rational number a/O. The inverse of a is 1\/a , since a Ã -- 1\/a = 1 .
Two stars signifying the winning of the two European cups in 1983 were introduced over the badge in the 2005\/06 season .
As a central element it shows a golden aquila holding a cross in its beak and a mace and a sword in its claws .
However , since velocity is a vector , acceleration describes the rate of change of both the magnitude and the direction of velocity .
The Pipeline and Storage segment provides interstate natural gas transportation and storage services for affiliated and non-affiliated companies .
Located about 80 kilometers north of Venice , Belluno is the capital of the province of Belluno and the most important city in the Eastern Dolomiti 's region .
He was able to start the devolution process , and worked endlessly on creating the Scotland Act , popularly known as Smith 's '' unfinished business '' .
Perwez is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
In the course of developing this experiment , he coined the term Verschränkung -LRB- entanglement -RRB- .
The most important of these , the ' , involves the progressive nudging of the object balls down a rail , ideally moving them just a few centimeters on each count , keeping them close together and positioned at the end of each stroke in the same or near the same configuration such that the nurse can be replicated again and again .
Hugo Wolf -LRB- 13 March 1860 â '' 22 February 1903 -RRB- was an Austrian composer of Slovene origin , particularly noted for his art songs , or lieder .
Brindle is a coat coloring pattern in animals , particularly dogs , cats , cattle , crested geckos and , rarely , horses .
The Transcaucasus is bordered on the north by Russia , on the west by the Black Sea and Turkey , on the east by the Caspian Sea , and on the south by Iran .
KIPP-Blytheville , a charter school , is also in Blytheville . Blytheville also has a community college , Arkansas Northeastern College .
Starting from the 1980s , the region attracted an intense flux of immigrants , in particular from China .
These sixteen balls are split equally and randomly among four contestants , who place two balls on their front row and two on their back row .
Hamilton 's lead in the drivers ' championship was cut to two points , and a subsequent appeal by McLaren to the FIA World Motor Sport Council was rejected on the grounds that the case was inadmissible .
The music , attributed to Claudio Monteverdi , is a setting of a libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello .
Soon after the announcement of the lawsuit settlement , Jared and 30 Seconds To Mars told MTV News that their third album had its release date pushed back from April 2009 to some time in September 2009 .
Of humble parentage , he was educated at the college of the Oratorians of Troyes and Paris .
Charles Hardin Holley -LRB- September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 -RRB- , known professionally as Buddy Holly , was an American singer-songwriter and a pioneer of rock and roll .
Kansas City Royals -LRB- -RRB-
The ECSC was established in 1967 by the West Indies Associated States Supreme Court Order No. 223 of 1967 .
Vertrag zwischen der Bundesrepublik Deutschland und der Deutschen Demokratischen Republik über die Herstellung der Einheit Deutschlands -LRB- Einigungsvertrag -RRB-
August is the eighth month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
During the Second World War in 1937 , Tsinghua University along with Peking University and Nankai University , merged to form Changsha Temporary University in Changsha , and later National Southwestern Associated University in Kunming of Yunnan province .
It was replaced with Fabian in the 1985 season .
Les Bordes-Aumont is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Marussia Virgin Racing , the trading name of Manor Grand Prix Racing Limited , and formerly known simply as Virgin Racing , is a Formula One racing team , which made its debut in the 2010 Formula One season .
Hiroto Mogi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
The short airstrip is at the base of a gentle slope ending directly on the beach at St Jean .
In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books on economic policy , as well as two versions of his memoirs .
The men were quickly targeted over the next three tribal councils , leaving Chris as the sole male .
The Japanese given name naomi -LRB- pronounced nah-oh-mee -RRB- is composed of two Kanji characters : -LRB- nao -RRB- honest , straight and -LRB- mi -RRB- beautiful .
Punts were originally built as cargo boats or platforms for fowling and angling , but in modern times their use is almost exclusively confined to pleasure trips .
It was adapted into a film named Percy Jackson and the Olympians : The Lightning Thief which was released in the United States on February 12 , 2010 .
Only one unit was built , no. 89001 , which was officially named Avocet by the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on 16 January 1989 at Sandy , Bedfordshire - the home of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds -LRB- whose logo is an Avocet -RRB- .
It gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles -LRB- 490 km -RRB- south-southeast of Cape Cod and another was located 200 miles -LRB- 320 km -RRB- south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina .
Fourches is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In a referendum on July 6 , 2003 , a narrow majority of Corsican voters opposed a project from the government of Jean-Pierre Raffarin and then-Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy that would have suppressed the two dÃ partements of the island and granted greater autonomy to the territorial collectivity of Corsica .
It has a higher market price than green kiwifruit .
Males grow up to a body length of long and weigh up to .
Party may also refer to :
The degree is granted by medical schools .
It is also the birthplace of hockey Hall of Fame member Cecil '' Tiny '' Thompson .
The couple have three children and currently reside in Los Angeles .
This was before the establishment of the French Armenian Legion .
Saint-Laurent-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Grameen Bank is the only business corporation to have won a Nobel Prize .
Peake 's selection as VA secretary was announced on October 30 , 2007 .
By December 2006 , governments were reviewing the revised summary for policy makers .
Servignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Helsinki is the capital and largest city in Finland .
Some Rubies are colored the color shown below as rich carmine .
He arranged several works for oboe and orchestra for her , including a concerto by Handel .
The Mask : The Animated Series is a television animated series based on the comic book superhero , The Mask , but is a sequel to the 1994 film adaptation .
The Ohio State College of Medicine is located on the southern edge of the central campus .
In addition , the soap reduces evaporation , making the bubbles last longer , but this effect is relatively small .
The Catechism of the Catholic Church -LRB- or CCC -RRB- is the official text of the teachings of the Catholic Church .
It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island and the seat of the capital of the territory -LRB- Papeete -RRB- .
The Congo national football team , nicknamed the Diables Rouges -LRB- Red Devils -RRB- , is the national team of the Republic of the Congo and is controlled by the Fédération Congolaise de Football .
However , the Alliance for the Future of Austria announced the people 's initiative '' Preisstop jetzt ! ''
The show presents the Austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart .
They may be brick-and-mortar stores or internet only stores or a combination of both .
On his journey , he meets four young companions : Cera , a Three-Horn -LRB- Triceratops -RRB- ; Ducky , a Big Mouth -LRB- Saurolophus -RRB- ; Petrie , a Flyer -LRB- Pteranodon -RRB- ; and Spike , a Spike-Tail -LRB- Stegosaurus -RRB- .
Its 2000 population of 51,480 makes it the fourteenth largest city in Minnesota .
Before the Columbian Exchange , there were no oranges in Florida , no bananas in Ecuador , no paprika in Hungary , no tomatoes in Italy , no coffee in Colombia , no pineapples in Hawaii , no rubber trees in Africa , no cattle in Texas , no donkeys in Mexico , no chili peppers in Thailand and India , no cigarettes in France , and no chocolate in Switzerland .
Diagnosis can be made by sending a specimen , collected during the first five days for analysis .
A larger study started later by Franciszek Piper used timetables of train arrivals combined with deportation records to calculate 960,000 Jewish deaths and 140,000-150 ,000 ethnic Polish victims , along with 23,000 Roma and Sinti , a figure that has met with significant agreement from other scholars .
Its boundaries include Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , East Sussex , Hampshire , Isle of Wight , Kent , Oxfordshire , Surrey and West Sussex .
Evidence from sequencing mitochondrial DNA indicated that no significant gene flow occurred between H. neanderthalensis and H. sapiens , and , therefore , the two were separate species that shared a common ancestor about 660,000 years ago .
The show presents the Austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart .
Europa 's undergroun ocean was later confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo .
Poverty , social exclusion and war are at the heart of human trafficking .
There were cities in the vicinities of Beijing by the 1st millennium BC , and the capital of the State of Yan , one of the powers of the Warring States Period -LRB- 473-221 BC -RRB- , Ji , was established in present-day Beijing .
Some of these procedures are done for purely diagnostic purposes -LRB- e.g. , angiogram -RRB- , while others are done for treatment purposes -LRB- e.g. , angioplasty -RRB- .
Thomas Quasthoff won the Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Performance in 2000 .
Soundgarden Everman left Nirvana in July 1989 and joined Soundgarden the following year as Hiro Yamamoto 's temporary successor on bass .
Plot summary The story takes place at the castellated abbey of the '' happy and dauntless and sagacious '' Prince Prospero .
The opera is based on the novella Death in Venice by Thomas Mann .
Laika , a stray , originally named Kudryavka -LRB- Little Curly -RRB- , underwent training with two other dogs , and was eventually chosen as the occupant of the Soviet spacecraft Sputnik 2 that was launched into outer space on November 3 , 1957 .
CauÃ Santos da Mata , or simply CauÃ -LRB- born May 1 , 1986 -RRB- , is a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- midfielder .
She died seven weeks later , her system unprepared for the different nutritional and environmental conditions on the California mainland .
The text 's true authorship and date of composition or compilation are still debated .
In 1912 the Domowina , the organization of the Sorbs , was founded in the city .
Roundhay has a wide variety of housing .
Michael Shawn Hickenbottom -LRB- born July 22 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his ring name Shawn Michaels , is an former American professional wrestler , currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he has served in an ambassadorial role since December 2010 .
In Romanesque and Gothic Christian abbey , cathedral basilica and church architecture , the nave is the central approach to the high altar , the main body of the church .
On May 2 , 1720 , the town rights were approved by King August II , and the town was allowed to organize one fair a week and four markets a year .
The Tao Te Ching or Dao De Jing -LRB- -RRB- , whose authorship has been attributed to Laozi -LRB- -RRB- , is a Chinese classic text .
Its exclusive dealer in the US is ABC Companies .
In these countries , the CEO presides over the executive board and the chairperson presides over the supervisory board , and these two roles will always be held by different people .
-LRB- The date 1973 in the Musicweb review of the Melodiya recording of symphony 3 is probably a typographical error , since the publisher 's listing also gives 1975 for the first performance of that work . -RRB-
The album reached # 21 on the Billboard 200 chart , and is on the list of the top 100 best-selling albums of the 1980s .
The term flocking is usually used to refer to swarming behavior in birds , while the terms shoaling or schooling are used to refer to swarming behavior in fish .
The astronomical symbol for Mercury is a stylized version of Hermes ' caduceus .
Other towns Vansbro Leksand Mora Orsa Älvdalen Rättvik Tällberg Malung Sälen Idre National parks Färnebofjärden Fulufjället Hamra Töfsingdalen History The province was part of Svealand before Sweden was consolidated in the 11th century .
Complete body fossils have been formally described from the Lower Cambrian Maotianshan shales of Yunnan , China -LRB- Eognathacantha ercainella Chen & Huang and Protosagitta spinosa Hu -RRB- and the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia -LRB- Oesia disjuncta Walcott -RRB- .
Lorentz ' name is now associated with the Lorentz-Lorenz formula , the Lorentz force , the Lorentzian distribution , and the Lorentz transformation .
This is also called pseudorandomness and is the kind used in pseudo-random number generators .
Fredrick Aaron '' Fred '' Savage -LRB- born July 9 , 1976 -RRB- is an American actor , director and producer of television and film .
He started his football career in his local club SV Greifenburg and played 2002 till 2007 for SV Spittal\/Drau .
Borgloon gave its name to the former county of Loon .
For example , the year of the Yang Fire Rat occurred in 1936 and in 1996 , 60 years apart .
Origins of the term The name means below red -LRB- from the Latin infra , '' below '' -RRB- , red being the color of the longest wavelengths of visible light .
Basly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Swiss Grand Prix -- , After 1955 Le Mans disaster , the Swiss government banned auto races in its territory .
The Edsel never gained popularity with contemporary American car buyers and sold poorly .
The koala has large , sharp claws to assist with climbing tree trunks .
It is produced either by the flowers , in which it attracts pollinating animals , or by extrafloral nectaries , which provide a nutrient source to animal mutualists providing anti-herbivore protection .
Historic Scotland -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : Alba Aosmhòr -RRB- is an executive agency of the Scottish Government , responsible for historic monuments in Scotland .
An Invitation to Contemporary Japanese 1st edition McGraw-Hill 1993 , page 29 '' The Japanese Writing System -LRB-/O2/O-RRB- Katakana '' -LRB- called gairaigo -RRB- .
The town has a population of around 102,400 and is still growing .
The regulation of gene activity has developed into a very large sub-discipline of molecular biology , and in truth exhibits enormous variety in mechanism and many levels of complexity .
Occasionally , a single storm will produce more than one tornado , either simultaneously or in succession .
Tiktaalik is a genus of extinct sarcopterygian -LRB- lobe-finned '' fish '' -RRB- from the late Devonian period , with many features akin to those of tetrapods -LRB- four-legged animals -RRB- .
During his club career he played for Hessen Kassel .
Major battles during the Wars of Scottish Independence took place at the Stirling Bridge in 1297 and at the nearby village of Bannockburn in 1314 involving Scottish freedom fighters William Wallace and Robert the Bruce respectively .
Psychology To declare that a person is '' seeing through rose-colored glasses '' implies that they are an optimist , only seeing the good and neglecting to notice the bad .
Axell , p. 16 The names of four sub-units within the Kamikaze Special Attack Force were Unit Shikishima , Unit Yamato , Unit Asahi , and Unit Yamazakura .
Along the banks of the river , the presence of swamps and lakes provide a rich growing area for crops such as legumes , chillies , mustard , sesame , sugarcane , and jute .
In addition to numerous species of wild pig , the family includes the babirusa Babyrousa babyrussa and the warthog Phacochoerus aethiopicus .
Odyssey BMX , a BMX bicycle parts company
He began to study solfège , piano and violin at the age of eight ; harmony and composition from the age of sixteen .
It should be kept away from extremely cold drafts , and grows best in strong sunlight , therefore a greenhouse or row cover is ideal if available .
1979 & ndash ; The Hastie fire in Hull , kills three schoolboys and eventually leads police to arrest Bruce George Peter Lee .
Ella Jane Fitzgerald -LRB- April 25 , 1917 â '' June 15 , 1996 -RRB- , also known as the '' First Lady of Song '' and '' Lady Ella , '' was an American jazz and song vocalist .
May 23 & ndash ; The Second Defenestration of Prague & ndash ; Protestant noblemen hold a mock trial and throw two direct representatives of Ferdinand II of Germany -LRB- Imperial Governors -RRB- and their scribe out of a window into a pile of manure , exacerbating a low-key rebellion into the Bohemian Revolt -LRB- 1618 -- 1621 -RRB- precipitating the Thirty Years ' War into armed conflict and further polarizing Europe on religious grounds .
Within two years , she had remarried , this time to Frank McCarroll , the local station manager for the Southern Pacific Railroad .
Early Egyptian medicine was based mostly on a mixture of magic and religious spells .
Meppel Meppel received city rights in 1809 .
Pattan Kalan is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
It follows the adventures of humanity 's first Warp 5 starship , the Enterprise , ten years before the United Federation of Planets shown in previous Star Trek series was formed .
Magilton was sacked in April 2009 , and replaced by Roy Keane .
The band had been working on new material since January 2006 . By October 2007 , Armstrong had 45 songs written , but the band showed no further signs of progress until October 2008 , when two videos showing the band recorded in the studio with producer Butch Vig were posted on YouTube .
King Athelstan succeeds to the throne of Mercia .
Michael Gerard '' Mike '' Tyson -LRB- born June 30 , 1966 -RRB- is a retired American boxer .
Jérémie Aliadière -LRB- born 30 March 1983 -RRB- is a French footballer who plays as a striker .
Retrieved 01-28-2009 where he graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering .
Rocks of the Cenozoic era yield very large numbers of gastropod fossils , many of these fossils being closely related to modern living forms .
She transitioned to a film career , starring in several films aimed at teenage audiences , including She 's the Man -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- and Hairspray -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- .
El Gato Negro -LRB- The Black Cat -RRB- is the name of two fictional American comic book superheroes created by Richard Dominguez and featured in the Azteca Productions ' Universe .
Creative and performing arts Nearly all churches feature some form of worship music , whether from a choir , orchestra , or worship band , whether accompanied or a cappella .
The NIO is led by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , and is based in Northern Ireland at Stormont House .
The Daily Collegian -LRB- B -RRB- Ultra Beatdown review .
Punknews.org link
Soon after retaining the title in a feud with Eddie Guerrero , WWE.com reported that Batista suffered a muscle tear in his back at the taping for the November 11 edition of SmackDown !
The animal can withdraw completely into its shell and close the opening with a leathery hood formed from two specially folded tentacles .
He also goes so far as to describe two sets of clothing for her in his General Prologue .
Beveridge Post Office opened on 1 January 1865 .
Brasschaat is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of Antwerp . The municipality only comprises the town of Brasschaat proper .
The shores of the strait are heavily populated as the city of Istanbul -LRB- with a metropolitan area in excess of 11 million inhabitants -RRB- straddles it .
February 14 , 1943 -RRB- was a German mathematician , recognized as one of the most influential and universal mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
His style of dress is often referred to as dandyism , .
Despite its international fame , Basel 's population remains attached to Zoo Basel , which is entirely surrounded by the city of Basel .
Before the Spanish arrived , The Filipinos did not think of themselves as one people .
Discussions between Lavigne 's manager and film executives took place , and director Tim Burton agreed to let Lavigne write the song . Lavigne stated , '' I got off the phone , sat down at my piano at home , wrote the song immediately ; I was so inspired because I 'd been designing for the movie -LRB- ... -RRB- so I had all the images in my head . ''
William W. -LRB- Bill -RRB- Gothard -LRB- born November 2 , 1934 -RRB- is an American Christian minister , speaker and writer , and the founder of the Institute in Basic Life Principles , notable for his ultraconservative teachings .
Many mosques today will put the women behind a barrier or partition or in another room against most Islamic beliefs .
s second anniversary , the show received a new logo and set .
He studied conducting with his father at the Moscow Conservatory and piano with Lev Oborin .
Ferdinando was heir to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany , with the title Grand Prince , from his father 's accession in 1670 until his death in 1713 .
Until the late 1950s , the relationship was essentially that of two developing countries .
The band got their break after Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003 , and gave a copy of '' She 's Hearing Voices '' to both lead singer Alex Kapranos and BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq .
The interval between two notes in cents is the base-21 / 1200 logarithm of the frequency ratio -LRB- or 1200 times the base-2 logarithm -RRB- .
Norman Ernest Borlaug -LRB- March 25 , 1914 â '' September 12 , 2009 -RRB- was an American agronomist , humanitarian , and Nobel laureate who has been called '' the father of the Green Revolution '' . Borlaug was one of only six people to have won the Nobel Peace Prize , the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal .
-LRB- born September 14 , 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese pop singer associated with Hello !
A hairstyle , hairdo , '' lowering of the ears '' or haircut refers to the styling of hair , usually on the human head .
Gottlieben is a municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
This simple theme cadences , and is followed by a declamatory theme played by violins .
Combination -LRB- chess -RRB- , a relatively long sequence of chess moves
And\/Or Press , 1980 .
His father wanted him to go into the family grocery business , but Monet wanted to become an artist .
In 1978 the Canadian Grand Prix moved to its current home on Ã le Notre-Dame in Montreal .
Giannini AJ , Houser WL Jr , Loiselle RH , Giannini MC , Price WA .
The German name of the book was Diebe im Olymp -LRB- OCLC -RRB- .
Ouville-la-Bien-Tournée is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
-RRB-
The name Kentucky Bluegrass derives from its flower heads , which are blue when the plant is allowed to grow to its natural height of two to three feet .
It covers approximately 2,000,000 kmÂ -LRB- 772,200 sq mi -RRB- and is inhabited by about roughly 100 million people -LRB- Ethiopia : 85 million , Somalia : 9.3 million , Eritrea : 5.2 million , and Djibouti : 0.86 million -RRB- .
She gave an interview in which she discussed the circumstances that led to her posing for the photographs , and the resulting publicity elicited a degree of sympathy for her plight as a struggling actress .
The cave contains the oldest known cave paintings , based on radiocarbon dating of '' black from drawings , from torch marks and from the floors '' , according to Jean Clottes .
There are two types of subatomic particles : elementary particles , which are not made of other particles , and composite particles .
The Kia Carens is a compact MPV launched in 1999 by the Korean manufacturer Kia and marketed worldwide under various nameplates , prominently as the Kia Rondo .
The university in the county town of Oxford -LRB- whose name came from Anglo-Saxon Oxenaford = '' ford for oxen '' -RRB- grew in importance during the Middle Ages and early modern period .
Aubel is a Belgian municipality located in the Walloon province of Liège .
An American schooner blew ashore at Boca Raton , killing three and leaving the rest of the crew stranded for 12 hours until help arrived .
Froideville
It drifted through Central America , reformed in the Bay of Campeche , and ultimately struck Florida as a strong tropical storm .
While Ferrari 's Michael Schumacher had won the 2002 championship by 67 points from his team-mate Rubens Barrichello , the 2003 season was much closer .
Operation Brassard The Invasion Of Elba More recently , the island has become famed for its wine .
It is located in the south district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria , near the border with Austria , some 30 km south of Salzburg and 180 km southeast of Munich .
For example , few speakers of Interlingua consider their language artificial , since they assert that it has no invented content : Interlingua 's vocabulary is taken from a small set of natural languages , and its grammar is based closely on these source languages , even including some degree of irregularity ; its proponents prefer to describe its vocabulary and grammar as standardized rather than artificial or constructed .
That same year he traveled through France , the Netherlands and Germany .
Ski lifts operate year-round at Mount Buller allowing bikers to easily get to the top of downhill mountain biking runs .
Medicinally , saffron has a long history as part of traditional healing ; modern medicine has also discovered saffron as having anticarcinogenic -LRB- cancer-suppressing -RRB- , anti-mutagenic -LRB- mutation-preventing -RRB- , immunomodulating , and antioxidant-like properties .
Ness is also a playable character in Super Smash Bros. .
Historic Sabellianism taught that God the Father was the only true existence of the Godhead , a belief known as Monarchianism .
Roman Jacek Giertych -LRB- ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland -RRB- is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
16 313 to 399 Emperor Nintoku Oho Sazaki no Mikoto Inaccurate dates .
\/O/ The priest ... shall offer it .
In 2003 , she moved to South Korea and started training at the age of fourteen .
Various funeral homes assisted with transporting bodies to Melbourne .
The Rhön Mountains are a group of low mountains in central Germany , located around the border area where the states of Hesse , Bavaria and Thuringia come together .
The London Convention , which prevents sea dumping , expires .
The Andasol solar power station is Europe 's first commercial parabolic trough solar thermal power plant , located near Guadix in the province of Granada , Spain .
Gypsy , West Virginia
During World War I , Olga nursed wounded soldiers in a military hospital until her own nerves gave out and , thereafter , oversaw administrative duties at the hospital .
3 Inches of Blood is a Canadian heavy metal band from in Vancouver , British Columbia , formed in 1999 .
James Strom Thurmond -LRB- December 5 , 1902 -- June 26 , 2003 -RRB- was an American politician who served as governor of South Carolina and as a United States Senator .
He is the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom , a role he was appointed to in May 2010 , and has been the Member of Parliament for Tatton since 2001 .
Helmut Rahn , known as Der Boss -LRB- The Boss -RRB- , -LRB- 16 August 1929 in Essen -- 14 August 2003 -RRB- was a German football player .
Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Underground station is on the Bank branch of the Northern Line between and , and also on the Circle , Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan Lines , between and .
He lived until 1998 to the age of 101 .
Graham John Yost -LRB- born September 5 , 1959 -RRB- is a Canadian film and television screenwriter .
It is situated on the banks of the Kama River , in the European part of Russia near the Ural Mountains .
Kendrick is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
Lytham Road closed in 1961 , Marton in 1962 , and the tramroad line on Dickson Road to North Station in 1963 .
A subsequent migration within and out of Africa eventually replaced the earlier dispersed H. erectus .
'' To the Fairies They Draw Near , Part II '' - Loreena McKennitt
Eisenstein felt the '' collision '' of shots could be used to manipulate the emotions of the audience and create film metaphors .
It runs partly on the surface and partly at deep level , from Elephant and Castle in the south-east to Harrow & Wealdstone in the north-west of London .
Accepted as a dwarf planet on July 11 , 2008 .
People or groups named Flame include :
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
In 1820 , the family moved a few miles to Haworth , where Patrick had been appointed Perpetual Curate .
In addition , every state and union territory has its own official languages , and the constitution also recognises in particular 21 other languages that are either abundantly spoken or have classical status .
Younha was once again chosen to be an anime theme songstress for Kiba .
Tebow keeps promise to team , fans , God , The Sports Network , January 9 , 2009 It has also been called the '' Gospel in a nutshell '' Max Lucado Launches John 3:16 Movement , Christian Post , Jan 8 , 2008 .
She has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly since 1995 , representing the electorate of South Brisbane .
Levi Lincoln , Sr. -LRB- May 15 , 1749 â '' April 14 , 1820 -RRB- was an American revolutionary and statesman who served as a Minuteman at the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War , a state legislator in Massachusetts , a participant in Massachusetts ' state constitutional convention , Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts , a U.S. Representative , Attorney General for President Thomas Jefferson and Acting Secretary of State .
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
He was placed second on TV Guide 's 2002 Top 50 Greatest Cartoon Characters , behind Bugs Bunny ; fifth on Bravo 's 100 Greatest TV Characters , one of only four cartoon characters on that list ; and first in a Channel 4 poll of the greatest television characters of all time .
He was born in 633\/632 BC and his birth name was Shallum .
As a Democratic-Republican he was selected as the fifth Vice President of the United States of America , serving under James Madison , from March 4 , 1813 , until his death a year and a half later .
Vodafone is a British mobile network operator with its headquarters in Newbury , Berkshire , England , UK .
In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer -LRB-/O1952/O-RRB- , and professor -LRB-/O1962/O-RRB- .
Since its original album release , '' A Day in the Life '' has been released as a B-side , and also on various compilation albums .
Benjamin Franklin , London , June 17 , 1758 In 1820 , British scientist and inventor Michael Faraday discovered that compressing and liquefying ammonia could chill air when the liquefied ammonia was allowed to evaporate .
An adjacent site , Fontana Ranuccio , was dated to 487,000 + \/O/ - 6000 years and Muttoni et al . suggest that Ceprano is most likely 450,000 years old .
The Movie left off , Lilo and Stitch are given the task of collecting the rest of Jumba 's missing experiments , changing them from bad to good , and finding the one place where they truly belong .
Les Loges-Saulces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Death masks were taken not only of deceased royalty and nobility -LRB- Henry VIII , Sforza -RRB- , but also of eminent personsâ '' poets , philosophers , and dramaturges , such as Dante , Filippo Brunelleschi , Torquato Tasso , Blaise Pascal and Voltaire .
Activists in Portugal , Australia , the United States , and elsewhere pressured their governments to take action , with US President Bill Clinton eventually threatening Indonesia , in dire economic straits already , with the withdrawal of IMF loans .
BBC Radio 7 -LRB- known until 4 October 2008 as BBC 7 -RRB- is a British digital radio station broadcasting comedy , drama , and children 's programming nationally 24 hours a day .
The Odyssey -LRB- album -RRB- , by Symphony X , or the title song -LRB- see below -RRB-
DeMarcus Cousins -LRB- born August 13 , 1990 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player with the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association .
Pierre Boulle -LRB- 20 February 1912 â '' 30 January 1994 -RRB- was a French novelist largely known for two famous works , The Bridge over the River Kwai -LRB- 1952 -RRB- and Planet of the Apes -LRB- 1963 -RRB- .
The opera company which was founded under Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has been in existence since 1653 .
web link or Mongolian -RRB- , also known as the boreal forest , is a biome characterized by coniferous forests .
Vigna angularis var .
It is cultivated there and in Southeast Asia , where it was introduced by the Spanish in the 17th century .
The pyramid then proceeds through the various trophic levels to the apex predators at the top .
However , he also wanted to stand for consul , the most senior magistracy in the republic .
â Î Î Î Î Î â Î -LRB- talk -RRB- 08:49 , 11 June 2008 -LRB- UTC -RRB-
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 200 .
Henrique Hilário Meireles Alves Sampaio -LRB- born 21 October 1975 -RRB- , known as Hilário , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Premier League club Chelsea , as a goalkeeper .
Using the once popular vortex theory of gravity the possibility of matter with negative gravity was discussed by William Hicks in the 1880s .
He graduated with a law degree -LRB- cand .
Trochinbrod - -LRB- Zofiowka -RRB- -LRB- translated from Hebrew by Karen Engel -RRB-
LÃ 1\/4 beck managed to remain neutral in the Thirty Years ' War , but with the devastation caused by the decades-long war and the new transatlantic orientation of European trade , the Hanseatic League and thus LÃ 1\/4 beck lost importance . After the Hanseatic League was de facto disbanded in 1669 , LÃ 1\/4 beck remained an important trading town on the Baltic Sea .
Cairanne is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France whose inhabitants were locally nicknamed leis afrontaires de Cairana , the cheeky ones from Cairanne .
Rather , the teacher drilled students in the use of grammar .
The water surface area is 1.68 kmÂ .
In Greek mythology , the Nereids -LRB- , ; -RRB- are sea nymphs , the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris .
The worst single loss of life took place on Tuesday 19 December 1944 , when the 367th Vergeltungswaffe 2 or V2 rocket to hit England fell on a residential street -LRB- Henry Road -RRB- near the Hoffmans ball bearing factory and not far from the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company factory in New Street which may also have been the target .
He was inducted into the American Quarter Horse Association 's -LRB- AQHA -RRB- Hall of Fame in 2008 .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee awards the Nobel Peace Prize each year .
The show was on TV for five seasons on The WB Network before moving to UPN for its last two seasons .
Some volume managers allow LVs to be resized in either direction while online .
Landscape comprises the visible features of an area of land , including physical elements such as landforms , living elements of flora and fauna , abstract elements like lighting and weather conditions , and human elements like human activity and the built environment .
Jack Davenport -LRB- born 1 March 1973 -RRB- is an English actor , best known for his roles in the television series This Life , Coupling and the Pirates of the Caribbean series of films .
Dieter Burdenski -LRB- born 26 November 1950 in Bremen , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player .
If both contestants choose the split ball , the jackpot is split equally between them .
Coulomby is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Fiji have won the tournament twice .
Jet nozzle , used on gas cookers and many other applications
Vlad used severe methods to restore order , as he needed an economically stable country if he was to have any chance against his external enemies .
Sallebœuf is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Yellowstone National Park has a mountainside containing obsidian located between Mammoth Hot Springs and the Norris Geyser Basin , and deposits can be found in many other western U.S. states including Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico , Texas , Utah , Washington , Oregon and Idaho .
Cierges is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger , Norway which incorporates a mixture of gothic metal and symphonic metal , as well as extreme metal and death metal elements .
He graduated in 2002 with a film degree from Wesleyan University where he served as president of the Eclectic Society .
-- -RRB-
For it to function properly , however , you need to add the following to your monobook .
Riboflavin is continuously excreted in the urine of healthy individuals , making deficiency relatively common when dietary intake is insufficient .
American Samoa and Pago Pago International Airport had historic significance with the U.S. Apollo Program .
The controversial barcode designed was recently removed by Ferrari for the start of the Spanish Grand Prix in the 2010 season but the barcode remains on drivers team gear .
of the dawn , who rose from her home at the edge of Oceanus , the Ocean that surrounds the world , to herald her brother Helios , the sun .
Since Minamoto no Yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the Shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the Emperors of Japan by western countries .
Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly -LRB- September 24 , 1898 -- March 3 , 1990 -RRB- was an American astronomer .
There is also a shorter version of the jointer plane known as the fore plane which is around 18 i long .
The Lombardi Program on Measuring University Performance at Arizona State University detailed analysis and rankings of American universities currently places Ohio State as the 24th ranked university in America , the 10th ranked public university in the country and the top overall university in Ohio .
The ocelot -LRB- Leopardus pardalis -RRB- , pronounced \/O/ Ë É 's É Ë lÉ ' t \/O/ , also known as the dwarf leopard or McKenney 's wildcat is a wild cat distributed over South and Central America and Mexico , but has been reported as far north as Texas and in Trinidad , in the Caribbean .
This 8 bar section was later used by Schubert as theme for a set of variations forming the second movement of the Wanderer Fantasy .
ForÄ Å ti is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
India is a federal union of states comprising twenty-eight states and seven union territories .
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which struck the Canary Islands as a strong extratropical storm causing significant damage and then crossed over Morocco with little impact there .
Isleham is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Cambridgeshire .
The Twins moved to Target Field for the 2010 Major League Baseball season after 28 seasons at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome .
Saint-Christophe-du-Luat is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is a diverse group that includes tyrannosaurs , ornithomimosaurs , and maniraptors ; Maniraptora includes birds , the only descendents of coelurosaurs alive today .
Life After Life is a 1975 book written by psychiatrist Raymond Moody .
Basil is one of the main ingredients in pesto -- a green Italian oil-and-herb sauce .
In 2000 , Dushku starred alongside Kirsten Dunst in the hit cheerleader comedy Bring It On .
The church was consecrated in 1238 by the first bishop of Valencia after the Reconquista , Pere d'Albalat , Archbishop of Tarragona , and was dedicated by order of James I the Conqueror to Saint Mary .
He was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , along with Craig C. Mello , for the discovery of RNA interference -LRB- RNAi -RRB- .
This article is about the '' Circles '' -LRB- Kreise -RRB- of Germany .
Polyps may be solitary or colonial , and some bud asexually by various means , making more polyps .
Zandhoven is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The mosque was constructed in 1527 by order of Babur , the first Mughal emperor of India .
Formula One portal The 2005 Formula One season was the 56th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
They include Chasing Dreams , Bull Durham , Field of Dreams , For Love of the Game and The Upside of Anger , in which his character is a former pro baseball player .
Internet Explorer was to be omitted from Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 in Europe but Microsoft ultimately included it , with a browser option screen allowing users to select any of several web browsers -LRB- including Internet Explorer -RRB- .
King Louis-Philippe -LRB- July Monarchy France -RRB-
Biography Christopher Paolini was raised in the Paradise Valley , Montana area .
Westphalia is a region in Germany , centred on the cities of Arnsberg , Bielefeld , Bochum , Detmold , Dortmund , Gelsenkirchen , Hagen , Minden and MÃ 1\/4 nster and included in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
La Chapelle-du-Ch âtelard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Elgersburg is a municipality in the district Ilm-Kreis , in Thuringia , Germany .
Instead he concentrated on conducting , and appeared at Covent Garden and in BBC radio broadcasts , and accompanied the ballet in European and American tours .
Cantor -LRB- crater -RRB- , a lunar crater
Royon is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The band 's most recent album , Shaka Rock , was released on August 19 , 2009 .
McRae , A. 1998 .
William Sterndale Bennett was born in Sheffield , the son of Robert Bennett , the local Cathedral organist .
The document was drafted by a committee consisting of representatives John Adams of Massachusetts , Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania , Thomas Jefferson of Virginia , Robert R. Livingston of New York and Roger Sherman of Connecticut .
A. ajax Marsh , 1877 -LRB- type -RRB-
Set before , during , and immediately after the American Civil War , they are based on the 1980s trilogy of novels North and South by John Jakes .
A group home is a private residence designed or converted to serve as a non-secure home for unrelated persons who share a common characteristic .
, Berkeley , California , United States
The surrender was made complete on February 1 , and the remaining Dutch East India Company personnel left Taiwan on February 17 .
Ray Comfort Food official Blogger The Way of the Master the website for his ministry with Kirk Cameron .
April 23 -- 212th anniversary of William Shakespeare 's birth , and 160th anniversary of his death .
The Chicago Bears have the most Hall of Famers in the league at 27 .
In 1975 , Marley had his international breakthrough with his first hit outside Jamaica , '' No Woman , No Cry , '' from the Natty Dread album .
The term may also be applied to other granular materials .
The numbered keys used are '' 1 '' , '' 4 '' , and '' 7 '' for green notes , '' 2 '' , '' 5 '' , and '' 8 '' for red notes , and '' 3 '' , '' 6 '' , and '' 9 '' for yellow notes .
Singles match 1 The Rockers -LRB- Shawn Michaels and Marty Jannetty -RRB- defeated The Barbarian and Haku -LRB- with Bobby Heenan -RRB- .
Though founded in 1887 , under Jack Hyles ' leadership from 1959 & ndash ; 2001 it became one of the megachurches in the United States and during the 1970s had the highest Sunday school attendance of any church in the world .
Darlington has a population of 97,838 as of 2001 .
Cleo Virginia Andrews -LRB- June 6 , 1923 â '' December 19 , 1986 -RRB- , better known as V. C. Andrews or Virginia C. Andrews , was an American novelist .
Lowry was later named to the Atatürk chair of Ottoman Studies at Princeton University , which had been endowed with a $ 750,000 grant from the Republic of Turkey .
Saint Bernard of Clairvaux preaches the Second Crusade at Vezelay , Burgundy .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when referring to platform-dependent parts of language features or libraries . Machine code should not be confused with so called '' bytecode '' , which is executed by an interpreter .
The most commonly encountered family relationship describes Horus as the son of Isis and Osiris but in another tradition Hathor is regarded as his mother and sometimes as his wife .
The first power plants were run on water power or coal , Pearl Street Station : The Dawn of Commercial Electric Power and today we rely mainly on coal , nuclear , natural gas , hydroelectric , and petroleum with a small amount from solar energy , tidal harnesses , wind generators , and geothermal sources .
Carlo Gesualdo , known as Gesualdo da Venosa -LRB- March 8 , 1566 -- September 8 , 1613 -RRB- , Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza , was an Italian music composer , lutenist and nobleman of the late Renaissance .
The drivers are named subwoofers -LRB- for very low frequencies -RRB- ; woofers -LRB- low frequencies -RRB- ; mid-range speakers -LRB- middle frequencies -RRB- ; tweeters -LRB- high frequencies -RRB- ; and sometimes supertweeters , optimized for the highest audible frequencies .
1993 & ndash ; North Korea nuclear weapons program : North Korea says that it plans to withdraw from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and refuses to allow inspectors access to its nuclear sites .
Henry Tudor became King Henry VII and married Elizabeth of York .
They are usually powered by small AAA or AA size batteries .
Unapproved Accrediting Bodies , State of Michigan , revised February 9 , 2009
From 457 to 486 , under Aegidius and his son Syagrius , Noviodunum was the capital of the '' Kingdom of Soissons '' , until it fell to the Frankish king Clovis I in the Battle of Soissons .
There are 163 Verbandsgemeinden in Rhineland-Palatinate , which are grouped into the 24 districts and subdivided into nearly 2200 Ortsgemeinden .
The Wehrmacht -LRB- Defence Force -RRB- was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
Today the theater is recognized as one of the leading opera and ballet theaters in the world and is home to the La Scala Theatre Chorus , La Scala Theatre Ballet and La Scala Theatre Orchestra .
Academically , Cambridge is consistently ranked in the world 's top five universities and as the best university in Europe .
In many countries like Singapore where Muslims are not the majority , mosques are prohibited from loudly broadcasting the call to prayer -LRB- adhan -RRB- , although it is supposed to be said loudly to the surrounding community .
Its widest width is .
The Bucket List is a 2008 comedy-drama film directed by Rob Reiner , written by Justin Zackham , and starring Academy Award-winners Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman .
Penis length did not influence slippage , but penis circumference and broken condoms were strongly correlated , with larger sizes increasing the rate of breakage .
The department is headed by the United States Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis is the current Secretary of Labor .
Repnin also demanded religious freedom for the Protestant and Orthodox Christians , and the resulting reaction among some of Poland 's Roman Catholics , as well as the deep resentment of Russian intervention in the Commonwealth 's domestic affairs , led to the War of the Confederation of Bar from 1768 â '' 1772 , where the Poles tried to expel Russian forces from Commonwealth territory .
Former = Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations
The remaining man escapes .
The vote was a consequence of an impasse in the Security Council in which the US refused to accept any candidate but Lie while the Soviet Union refused to consider Lie due to his involvement in the Korean War .
Watigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Several steps in the gene expression process may be modulated , including the transcription , RNA splicing , translation , and post-translational modification of a protein .
January 2002 saw the release of Start -LRB- è é é -RRB- , a collection of songs , many of which are cover versions .
Meilen District is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
Further appendages are found on the abdomen , with each segment capable of carrying a pair of biramous pleopods , the last of which form part of the tail fan -LRB- together with the telson -RRB- and are called uropods .
In 2004 , the Allens department store chain in New South Wales and the ACT was taken over by Harris Scarfe from the Allen family .
Using a powder compact , he fashioned a small house for the tiny doll .
Overview and basic concepts In typical SNMP use , one or more administrative computers have the task of monitoring or managing a group of hosts or devices on a computer network .
Jerome Allen '' Jerry '' Seinfeld -LRB- born April 29 , 1954 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , actor and writer , best known for playing a semi-fictional version of himself in the situation comedy Seinfeld -LRB- 1989 -- 1998 -RRB- , which he co-created and co-wrote with Larry David , and , in the show 's final two seasons , co-executive-produced .
Butterflies are a natural monophyletic group , often given the sub-order Rhopalocera , which includes Papilionoidea -LRB- true butterflies -RRB- , Hesperiidae -LRB- skippers -RRB- , and Hedylidae -LRB- butterfly moths -RRB- .
The pound-force -LRB- symbol : lbF , from Latin libra ` pound ' and the symbol for force -RRB- is a unit of force in systems of measurement including English Engineering units and British Gravitational units .
It borders Östergötland , Närke , Västmanland and Uppland .
Burgundy is a shade of purplish red associated with the Burgundy wine of the same name , which in turn is named after the Burgundy region of France .
While process advances will allow ever greater numbers of functional units -LRB- e.g. , ALUs -RRB- , the burden of checking instruction dependencies grows so rapidly that the achievable superscalar dispatch limit is fairly small .
He drives for Red Bull Racing alongside Australian Mark Webber in the 2010 season .
In archaeology , a biface is a two-sided stone tool and is used as a multi purposes knife , manufactured through a process of lithic reduction , that displays flake scars on both sides .
She married him in 1821 .
Minneola is a city in Lake County , Florida , United States .
This character resembles the comic books ' character Quill ; however , the official cast credits read '' Kid Omega '' , although the writers on the DVD commentary give no doubt that it is , in fact , Quill .
In 1980 , the airport was renamed to Atatürk International Airport in honor of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk , the founder and the first president of the Republic of Turkey .
The common names of true flies are written as two words , e.g. , crane fly , robber fly , bee fly , moth fly , fruit fly . The common names of non-dipteran insects that have '' fly '' in their name are written as one word , e.g. , butterfly , stonefly , dragonfly , scorpionfly , sawfly , caddisfly , whitefly .
Spyro : Enter the Dragonfly or Spyro 4 is the fourth game in the Spyro series . It is the first Spyro game for the sixth generation consoles , PlayStation 2 and GameCube , and the first console Spyro game not developed by Insomniac Games .
Alice receives mysterious directions from the Cheshire Cat -LRB- Sterling Holloway -RRB- , an eerily grinning feline that can disappear and reappear at will , which lead her to the garden of the March Hare -LRB- Jerry Colonna -RRB- , who is celebrating his '' unbirthday '' with the Mad Hatter -LRB- Ed Wynn -RRB- and the Dormouse .
At Cosimo 's suggestion , Galileo changed the name to Medicea Sidera -LRB- '' the Medician stars '' -RRB- , honouring all four Medici brothers -LRB- Cosimo , Francesco , Carlo , and Lorenzo -RRB- .
He is considered to have been the world leading chess player in 1850 's & 1860 's .
Since bursting onto the international stage at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , he has become well-known for his knack of scoring headers and his front-flip goal celebration routine .
It flows east across the plains of Montana into North Dakota , then turns southeast , flowing into South Dakota , and along the north and eastern edge of Nebraska , forming part of its border with South Dakota and all of its border with Iowa , flowing past Sioux City and Omaha .
Cruise ships are organized much like floating hotels , with a complete hospitality staff in addition to the usual ship 's crew .
The impact left a crater approximately 23 k in diameter , which was a lake for several million years .
Charlize Theron -LRB- ; born 7 August 1975 -RRB- is a South African actress , film producer and former fashion model .
Rick Rubin was nominated for '' Producer of the Year , Non-Classical '' for his work on Death Magnetic , as well as other albums this past year .
Year 1787 -LRB- MDCCLXXXVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a common year starting on Friday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
By Topic Religion The Pantheon is consecrated to the Virgin Mary and all saints by Pope Boniface IV -LRB- or 610 -RRB- .
Additionally , during this time seminal Texas based bands , The Dicks and MDC , relocated from Austin to San Francisco .
Tracks 1 , 4 , and 6 produced and mixed by Mudrock and Mike Shinoda .
The Feldkirch Poetry Award , in German Feldkircher Lyrikpreis , started by Erika Kronabitter , an Austrian artist and writer , is granted annually by the theater Theater am Saumarkt in Feldkirch , Vorarlberg\/Austria .
After this strategy gave the SPD an unexpectedly clear victory at the polls in September 1998 , he was appointed Federal Minister of Finance in the first government of Gerhard SchrÃ der .
The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield versus John Cena for the WWE Championship , which Cena won by pinfall after performing an FU .
Energy conservation refers to efforts made to reduce energy consumption . Energy conservation can be achieved through increased efficient energy use , in conjunction with decreased energy consumption and\/or reduced consumption from conventional energy sources .
The airport serves as a focus city for AirTran Airways , American Airlines , JetBlue Airways and US Airways .
La BernardiÃ re is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The Itza maintained their capital at Tayasal -LRB- also known as Noh Petén -RRB- , an archaeological site thought to underlay the modern city of Flores , Guatemala on Lake Petén Itzá .
She has achieved seven Billboard Top 40 hits , and has three gold and two multi-platinum RIAA-certified albums .
Puisieux-et-Clanlieu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Belleydoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
1901 & ndash ; An exhibition of seventy-one Vincent van Gogh paintings in Paris , 11 years after his death , creates a sensation .
Founded in Spain in 1928 by the Catholic priest St. Josemaría Escrivá , Opus Dei was given final approval in 1950 by Pope Pius XII .
The first vehicle in the Hummer range was the Hummer H1 , based on the Humvee .
It is likely that King Henry IV ordered the death of Richard by starvation to prevent further uprisings .
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27 , 1947 .
In 2004 , the Burnside sons opened Burnside Blues Cafe , located 30 miles southeast of Memphis at the intersection of U.S. Highway 78 and Mississippi Highway 7 in Holly Springs , Mississippi .
JoÃ # o Justino Amaral dos Santos , best known as Amaral -LRB- born in Campinas , SÃ # o Paulo State , December 25 , 1954 -RRB- is a former football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
The Maghen Abraham Synagogue -LRB- - '' KanÄ '' s MÄ ` ghÄ '' n AbrÄ ` hÄ m '' ; - '' Beth HaKenesset Maghen Abraham '' -RRB- , is the oldest synagogue in Beirut , Lebanon .
The shells of cowries are almost always smooth and shiny and more or less egg-shaped , with a long , narrow , slit-like opening -LRB- aperture -RRB- .
The Zambia national football team represents the country of Zambia in the sport of association football and is governed by the Football Association of Zambia . Before independence they were known as the Northern Rhodesia national football team .
Unlike mercury -LRB- II -RRB- chloride it is hardly soluble in water -LRB-
Takayuki Nakahara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vegalta Sendai .
In the specialised usage of astronomy and astrophysics , the term '' metal '' is often used to refer to any element other than hydrogen or helium , including substances as chemically non-metallic as neon , fluorine , and oxygen .
Europe is reported to have around 52 million inhabitants .
As with drip-brewed coffee , French pressed coffee can be brewed to any strength by adjusting the amount of ground coffee which is brewed .
The violence resulted in the killing of 20,000 to 30,000 Haitian civilians over a span of approximately five days .
Definition Historically , the term has denoted a kept woman , who was maintained in a comfortable -LRB- or even lavish -RRB- lifestyle by a wealthy man so that she will be available for his sexual pleasure .
Grendel returned to the bog to die and his arm was attached to the wall of Heorot .
This appears to be the official state religion of the colonies ; government oaths refer to the gods and , back on the Twelve Colonies , public museums housed artifacts of the gods .
Cleveland Browns -LRB- 1946 -- 1995 -RRB-
In 1974 the Penzance Borough was abolished and replaced , first by the Penzance Charter Trustees and then from 1980 by Penzance Town Council .
He was born in Ermsleben , Harz , as the son of a wealthy liberal politician , industrialist , and estate-owner , Anton Ludwig Sombart , and studied at the universities of Pisa , Berlin , and Rome , both law and economics .
The center of Jewish culture and learning shifted to the region of the Kinneret , particularly the city of Tiberias .
After another lucky reprieve , Stephenie tried to shake things in Koror as she conspired with the women to get rid of the males -LRB- Tom , Ian and Gregg -RRB- and take advantage of their gender majority .
Another consequence of the Carlsbad Decrees was the refusal by Frederick William III to confer the chain of office , the official seal and an official name to the new university .
However , the distinction is not clear-cut , and many games are also considered to be work -LRB- such as professional players of spectator sports\/games -RRB- or art -LRB- such as jigsaw puzzles or games involving an artistic layout such as Mahjong solitaire , or some video games -RRB- .
Marske is served by Longbeck and Marske railway stations , which connect to Darlington mainline station .
Michelangelo died in 1564 , leaving the drum of the dome complete , and Bramante 's piers much bulkier than originally designed , each 18 m across .
Braille has been extended to an 8-dot code , particularly for use with Braille embossers and refreshable Braille displays .
A Mathematician 's Apology is a 1940 essay by British mathematician G. H. Hardy .
Saginaw , Michigan , United States
The town lies 13 miles south of the city of Derby .
Some scientists also believe that early life had already begun to develop on Earth before the smash , but was nearly killed by it .
When IBM 's representatives mentioned that they needed an operating system , Gates referred them to Digital Research -LRB- DRI -RRB- , makers of the widely used CP\/M operating system .
The album has sold over 8 million copies worldwide .
The Transylvanian town of Reghin is first mentioned in a charter of Andrew II of Hungary .
British Rail reserved the TOPS Class 97 designation for departmental locomotives , which were used for special or engineering duties .
He currently lives on Lanzarote in the Canary Islands , Spain .
Curium does not occur in nature .
For a time it worked in alliance with Hindu communities and was supported by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , who was a member of the Central Khilafat Committee .
1995 \/O/ 1997 \/O/ 1998 \/O/ 2001 \/O/ Winston Cup Series Champion
The Mintaka Pass -LRB- also known as Minteke Pass -RRB- -LRB- el .
At the most fundamental level , then , the weak force changes the flavor of a single quark :
The small blind is posted by the player to the left of the dealer and is usually equal to half of the big blind . The big blind , posted by the player to the left of the small blind , is equal to the minimum bet .
Ballmer used the notion of '' viral '' licensing terms to express his concern over the fact that the GNU General Public License -LRB- GPL -RRB- license employed by such software requires that all derivative software be under the GPL or a compatible license .
As a psychedelic band led by Syd Barrett in the late 1960s , Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene ; however , Barrett 's erratic behavior eventually forced his colleagues to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour .
He played as a striker .
Marie Clotilde had been taught Italian in order to fulfill her role as eventual Queen of Sardinia .
Roger Meddows-Taylor -LRB- born 26 July 1949 in Dersingham , Norfolk -RRB- is an English musician best known as the percussionist , backing vocalist and occasional lead vocalist of the rock band Queen .
The House of Plantagenet -LRB- -RRB- , a branch of the Angevins , was a royal house founded by Geoffrey V of Anjou , father of Henry II of England .
In many European languages the colon is usually followed by a lower-case letter -LRB- unless the upper case is due to other reasons , such as a proper noun -RRB- .
Duff also sang '' A Whatever Life '' for the Stuck In The Suburbs soundtrack and '' Sweetest Pain '' for the Raising Helen soundtrack .
Over time , the roots coalesce to form a pseudotrunk , eventually strangling and killing the host .
Said another way , programming is the craft of transforming requirements into something that a computer can execute .
The Rhine Valley is bounded by mountain chains and forms a fascinating landscape containing some of the most historically significant places in Germany .
It was widely used during the American Civil War on both sides , and has long enjoyed popularity especially in New Orleans , where Luzianne has long been a popular brand in this respect .
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Hugh Montague Trenchard , 1st Viscount Trenchard GCB OM GCVO DSO -LRB- 3 February 1873 -- 10 February 1956 -RRB- was a British officer who was instrumental in establishing the Royal Air Force .
However , today this theory has little support amongst archaeologists because climate data for the time actually shows that at the time , the climate of the region was getting wetter rather than drier .
He could n't displace incumbent Matt Bahr , but would get the kicking job from the Cleveland Browns in 1991 . Stover kept the job through the 2008 season , though in 1996 the team he played for became the Baltimore Ravens .
Sainte-Foy-la-Grande is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
X11 September 15 , 1987 First release of the current protocol .
His death stunned co-workers ; news anchor Stacie Schaible was near tears reporting his death , the lead story that evening .
Western subgroup composed of Slovene and Serbo-Croatian -LRB- Croatian , Bosnian , Serbian , Montenegrin -RRB- .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
Article 3 Everyone has the right to life , liberty and security of person .
The Graduate is a American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols , based on the 1963 novel The Graduate by Charles Webb , who wrote it shortly after graduating from Williams College .
Despite being a devout Lutheran , his Romantic leanings led him to settle the Cologne church conflict by releasing the imprisoned Archbishop of Cologne , and he patronized further construction of Cologne Cathedral .
ISBN 0-87411-969-3 -LRB- paperback -RRB- Articles by B. F. Skinner Two Types of Conditioned Reflex and a Pseudo Type -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , Journal of General Psychology , 12 , 66-77 .
He was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 2 on Spike TV .
Clarkson was born in Fort Worth , Texas , and grew up in the small town of Burleson , a suburb of Fort Worth . She is the third and youngest child of Jeanne Rose , a first grade English teacher of Greek descent , and Stephen Michael Clarkson , a former engineer of Welsh extraction .
It has been estimated that humans generate about 10 billion different antibodies , each capable of binding a distinct epitope of an antigen .
Two primary candidates surfaced : a Scotsman , Angus Cameron McKinlay , and David Coverdale .
Artemis Fowl is a series of fantasy novels written by Irish author Eoin Colfer , starring the teenage criminal mastermind Artemis Fowl II .
Grover , a satyr , goes undercover at a boarding school as a disabled student in order to discover if there are any half-bloods who attend it because most half-bloods have ADHD and dyslexia and can do special things .
The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic -LRB- NKR -RRB- -LRB- , -RRB- or Artsakh Republic is a de facto independent republic located in the Nagorno-Karabakh region -LRB- or Artsakh region -RRB- of the South Caucasus , about 270 kilometers -LRB- 170 miles -RRB- west of the Azerbaijani capital of Baku and very close to the border with Armenia .
In the diagram to the left , the white pawn may capture either the black rook or the black knight .
As of the 2000 census , the village population was 15,443 .
After defeating the Snagglebeast , Ratchet becomes increasingly bitter and hostile towards Clank , angry that he let Qwark get the better of them . Clank urges Ratchet to continue their quest to confront Drek , but Ratchet is obsessed with getting revenge on Qwark .
Berfay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Further Reading - Late Cold War period Smith , Jean Edward , and Canby , Steven L.The Evolution of NATO with Four Plausible Threat Scenarios .
Background Born Mary Therese Winifred Bourke in Ballina , County Mayo in 1944 , she is the daughter of two medical doctors .
Centaurea cyanus -LRB- Cornflower , Bachelor 's button , Bluebottle , Boutonniere flower , Hurtsickle -RRB- is a small annual flowering plant in the family Asteraceae , native to Europe .
Even a person 's soul consisted of many spirits .
Geography The coasts of the peninsula are , on the west the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aqaba , on the southeast the Arabian Sea -LRB- part of the Indian Ocean -RRB- , and on the northeast , the Gulf of Oman , the Strait of Hormuz , and the Persian Gulf .
Colours and badge Bolton Wanderers ' home colours are white shirts with navy trim , worn with navy shorts and white socks .
Castleford is a city in Twin Falls County , Idaho , United States .
The other processes , electric power transmission , electricity distribution , and electrical power storage and recovery using pumped storage methods are normally carried out by the electrical power industry .
The most expensive spice , saffron , consists of dried stigmas of a crocus .
Afonso IOr also Affonso -LRB- Archaic Portuguese-Galician -RRB- or Alphonso -LRB- Portuguese-Galician -RRB- or Alphonsus -LRB- Latin version -RRB- , sometimes rendered in English as Alphonzo or Alphonse , depending on the Spanish or French influence .
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation -LRB- spelled from 1935 to 1985 as Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation -RRB- , also known as 20th Century Fox , Fox 2000 Pictures , simply 20th or simply Fox , is one of the six major American film studios .
Its head office is in Toronto , Ontario .
File : Opel Vectra Caravan Facelift front .
Ulrich Scholze Student December 1947 - Ulrich ` Uli ' Scholze was a very minor member of the Red Army Faction and was only involved with the Gang for a few months in 1970 .
Von Arent died in Bonn on 14 October 1956 .
Recordings and broadcasts from Queen 's Hall From 1930 to 1941 , the BBC Symphony Orchestra regularly gave broadcast concerts in the hall .
She was sworn in for a second term as Governor on December 4 , 2006 .
Zeeshan -LRB- Zî an -RRB- is an Arabic masculine given name derived from words '' Zee '' -LRB- possessor of -RRB- and '' Shan '' -LRB- high status -RRB- .
Ammonia solution , also known as ammonium hydroxide , ammonia water , ammonical liquor , ammonia liquor , aqua ammonia , aqueous ammonia , or simply ammonia , is a solution of ammonia in water .
Catherine Jinks -LRB- born 1963 -RRB- is an Australian author .
Arrigo Sacchi -LRB- born 1 April 1946 in Fusignano -RRB- is an Italian football coach , the former head coach of the Italy national football team -LRB- 1991-1996 -RRB- , and twice manager of A.C. Milan -LRB- 1987-1991 , 1996-1997 -RRB- .
Life Left to Go is the debut album by alternative rock band SafetySuit .
-LRB- commonly known as the United Kingdom , the UK , or Britain -RRB- is a country and sovereign state located off the northwestern coast of continental Europe .
The burden of proof in defamation actions is higher in the case of a public figure .
1945 saw the end of armed conflict , but the company was devastated by the war .
Oskaloosa was the home of the now-defunct Oskaloosa College .
On the July 4 edition of SmackDown , SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero announced that Triple H would defend the WWE Championship at The Great American Bash against Edge .
The area was much disputed between Spain , England , the Netherlands and France .
1891 & ndash ; Almon Strowger , an undertaker in Topeka , Kansas , patents the Strowger switch , a device which led to the automation of telephone circuit switching .
During his career in WWF\/E , Morley held the Intercontinental Championship two times , the European Championship once , and the World Tag Team Championship once with Lance Storm .
The Godwin-Austen Glacier is located near K2 in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan .
1974 & ndash ; The Rumble in the Jungle boxing match between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman takes place in Kinshasa , Zaire .
Each cylinder bank in a V6 has an odd number of pistons , so the V6 also suffers from the same problem unless steps are taken to mitigate it .
What made 1857 different was that , although not centrally coordinated , the uprisings had the feel of something much larger with real anticipation that colonial rule would be overthrown .
Alix however , had already met and fallen in love with the Tsarevich of Russia , whose mother was the sister-in-law of Alix 's uncle , the Prince of Wales and whose uncle Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich was married to Alix 's sister Elizabeth .
Under the free software business model , free software vendors may charge a fee for distribution and offer pay support and software customization services . Proprietary software uses a different business model , where a customer of the proprietary software pays a fee for a license to use the software .
First Seminole WarConquest of Florida
As of August 16 , 2010 , according to the official PFL site .
From 1999 to 2000 , he was a comedy reporter and humorist for eye Weekly in Toronto , then in 2000 moved to New York City where he worked as a writer for various MTV shows .
Stage 5 refers to the spread of pubic hair to the thighs and upward towards the navel as part of the developing abdominal hair . In the months and years following the appearance of pubic hair , other areas of skin that respond to androgens may develop androgenic hair .
After the fight , many sports fans all over the world wrote to Cobb and thanked him for his effort .
The Yonge-University line was extended north 8.7 k from Eglinton Avenue to Finch Avenue and Yonge in 1973 and 1974 .
The race winners receive the Peter Brock Trophy which was introduced at the 2006 race in honor of deceased nine-time Bathurst winner Peter Brock , most successful driver in the history of the race .
He was the first player from CÃ te d'Ivoire to play for FC Barcelona .
The living protoplasm of a cell is sometimes called the bioplasm and distinct from the ergastic substances of the cell .
Justice in the By-Ways : a Tale of Life , 1856 , 12mo .
A truth table is a table that describes the behavior of a logic gate or any combination of logic gates .
In about 1839 , Benjamin squatted on a small area of land in an isolated valley north of Murrurundi .
The olm is the only species in its genus Proteus , the only European species of the family Proteidae , and the only European exclusively cave-dwelling chordate .
Eventually the two were merged into the Balboa tribe -LRB- named after the injured snake Rupert found -RRB- .
Today laser engraving machines are in development but still mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
808s & Heartbreak is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West , released November 24 , 2008 on Roc-A-Fella Records in the United States .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
In physics , mechanical energy describes the sum of potential energy and kinetic energy present in the components of a mechanical system . Mechanical energy is the energy associated with the motion or position of an object .
As of 2006 , Pixar is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company .
Count Olaf also refers to them as '' orphans '' instead of '' children '' .
Guavas are plants in the myrtle family -LRB- Myrtaceae -RRB- genus Psidium , which contains about 100 species of tropical shrubs and small trees .
Gilgamesh is described as two-thirds god and one-third human .
Stevens first began releasing his music on the Asthmatic Kitty label , which he formed with his stepfather , beginning with the 2000 release A Sun Came .
Rosignano Marittimo borders the following municipalities : Castellina Marittima , Cecina , Collesalvetti , Livorno , Orciano Pisano , Santa Luce .
Fréthun -LRB- francization of Free Town -RRB- is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Paulo Sérgio Silvestre do Nascimento -LRB- born 2 June 1969 -RRB- , commonly known as Paulo Sérgio is an former Brazilian footballer .
The common '' Wikimedia Foundation error '' message -LRB- WFEM -RRB- is sometimes called a '' server error '' but might be caused by a recent edit which a user made to the current page being displayed .
He held the Lucasian Chair of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge and spent the last fourteen years of his life at Florida State University .
Ghost Reveries was re-released on October 31 , 2006 , with a bonus cover song -LRB- Deep Purple 's Soldier of Fortune -RRB- and a DVD documenting the making of the album .
In 1904 , at the age of 24 , Keller graduated from Radcliffe , becoming the first deaf blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree .
The sale of the site in 1971 helped the club avoid bankruptcy .
A prostatitis diagnosis is assigned at 8 % of all urologist and 1 % of all primary care physician visits in the United States .
He lost the seat at the election of 1880 ; but was at once elected member for the University of London , of which he had been vice-chancellor since 1872 .
Speech Day The school holds its speech day every year in March or April where awards are given out for academic achievement by the students .
VLC media player is a free and open source media player and multimedia framework written by the VideoLAN project .
The text is in the form of a codex , bound in a method now called Coptic binding .
Pocket Monsters Chamo Chamo Pretty -LRB- Spinoff of Magical Pokémon Journey -RRB-
Demosthenes celebrated Philip 's assassination and played a leading part in his city 's uprising .
Supporters have said that the cartoons illustrated an important issue in a period of Islamic terrorism and that their publication is a legitimate exercise of the right of free speech , explicitly tied to the issue of self-censorship .
White Hart Lane station in Tottenham was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway : it opened on 22 July 1872 .
In addition he studied privately with Vincent d'Indy .
River Avon -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- or Avon River -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- , various rivers
70 & ndash ; Roman forces under Titus sack Jerusalem .
Prior to that , the network was based in Dallas , Texas . Radio Disney broadcasts music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers under age 16 ; its format can be described as a youth-targeted contemporary hit radio .
Lorenzo Minotti -LRB- born February 8 , 1967 -RRB- is an Italian former football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player in defender role .
The National Rugby League -LRB- NRL -RRB- is the top competition of professional Rugby league clubs in Australasia .
In the 19th century Mzizima -LRB- Swahili for '' healthy town '' -RRB- was a coastal fishing village on the periphery of Indian Ocean trade routes .
Bilafond La -LRB- meaning '' Pass of the Butterflies '' -RRB- , also known as the Saltoro Pass , is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge , sitting immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier , some directly north of map point NJ 980420 .
Ben-Gurion 's passion for Zionism , which began early in life , culminated in his instrumental role in the founding of the state of Israel .
Then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .
It is now the primary channel of the RTL Group 's German television stations , which also include RTL II , Super RTL , VOX and n-tv .
After being attacked by empousai cheerleaders at his new school , Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood and learns about the Labyrinth ; part of the palace of King Minos in Crete that was designed by Daedalus .
Evelina is able to ease his guilt with her repeated gentle pardons and the delivery of a letter written by her mother on her deathbed in which she forgives Sir John for his behavior if he will remove her ignominy -LRB- by acknowledging their marriage -RRB- and acknowledge Evelina as his legitimate daughter .
Some Burroughs/Unisys equipment displays a digit 0 with a reversed slash .
In 1975 , the civil war in Lebanon forced the family to move to their ancestral home in Bassouriyeh , where Hasan Nasrallah completed his secondary education at the public school of Sour -LRB- Tyre -RRB- .
He ended his professional footballing career at Manchester United where he won four Premier League titles in five years , including two League and FA Cup Doubles .
The British Invasion is a term used to describe the large number of rock and roll , beat , rock and pop performers from the United Kingdom who became popular in the U.S. from 1964 to 1966 .
In 1742 Swedish astronomer Anders Celsius -LRB- 1701 â '' 1744 -RRB- originally created a '' reversed '' version of the modern Celsius temperature scale whereby zero represented the boiling point of water and one hundred represented the freezing point of water .
The Professor enters the room and asks what they were doing .
During the prehistoric , ancient and early mediaeval periods of Finnish history , Finnish paganism was the majority religion .
Coulomb 's law , or Coulomb 's inverse square law , is a law of physics describing the electrostatic interaction between electrically charged particles . It was studied and first published in 1783 by French physicist Charles Augustin de Coulomb and was essential to the development of the theory of electromagnetism .
The 1993 novel Die Entdeckung der Currywurst -LRB- '' The Discovery of the Currywurst '' -RRB- by Uwe Timm was made into a 2008 film of the same name . The plot is based on an alternative but unproven theory that currywurst was invented in Hamburg .
In 1958 , the Academy merged with the Guild of Television Producers and Directors to form the Society of Film and Television , which eventually became the British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 1976 .
Airan is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Parliament comprises the Sovereign , the House of Commons -LRB- which is the lower house of Parliament and referred to as '' the Commons '' -RRB- , and the Lords . The House of Lords , like the House of Commons , assembles in the Palace of Westminster .
They play in the Football League Championship .
Her letter on the subject seems very cool , but her stepmother assures us in the Augustus Hare Life and Letters that Maria loved him very much and did not get over the affair quickly .
In 1858 the University expanded its role by offering the University of London International Programmes to candidates outside of the colleges , the first of its kind in the country .
Oval tube station in Kennington is a station on the Northern line of the London Underground between Stockwell and Kennington stations .
Martin Luther King , Jr. -LRB- January 15 , 1929 â '' April 4 , 1968 -RRB- was an American clergyman , activist , and prominent leader in the African American civil rights movement .
Apart from having an important influence on Sikhism , Kabir 's legacy is today carried forward by the Kabir Panth -LRB- '' Path of Kabir '' -RRB- , a religious community that recognizes him as its founder and is one of the Sant Mat sects . Its members , known as Kabir panthis , are estimated to be around 9,600,000 .
She became extremely proficient in the use of pastels , eventually creating many of her most important works in this medium .
Biganos is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
For example , a player with A-A-8-6-6-4-3 can play a high hand of A-A-6-6-8 , and a low hand of 8-6-4-3-A .
His close control and superb vision have won him many admirers during his time with Red Star Belgrade and A.C. Milan .
Saint-Genest-Lachamp is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The resulting tunneling current is a function of tip position , applied voltage , and the local density of states -LRB- LDOS -RRB- of the sample .
In the Northern hemisphere , Orion 's Belt is best visible in the night sky during the month of January at around 9.00 PM when it is approximately around local Meridian .
Emine Erdo an -LRB- born February 21 , 1955 -RRB- is the wife of twenty-seventh Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdo an .
May 30 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England marries Jane Seymour .
Competition is essential in markets , and separates market from trade .
It was named after Civil War general Philip Kearny .
In 2009 , Sullivan opened for Buddy Guy on his East Coast tour during the summer , played his own set at the popular summer music festival Lollapalooza , as well as the Austin City Limits Festival in October . .
Under the Endangered Species Act in the United States , '' threatened '' is defined as '' any species which is likely to become an endangered species within the foreseeable future throughout all or a significant portion of its range '' .
Bouilly is a village and commune in the Aube dÃ partement of northern-central France .
Social Distortion started work on the follow-up to White Light , White Heat , White Trash in 2000 , which was originally to be released in the fall of that year , but it was not completed .
By 391 , under the reign of Theodosius I , Christianity had become the state religion .
It quickly grew in popularity , surpassing 120 film by the late 1960s to become the most popular photographic film format .
Additional surrounding counties -LRB- known as outlying counties -RRB- can be included in the CBSA if these counties have strong social and economic ties to the central counties as measured by commuting and employment .
The film reboots the Batman film series , telling the origin story of the character and begins with Bruce Wayne 's initial fear of bats , the death of his parents , and his journey to becoming Batman .
Under the sidereal zodiac , it is currently there roughly from December 16 to January 14 .
Students achieve good academic results in public examinations .
Founded in 1979 by Chrissie Maher , the company positions itself as a leader in plain-language advocacy , working to persuade organizations in the UK and abroad to communicate with the public in plain language .
Vampires Suck on Facebook -LRB- official page -RRB- , '' Info '' .
Jody David Scheckter -LRB- born January 29 , 1950 -RRB- is a South African former auto racing driver , the Formula One World Drivers Champion .
Ù , English : '' It Is Time '' -RRB- , which became a commercial success , in part thanks to the popularity of her first single '' Agoul Ahwak '' -LRB- Arabic : Ø # Ù Ù Ù Ø # Ù Ù Ø Ù , English : '' I Say I Love You '' -RRB- .
After three days , on August 21 , the coup collapsed , the organizers were detained , and Gorbachev returned as president of the Soviet Union .
Of this extension -- nicknamed the NAFTA Superhighway because it would help trade with Canada and Mexico spurred by the North American Free Trade Agreement -- only two short pieces -- one in northwestern Mississippi and in the Memphis , Tennessee area and a 1.8-mile segment near Evansville , Indiana -- have been built and signed as I-69 -LRB- see Interstate 69 in Mississippi -RRB- .
January 18 WWII : Soviet officials announce they have broken the Wehrmacht 's siege of Leningrad .
The Berlin Zoo declined to comment on the matter , only noting that Giovanna 's stay in Berlin was still temporary .
Congé-sur-Orne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Melina Nava Pérez -LRB- born March 9 , 1979 -RRB- , better known simply as Melina , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- wrestling on its Raw brand where she is the current WWE Divas Champion .
Arthur Ranken and James Sloan , from Bathurst , were amongst the first white settlers on the Lachlan .
Having this shared heritage , the two systems are quite similar , but there are differences .
Yass was later a battleground between the town and the Sydney to Melbourne railway ; because of the topography the New South Wales Government Railways wanted to bypass the town by a few kilometres . Naturally , the people of the town wished the railway to pass closer or through it .
1991 & ndash ; All official Soviet Union institutions have ceased operations by this date and the Soviet Union is officially dissolved .
This impressive strike was voted Goal of the Month by viewers of a renowned German TV sports show .
Mytilene -LRB- Greek : -RRB- is the capital city of Lesbos , a Greek island in the Aegean Sea , and capital of Lesbos Prefecture and the Northern Aegean region .
Sea urchins feed mainly on algae , but can also feed on a wide range of invertebrates such as mussels , sponges , brittle stars and crinoids .
A Mathematician 's Apology is a 1940 essay by British mathematician G. H. Hardy .
Emperor Juntoku succeeds Emperor Tsuchimikado on the throne of Japan .
519 -- 523 ; Prange , Miracle at Midway p. 395 ; Parshall and Tully , Shattered Sword , pp .
Although A-flat minor occurs in modulation in works in other keys , it is only rarely used as the principal key of a piece of music .
Bad Zurzach was previously known as Zurzach ; the population voting for the official name change in a referendum of 21 May 2006 . Located on the Rhine , Bad Zurzach has a thermal water bath and an outdoor bathing facility .
Only the prototype was constructed , which was named Duke of Gloucester .
Middle-earth refers to the fictional lands where most of the stories of author J. R. R. Tolkien take place .
The Canton of Zug -LRB- German Kanton -RRB- is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
It runs partly on the surface and partly at deep level , from the Elephant and Castle in south-east to Harrow & Wealdstone in north-west of London .
It serves 14 counties in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and West Virginia .
From 2002-2004 , high profile GPL enforcement cases , such as those against Linksys and OpenTV , became frequent .
Andrew Bonar Law PC -LRB- 16 September 1858 -- 30 October 1923 -RRB- , commonly known as Bonar Law , was a British Conservative Party statesman and Prime Minister .
Political asylum is similar , but not identical , to modern refugee law , which deals with massive influx of population , while the right of asylum concerns individuals and is usually delivered in a case-to-case basis .
In 2004 , Carpenter had a three episode guest appearance on the TV show Charmed as a psychic demonCharisma Carpenter Biography , Photos , Movies , TV , Credits Hollywood.com called The Seer and played a recurring role on NBC 's Miss Match , appearing in four episodes .
Thoroughgood 's choice of residence after 1634 was along the Lynnhaven River , also named for his home in England .
1806 & ndash ; Dutch settlers in Cape Town surrender to the British .
Only children below the age of 12 , senior citizens 65 years or older are eligible for the concessionary rate on all lines .
Miguel Ángel González Suárez -LRB- born 24 December 1947 in Orense , Galicia -RRB- , simply Miguel Ángel , is a former Spanish football goalkeeper .
Artemisian Cybele became quite contrasted from her Roman counterpart , Diana .
A list of current member unions may be found at List of unions affiliated with the AFL-CIO .
The park is named after explorer Charles Sturt .
According to the 2002 census , 36,983,700 people , or 96.74 % of the population , consider themselves Polish , while 471,500 -LRB- 1.23 % -RRB- declared another nationality , and 774,900 -LRB- 2.03 % -RRB- did not declare any nationality .
Suttungr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,667 Mm in 1029.703 days , at an inclination of 174 ° to the ecliptic -LRB- 151 ° to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.131 .
Under , it is desired that either the Director or the Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence be an active duty commissioned officer in the armed forces or have training or experience in military intelligence activities and requirements .
The intent of having such a system is so that a number of different games -LRB- based on different intellectual property -RRB- can be made compatible with each other .
The French terms '' Mousseux '' or '' Crémant '' are used to refer to sparkling wine not made in the Champagne region .
Mézières - sous-Lavardin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
In the presence of oxygen , carbon monoxide burns with a blue flame , producing carbon dioxide .
Geneva -LRB- , ; , ; , ; ; -RRB- is the second-most-populous city in Switzerland -LRB- after Zürich -RRB- and is the most populous city of Romandie -LRB- the French-speaking part of Switzerland -RRB- .
The wide , glacial RhÃ ne valley dominates the area .
Howard G. '' Ward '' Cunningham -LRB- born May 26 , 1949 -RRB- is the American computer programmer who developed the first wiki and HyperCard .
The original meaning of Itiihaasa had a more precise meaning than the word History .
In Wallonia the most important charts are the Ultratop 40 singles and the Ultratop 50 albums -LRB- the two versions of Ultratop 50 albums are separate -RRB- .
This can only be attributed to strict censorship by the Communist party , such as the banning of rock from television and restrictions on performances .
Work Beham is best known as a prolific printmaker , producing approximately 252 engravings , 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts , including woodcut book illustrations .
Thomas Matthew DeLonge , Jr. -LRB- born December 13 1975 -RRB- is an American musician and the guitarist and one of the two lead vocalists for the punk rock band Blink-182 .
In view of Hannibal 's great popularity , the Carthaginian government did not repudiate Hannibal 's actions , and the war he sought was declared at the end of the year .
He made his public debut on the piano with his parents , at the age of seven .
Oldham is a large town in Greater Manchester , England .
English translations using '' kill '' include the King James -LRB- Authorised -RRB- -LRB- 1611 -RRB- -LSB- although note Matthew '' do no murder , '' following the Vulgate non homicidium facies -RSB- , the American Standard -LRB- 1901 -RRB- and Revised Standard -LRB- American Protestant , 1952 -RRB- Versions .
Chí Minh proclaimed the Democratic Republic of Vietnam on -LRB- September 2 , 1945 -RRB- .
Ken Livingstone was criticised in February 2005 for remarks made to an Evening Standard reporter , comparing him to a Nazi concentration camp guard , after the reporter had tried to interview him following a reception marking the 20th anniversary of Chris Smith 's coming out as gay .
Cookies and Cream -LRB- or Cookies ` n Cream -RRB- is a variety of ice cream and milkshake based on flavoring from chocolate cookies .
A remix of this song also appears on the nonprofit collaborative album Rhythms del Mundo , which fuses an all-star cast of Cuban musicians with tracks from US , UK and Irish artists .
ChevillÃ is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Because of its ubiquity , physicists generally represent it with the shorthand symbol -LRB- lowercase gamma -RRB- .
Cricket is a team sport played between two teams of eleven .
The Vectra was introduced in 1988 as a replacement to the Opel Ascona and itself was replaced in 2008 by the Opel Insignia , which will retain the Chevrolet Vectra name for the Latin American market .
Mons -LRB- ; Dutch : Bergen ; Picard : Mont -RRB- is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut , of which it is the capital .
The victim of bullying is sometimes referred to as a target .
La Bazoque is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
The proof of a mathematical theorem is a logical argument demonstrating that the conclusions are a necessary consequence of the hypotheses , in the sense that if the hypotheses are true then the conclusions must also be true , without any further assumptions .
732 & ndash ; Battle of Tours : Near Poitiers , France , the leader of the Franks , Charles Martel and his men , defeat a large army of Moors , stopping the Muslims from spreading into Western Europe .
Baba explained the symbolism , saying , '' The colors in the flag signify man 's rise from the grossest of impressions of lust and anger -- symbolized by red -- to the culmination in the highest state of spirituality and oneness with God -- symbolized by sky blue . ''
On May 7 , 2005 , she married Dr. Ken Gee Ehrlich , a West Los Angeles chiropractor .
In 1796 this settlement received town rights and was renamed Rostov-on-Don , in order to distinguish it from its ancient namesake .
Sir Francis Galton systematized these ideas and practices according to new knowledge about the evolution of man and animals provided by the theory of his cousin Charles Darwin during the 1860s and 1870s .
For the first and , as of 2009 , the only time in NHL history , the Stanley Cup Finals concluded after the Summer Solstice .
David Hiley , Western Plainchant pp .
ISBN 978 184725179 4 Jeffreys , Elizabeth and Michael , and Moffatt , Ann , Byzantine Papers : Proceedings of the First Australian Byzantine Studies Conference , Canberra , 17-19 May 1978 -LRB- Australian National University , Canberra , 1979 -RRB- .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
Learning by teaching should not be confused with presentations or lectures by students , as students not only convey a certain content , but also choose their own methods and didactic approaches in teaching classmates that subject .
The British Invasion is a term used to describe the large number of rock and roll , beat , rock and pop performers from the United Kingdom who became popular in the United States during the period from 1964 through 1966 .
Nearly 45 million copies of the 18 Calvin and Hobbes books have been sold .
A pea is most commonly the small spherical seed or the seed-pod of the legume Pisum sativum .
The jury is composed by German philologists and poets .
The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground -LRB- '' the Tube '' -RRB- , in the United Kingdom .
The 20 Hunchakian gallows -LRB- or K ` san Kakhaghan , , also '' The 20 Martyrs '' , '' The 20s '' -RRB- is the common name for the group of Hunchakian activists who were hanged in the Sultan Bayazid square of Constantinople on June 15 , 1915 .
Giorgio Puia -LRB- born 8 March 1938 -RRB- is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder .
She lived on her own until she was 105 years old , and at the Western Convalescent Home in Jefferson Park , Los Angeles until her death .
After the republic was conquered by the Iranian army in 1947 he was the only one who was n't hanged together with president Qazi Muhammad at the Chuwarchira Square in Mahabad in 1947 .
With the creation of the Samaná Maritime District -LRB- an old division similar to a province -RRB- in 1865 , the city was elevated to the category of municipality .
Circuit Implementation - transistor-level design of basic elements -LRB- gates , multiplexers , latches etc -RRB- as well as of some larger blocks -LRB- ALUs , caches etc -RRB- that may be implemented at this level , or even -LRB- partly -RRB- at the physical level , for performance reasons .
The earliest , sample Gifa 99776 from '' zone 10 '' , dates to 32,900 ± 490 BP .
They slept on hard camp cots without pillows , except when they were ill , took cold baths in the morning , and were expected to tidy their rooms and do needlework to be sold at various charity events when they were not otherwise occupied .
When he finds Gruber working at the explosives planted on the roof , Gruber passes himself off as a terrified hostage who escaped . McClane makes friendly conversation and gives Gruber a pistol ; when Gruber attempts to fire the weapon at McClane , however , it is discovered that McClane inserted an empty magazine in the gun and gave him the gun to test his trustworthiness .
It became popular , spreading from the east coast of the United States to the west coast , in large part via women 's colleges .
When promises of reprint failed to materialise , the Advertiser was forced to hand the copyright back over to Woods .
It is situated on the banks of the Vienne River .
He established the first systematically organized library in the ancient Middle EastAshurbanipal , from the Encyclopædia Britannica , the Library of Ashurbanipal , which survives in part today at Nineveh .
The following bout was a six-man tag team match between Jeff Hardy , Brian Kendrick , and Paul London and Mr. Kennedy , Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch .
This , however , is changing with women in urban Maharashtra wearing Punjabi dresses , consisting of a Salwar and a Kurta while men wear trousers and a shirt .
The controversies ultimately focused on whether and how a human nature and a divine nature can co-exist in one person .
Balleroy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In 2009 , and for the first time ever , he made the opening keynote at CES , since Bill Gates left Microsoft as full-time chairman .
Interviewed by the Detroit News in 2004 , brother Alvin Wistert recalled : '' And if I 'm not mistaken I think this is unprecedented in the annals of college football : that three brothers all would go to the same school , all played football .
Until 1981 he served as Head of Unit in the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs and from 1981 he returned to the Federal Ministry of Finance .
By nationality , she was officially considered a German until 1941 , when she lost her nationality owing to the anti-Semitic policies of Nazi Germany -LRB- the Nuremberg Laws -RRB- .
It was released as the album 's third and final single on October 8 , 2007 in the United Kingdom .
The result of this integration is a scalar quantity called flux .
It is used to help stop uniformed police officers shooting undercover police officers who they do not know are police officers .
Behavioural differences Time of activity Most moths are nocturnal or crepuscular while most butterflies are diurnal .
Williams is the younger sister of fellow former World No. 1 professional female tennis player Venus Williams .
She has two siblings , a brother -LRB- Sol , the sun -RRB- and a sister -LRB- Luna , the moon -RRB- .
Anthony Powell died peacefully at his home , The Chantry , aged 94 on 28 March 2000 .
Takamoto 's father emigrated from Hiroshima to the United States for his health .
Commander Beverly Crusher , M.D. -LRB- born Beverly Cheryl Howard -RRB- , played by actress Gates McFadden , is a fictional character on the television series ' and its subsequent spinoff films .
The Phoenix Suns are a professional basketball team based in Phoenix , Arizona .
General Sir James Abbott KCB -LRB- 12 March 1807 -- 6 October 1896 -RRB- was a British army officer in colonial India .
JÃ rmungandr will arise from the ocean , poisoning the land and sea with his venom and causing the sea to rear up and lash against the land .
Nassau , the Bahamas capital city , lies on the island of New Providence .
Working Group I dealt with the '' Physical Science Basis of Climate Change . ''
Boxer shorts with colourful patterns , pictures of cartoon characters , sports team logos and slogans are readily available .
As noted before , mudrocks make up fifty percent of the Earthâ s sedimentary geological record . They are widespread on Earth , and important for various industries .
A pedestrian is a person traveling on foot , whether walking or running .
The first English-born editor-in-chief was Thomas Spencer Baynes , who oversaw the production of the 9th edition ; dubbed the '' Scholar 's Edition '' , the 9th is the most scholarly Britannica .
The side seams -LRB- known as the chaak -RRB- , left open below the waist-line , give the wearer greater freedom of movement .
This means that the atoms can potentially be trapped in space by making a minimum of the magnetic field .
Alberto caused $ 1 billion in damage -LRB- 1994 USD -RRB- and 30 deaths .
World Book Online Reference Center .
_ Odd .
Founded on September 24 , 1947 , it plays in Segunda División , holding home matches at Estadio Municipal de Chapín , with an overall 20,300-seat capacity .
Musicians such as Howlin ' Wolf , Willie Nix , Ike Turner , and B.B. King performed on Beale Street and in West Memphis , and recorded some of the classic electric blues , rhythm and blues and rock & roll records for labels such as Sun Records .
Saint-Didier-de-Formans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He then sought to challenge Matt Hardy for the ECW Championship and was named the number one contender on the December 30 episode of ECW .
Stockton-on-Tees -LRB- North of River Tees -RRB- North Yorkshire -LRB- part only -RRB- 10 .
Alpine tundra occurs at high enough altitude at any latitude on Earth .
Verapamil , a calcium-channel blocker , is useful in the treatment of hypomania and in those cases where lithium and mood stabilizers are contraindicated or ineffective .
Fucking -LRB- -RRB- is an Austrian villageTarsdorf Official map in the municipality of Tarsdorf , Official governmental Homepage of Tarsdorf Municipality in the Innviertel region of western Upper Austria .
Ralph Stöcker , Heiner Zischang : Algebraische Topologie .
The original Game Boy and Game Boy Color combined sold 118.69 million units worldwide .
Independencia -LRB- -RRB- is a province of the Dominican Republic , located in the west , on the border with Haiti .
Danny Heffernan -LRB- played by Gary Valentine -RRB- : Danny Heffernan is Doug 's cousin , and he is also seen hanging out with Doug , Spence , and Deacon .
Bicknell , Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Suddenly , Erda the earth goddess , a primeval goddess older than Wotan , appears out of the ground .
Fewer people know that he combined his career with that of ordained Anglican clergyman .
The feast is also called Whitsun , Whitsunday , Whit Sunday , Whitsuntide , especially in the United Kingdom .
Gevork Nazaryan - The Architecture of Armenia After a great earthquake in 989 ruined the dome of Hagia Sophia , the Byzantine officials summoned Trdat to Byzantium to organize repairs .
DICASTILLO Dicastillo is a village in Navarra .
Several important remains of the Roman Empire can still be seen in and around Nîmes :
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , John J. Kavelaars , Dan Milisavljevic , and Brett J. Gladman on August 13 , 2001 and given the provisional designation S/2001 U 2 .
Sound cards
-LRB- Structural Slumps : The Modern Equilibrium Theory of Employment , Interest and Assets '' -LRB- see Selected PublicationsPhelps also collaborated closely with Luigi Paganetto at the University of Rome Tor Vergata and , between 1988 â '' 98 , as co-organizers of the Villa Mondragone International Seminar .
It was first released November 30 , 1992 in Japan , and was later released in North America on Christmas 1992 , and in Europe on February 1 , 1993 .
In diamond or silicon , the atoms share electrons and form covalent bonds .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
Despite favourable reviews , the album was not released in the US .
He also established many of the UN 's development and environmental agencies , funds and programs , including the UN Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- , the UN University , UNCTAD , United Nations Institute for Training and Research -LRB- UNITAR -RRB- , and the UN Environmental Programme .
The United States Army contracts with the University of Pennsylvania 's Moore School to develop the computer ENIAC .
Miami FC -LRB- 2006 -- 2009 -RRB- -LRB- now in NASL -RRB-
It used to be an administrative division of the Sindh namely the Hyderabad Division , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
India is a republic consisting of 28 states and seven union territories with a parliamentary system of democracy .
This is similar to the condition in early avians such as Archaeopteryx , and the authors pointed out that long forelimbs are necessary for flight .
Today , ether is rarely used .
The Stanley Cup playoffs ended on June 4 , with the Detroit Red Wings taking the championship .
Bands located 80 k to 150 k from a cyclone 's center migrate outward .
The soybean -LRB- U.S. -RRB- or soya bean -LRB- UK -RRB- -LRB- Glycine max -RRB- is a species of legume native to East Asia .
Sulz , Vorarlberg place in Vorarlberg , Austria
Petronius , Roman writer
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2 .
The space bar , spacebar , or space key , is a key on an alphanumeric keyboard in the form of a horizontal bar in the lowermost row , significantly wider than other keys .
Mozart 's Clarinet Concerto and Clarinet Quintet are both in A major , and generally Mozart was more likely to use clarinets in A major than in any other key besides E-flat major .
4738-45 At the outbreak of World War II , Wedemeyer ranked as lieutenant colonel and was assigned as a Staff Officer to the war-plans division of the United States War Department .
Morphogenesis -LRB- from the Greek morphê shape and genesis creation , literally , '' beginning of the shape '' -RRB- , is the biological process that causes an organism to develop its shape .
Royal Surrey Gardens were pleasure gardens in Kennington , London in the Victorian period , slightly east of The Oval . The gardens occupied about 15 a to the east side of Kennington Road , including a lake of about 3 a/O. It was the site of Surrey Zoological Gardens and Surrey Music Hall .
The university is co-educational and comprises the Suffolk University Law School , the Suffolk College of Arts and Sciences , the Sawyer Business School , and the New England School of Art and Design at Suffolk University -LRB- NESAD -RRB- It has three international campuses in addition to the main campus in downtown Boston .
Undated Ottoman Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent seals off The Golden Gate in Jerusalem .
Alpha Centauri is the closest star system to our Solar System .
For example , the crab 's and lobster 's claws or pincers , or more formally , their '' chelae '' .
Rarely having more than ten thousand subscribers , the journal reached its peak influence from the late 1930s to the early 1960s , after which it gradually lost its relevance .
The vast valley around the Po is called the Po Valley -LRB- Italian Pianura Padana or Val Padana -RRB- ; in time it became the main industrial area of the country .
Vesoul is a commune in the Haute-Sa Ã ne department in the region of Franche-Comt Ã in eastern France .
A cash bonus was given to each player on the team with the league 's best regular-season record during these years , to which the Presidents ' Trophy was added in .
Acanthomyops interjectus -LRB- Mayr , 1866 -RRB-
Plot 1923 : After an unpleasant chance first encounter , protagonist and narrator Charles Ryder , a student at Hertford College , Oxford University , and Lord Sebastian Flyte , the younger son of an aristocratic family and himself an undergraduate at Christ Church , become friends .
After convincing the other Rugrats to eat dog food , Tommy discovers that Spike has eaten all of it .
The term volcanology is derived from the Latin word vulcan .
This is equivalent to the problem of deciding , given a program and an input , whether the program will eventually halt when run with that input , or will run forever .
The city of Key West is the county seat of Monroe County . The county consists of a section on the mainland which is almost entirely in Everglades National Park , and the Keys islands from Key Largo to the Dry Tortugas .
It was planned for the school to expand one year level each year , so that when the Year 7 students of 2008 progressed into Year 8 , the school will teach both Years 7 and 8 ; and so on until 2013 when it would have completed this process .
It is not rare to see a vampire amass a small army of Ghouls for offence and defence .
He is often portrayed holding a golden mallet called a Uchide Nokozuchi , otherwise known as a magic money mallet , and is seen seated on bales of rice , with mice nearby -LRB- mice signify plentiful food -RRB- .
The village of Baldheri itself is situated at 34 15 ' 0N 73 12 ' 0E Falling Rain Genomics - Location of Baldheri which is about 11 km east of Abbottabad city center on the route towards Mansehra on the main Mansehra Road .
Many famous people and artists were born or lived in Toledo , including Al-Zarqali , Garcilaso de la Vega , Eleanor of Toledo , Alfonso X and El Greco .
Very few schools in the US actually use the term primary school as part of their school name and such schools are generally private schools , serving very young children .
Gyula -LRB- , , -RRB- is a town in Békés county in south-eastern Hungary .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
Dysprosium -LRB- , -RRB- is a chemical element with the symbol Dy and atomic number 66 .
However , parts of the town of Chapel Hill in Orange County , are in Durham County .
He played 11 years with the St. Louis Cardinals teams .
The Aqua Teens learn that their father is a water melon named Walter Melon , their mother is 9-layer bean burrito , and there is a fourth Aqua Teen named Chicken Bittle -LRB- who died a long time ago -RRB- .
He reestablished universal suffrage , feared by the Republicans at the time who correctly expected the country-side to vote against the Republic , Louis Napoleon took the title Emperor Napoleon III , and the Second Empire began .
She was also suo jure Princess of Commercy .
The most famous archeological find from Poland 's prehistory and protohistory is the Biskupin fortified settlement -LRB- now reconstructed as a museum -RRB- , dating from the Lusatian culture of the early Iron Age , around 700 BC .
He betrays Jones and steals the golden idol , but is killed by one of the traps in the temple .
Morgan , Farr , and Christopher had voted in the minority when the cast of M \* A \* S \* H elected not to continue the original series .
The 2006 07 Scottish Premier League season was the ninth season of the Scottish Premier League .
Porthmadog Football Club -LRB- -RRB- is a football team , playing in the Welsh Premier League .
Mercantilism is an economic theory which holds that the prosperity of a state is dependent upon its supply of capital ; that the global volume of international trade is '' unchangeable ; '' and that one party may benefit only at the expense of another .
In December 1915 Mallory joined the Royal Garrison Artillery as 2nd lieutenant and in 1916 participated in the shelling of the Somme , under the command of Major Gwilym Lloyd George , the son of then Prime Minister David Lloyd George .
The Book of Hosea is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible .
His works include Being John Malkovich , Human Nature , Adaptation , Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Synecdoche , New York .
Normal faults occur mainly in areas where the crust is being extended such as a divergent boundary .
This assertion leads to a polytheistic interpretation of Christianity where god is not omnipotent , but since Plantinga 's goal is to defeat only the assertion that God and evil are logically incompatible , even a highly implausible but possible , coherent instance of God 's coexistence with evil is sufficient for his purposes .
Cheese consists of proteins and fat from milk , usually the milk of cows , buffalo , goats , or sheep .
Lilly found that customers loved her dress , so she had her dressmaker produce more in order to sell them at her juice stand .
Reverend Villars fears Mme .
Wolf is buried in the Zentralfriedhof -LRB- Central Cemetery -RRB- in Vienna , along with many other notable composers .
It is an energy transfer to the body in any other way than due to work performed on the body .
It is located in the London commuter belt .
However , the development of nuclear power in the United States has been stymied ever since the Three Mile Island nuclear accident in 1979 .
The 1910 â '' 11 NHA season was the second season of the now defunct National Hockey Association .
Social concerns Sagan believed that the Drake equation , on substitution of reasonable guesstimates , suggested that a large number of extraterrestrial civilizations would form , but that the lack of evidence of such civilizations highlighted by the Fermi paradox suggests technological civilizations tend to destroy themselves rather quickly .
In chemistry , a chemical substance is a form of matter that has constant chemical composition and characteristic properties .
As a result , many former apparatchiks abandoned the Communist Party in favor of positions in new government structures .
The BBC Symphony Orchestra is the principal broadcast orchestra of the British Broadcasting Corporation and one of the leading orchestras in Britain .
Following Hindenburg 's death , Hitler merged the presidency with the office of Chancellor under the title of Leader and Chancellor -LRB- FÃ 1\/4 hrer und Reichskanzler -RRB- , making himself Germany 's Head of State and Head of government , thereby completing the progress of Gleichschaltung .
Odysseus builds a raft and is given clothing , food and drink by Calypso .
The opera was first performed at La Fenice in Venice on February 3 , 1823 .
Large swells churned up by Kenneth generated surf of 8 10 ft -LRB- 2 3 m -RRB- that crashed ashore on September 30 along the east shores of the islands of Hawaii , Kauai , Molokai , Maui , and Oahu .
He was also responsible for suppressing some Nubian revolts and carrying out a campaign in Libya .
The synthesis of the important isotope 270Hs was published in December 2006 by the team of scientists from the Technical University of Munich .
In the case of the Earth , there are currently seven to eight major -LRB- depending on how they are defined -RRB- and many minor plates -LRB- see list below -RRB- .
James Benjamin Peake -LRB- born June 18 , 1944 -RRB- is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
Glendale Community College , Glendale
Singles match for the WWE Championship 17:55 6 '' Impostor Kane '' defeated Kane .
A common foliar disease of basil is gray mold caused by Botrytis cinerea ; it can also cause infections post-harvest and is capable of killing the entire plant .
Ascension Day is officially celebrated on a Thursday , the fortieth day from Easter day .
Salvador Edward Luria -LRB- Turin , August 13 , 1912 -- Lexington , February 6 , 1991 -RRB- was an Italian microbiologist and a Nobel laureate -LRB- Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine -RRB- for his pioneering work with Max DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck and Alfred Hershey on phages in molecular biology .
The Irish grid reference system is a system of geographic grid references commonly used in Ireland -LRB- both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland -RRB- .
The Snake River is a major tributary of the Columbia River in the U.S. states of Wyoming , Idaho , Oregon , and Washington .
It topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart , becoming the 1000th chart-topper of the Rock Era .
Lugon-et-l'Île-du-Carnay is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
YouTube is a video-sharing website on which users can upload , share , and view videos .
The first was written when she was eleven years old and wanted to become a classical composer , and the second was for an assignment when she was in the eighth grade .
Dartmouth alumni , from Daniel Webster to the many donors in the 19th and 20th centuries , have been famously involved in their college .
Instead , refer to the subject of the sentence or use the passive voice -- for example : Do not use : Use : Use : Use : This guideline does not apply to quoted text , which should be quoted exactly .
Austria was annexed to the German Third Reich on 12 March 1938 .
Rhodium is found in platinum ores and is used in alloys with platinum and as a catalyst .
In 1998 , they won their only national title , the Brazilian Third Division -LRB- '' Série C '' -RRB- .
Bradman paid tribute to his wife numerous times , once saying succinctly , '' I would never have achieved what I achieved without Jessie '' .
Cotton began to work with the Muddy Waters Band around 1955 .
The closest relatives of clawed lobsters are the reef lobster Enoplometopus and the three families of freshwater crayfish .
Pulp Fiction is a 1994 crime film directed by Quentin Tarantino , who cowrote its screenplay with Roger Avary .
These templates work similarly to and , but do n't make the template name into a link .
Kuniya Daini is a former Japanese football player .
Teignmouth -LRB- , -RRB- is a town and civil parish in Teignbridge in the English county of Devon , situated on the north bank of the estuary mouth of the River Teign .
It can also be made by placing copper in a solution of nitric acid , sulfuric acid and water .
Since it can be found at all kebab restaurants in Turkey and at most Turkish restaurants around the world , Adana name still bears kebab to many people . Adana Kebab is the most popular dining choice in Adana , although foods from other cultures are getting increasingly popular .
Non-SI measures such as pounds per square inch and bar are used in some parts of the world , primarily in the United States of America .
The Roman province of Macedonia consisted of what is today Northern and Central Greece , much of the geographical area of the present-day Republic of Macedonia and southeast Albania .
Culoz is a commune in the Ain department in the Rhône-Alpes region of France .
The Angled Darkie Allotinus fabius -LRB- Distant & Pryer , 1887 -RRB- is a small butterfly found in India , Myanmar and South East Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family .
Later , when Creeks and others from the tribes of the Southeast United States fled into Spanish Florida and settled new villages among escaped African slaves , they became the Seminoles .
One of the earliest recorded peace treaties was concluded between the Hittite and Egyptian empires after the ca .1274 BC Battle of Kadesh .
But as archaeological sites dating to that time period are rare in Africa , palaeonthologist Curtis Marean analyzed information about the geologic formations , the sea currents , climate data and much more in order to pinpoint his research to destinations where it is most likely early modern man lived .
Esquerdes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They were married on June 28 , 1919 and lived in her mother 's home .
The second movement starts with an Allegro largely based on a single recurring rhythmic cell ; this section has been described as cadenza-like , with very difficult passages in the solo part .
It is the successor to the Royal Ulster Constabulary which , in turn , was the successor to the Royal Irish Constabulary .
influenced =
However , the Leafs have not won the Cup at all since 1967 , the longest-active Cup drought in the NHL , and are the only Original Six team that has not won the Cup since the 1967 NHL expansion .
While this may affect legitimate users , they are not the intended targets and may freely use proxies until those are blocked .
Forest of Marston Vale
The indigenous M ori language name for New Zealand is Aotearoa , commonly translated as land of the long white cloud .
The Palace of Holyroodhouse , commonly referred to as Holyrood Palace , is the official residence of the monarch in Scotland .
He was educated at Hutchesons ' Grammar School , going on to study medicine at the University of Glasgow failing his exams on his first attempt , in 1950 , but passing in a subsequent re-sit .
The process of ore formation is called ore genesis .
Its binary nature was discovered on 10 August , 2000 by a group of astronomers using adaptive optics at the Keck Telescope on Mauna Kea .
General classification -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB- Young riders classification -LRB- 1994 , 1995 -RRB-
The movie was nominated for Razzie Awards for Worst Musical Score by Joe Renzetti , and Worst Supporting Actor -LRB- Billy Barty -RRB- .
Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released November 9 , 2009 on Interscope Records in the United States .
This site is a group of three low mounds that excavations has shown were parts of a single settlement , approximately 5 hectares in size .
A major feature of the blues scale is the use of blue notes , however , since blue notes are considered alternative inflections , a blues scale may be considered to not fit the traditional definition of a scale . At its most basic , a single version of this '' blues scale '' is commonly used over all changes -LRB- or chords -RRB- in a twelve bar blues progression .
pronunciation as '' cow-Eye '' or '' cow-a-ee '' .
1928 & ndash ; Ian Bannen , Scottish actor -LRB- d. 1999 -RRB-
FillÃ is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Brian Blessed , born 9 October 1936 , is an English actor , author and adventurer .
Dinamo Zagreb are the current champions , having won their fifth consecutive title in the 2009 -- 10 season , and are the most successful club with 12 titles overall , followed by Hajduk Split with 6 titles .
Karl Wilhelm Ohnesorge -LRB- 8 June 1872 - 1 February 1962 -RRB- was a German politician in the Third Reich who sat in Hitler 's cabinet .
Because the only application on the device will be a browser incorporating a media player , Google Chrome OS is aimed at users who spend most of their time on the Internet .
He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the eighth round of the 1993 NFL Draft .
Singles match 04:20 7 The Ultimate Warrior defeated Randy Savage -LRB- with Sensational Queen Sherri -RRB- .
-RRB-
Another of Waterhouse 's favorite subjects was Ophelia ; the most famous of his paintings of Ophelia depicts her just before her death , putting flowers in her hair as she sits on a tree branch leaning over a lake .
However , it is scientifically classed in the river dolphin group rather than the oceanic dolphin family .
The first nationally formalised rules were drawn up by the Gaelic Athletic Association -LRB- GAA -RRB- in Ireland in 1884 .
Of several proposed shape models that agreed with the images , a '' snowman '' - like shape was found to best fit the observed precession rate of Hermione 's satellite .
It would be three centuries before Claudius Ptolemaeus ' synthesis of astronomy would supersede the work of Hipparchus ; it is heavily dependent on it in many areas .
It is classified as a D-type asteroid and is probably composed of organic-rich silicates , carbon and anhydrous silicates .
Once widespread across the Holarctic , it has disappeared from many of the more heavily populated areas .
Notable recordings include Faces in the Street , Beneath the Southern Cross , Bushfire , Murrumbidgee and The Shearers Dream -- two of which were released through Australian record label Astor Records .
These territories were ethnically mixed , with Italian , Slovenian , Croatian , Serbian and other communities .
Yekaterinburg 's annual music festival is named after him .
ETH Zurich -LRB- -RRB- or Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich is a science and technology university in the City of Zurich , Switzerland .
King Hethum II of Armenia -LRB- d. 1307 -RRB-
The Acid Survivors Foundation -LRB- ASF -RRB- , Nairpokkho and Action Aid assist survivors in Bangladesh .
It was named '' Banks Land '' in 1820 by Sir William Edward Parry in honor of Sir Joseph Banks .
It is the third part of the original Mega Man series .
Either quotation marks or italic type can emphasize that an instance of a word refers to the word itself rather than its associated concept .
Schläfli discovered that there are precisely six such figures .
The Yin -- drums , percussion -LRB- 2006 -- present -RRB-
The chair is assisted by an elected Bureau including vice-chairs , Working Group co-chairs and a Secretariat -LRB- see below -RRB- .
Since he first appeared in Kirby 's Dream Land , Kirby has received positive reception .
The United States and United Kingdom give up territorial rights in China .
The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog , Rhode Island , and lampoons American culture , society , television and many aspects of the human condition .
Commercial uses are prohibited .
The term men 's bikini is used to describe types of men 's swimsuits , men 's underwear , or similar garments .
In 1950 , General Toftoy brought German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun and his colleagues to Redstone Arsenal to develop what would eventually become the United States ' space program .
Several Roman Catholic priests are put into a prison .
is an American actor and comedian .
Description The Tour de France is a bicycle race known around the world .
Major towns in the province include Cárdenas , Jovellanos and the capital of the same name , Matanzas .
Daffy at first does n't realize that he 's looking into a bowling ball until Michael points it out , and swaps it for a crystal ball .
The next day , it reached tropical storm status .
Taichung County controlled three township-level cities -LRB- ç # è 1\/2 å -RRB- , five urban townships -LRB- é -RRB- , and 13 rural townships -LRB- é -RRB- , which , at the time of the merger with Taichung City , were converted into 21 districts of the new municipality .
After Tim quit to form Rise Against , he was replaced in 1999 by Christopher Gutierrez -LRB- known to Fall Out Boy fans as the '' Hey , Chris '' in '' Grenade Jumper '' from Take This to Your Grave -RRB- .
The league is divided evenly into two conferences -- the American Football Conference -LRB- AFC -RRB- and National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- , and each conference has four divisions that have four teams each , making each conference have 16 teams .
Sometimes this aid comes from a country 's government and sometimes from private donations .
Upon his death in 1885 , his 23-year-old son Walter took over and continued the competition with the old Philharmonic .
The German Workers ' Party -LRB- , abbreviated DAP -RRB- was the short-lived predecessor of the Nazi Party -LRB- , abbreviated NSDAP -RRB- .
He died of complications from colon and brain cancer and pneumonia in Tijuana , Mexico , on April 25 , 1997 .
1936 & ndash ; Infanta Pilar of Spain
Suborder Dinocephalia
It is centered around the city of Trondheim .
However , support of the system continued in Europe and Oceania until the end of 2002 , as well as in Japan , where consoles were still sold until 2006 and new licensed games continued to be released .
The most important hot springs are at Phurchachu -LRB- Reshi -RRB- , Yumthang , Borang , Ralang , Taram-chu and Yumey Samdong .
There have been sixteen games released in the Need for Speed series .
Satoshi Nagano is a Japanese football player currently playing for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
Amphibians , reptiles , birds , and mammals are all tetrapods , and even the limbless snakes are tetrapods by descent .
The album features songs that are considered today among Metallica 's most well-known songs , with songs such as '' Enter Sandman '' , '' The Unforgiven '' , '' Nothing Else Matters '' , '' Wherever I May Roam '' and '' Sad but True '' .
Å wiÄ tokrzyskie Voivodeship , or Å wiÄ tokrzyskie Province , is one of the 16 voivodeships -LRB- provinces -RRB- into which Poland is presently divided .
Giampiero Boniperti -LRB- born 4 July 1928 in Barengo , Piedmont -RRB- is an Italian former football player who played his entire career at Juventus between 1946 and 1961 .
Following a flyby on July 22 , 2006 , in which the Cassini spacecraft 's radar imaged the northern latitudes -LRB- which are currently in winter -RRB- , a number of large , smooth -LRB- and thus dark to radar -RRB- patches were seen dotting the surface near the pole .
In cryptography , RC4 -LRB- also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below -RRB- is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer -LRB- SSL -RRB- -LRB- to protect Internet traffic -RRB- and WEP -LRB- to secure wireless networks -RRB- .
Nobuyuki Kato -LRB- born January 2 , 1920 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Faucoucourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Ars-sur-Formans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Aron Mohamed Winter -LRB- born 1 March 1967 in Paramaribo , Suriname -RRB- is a retired Dutch football midfielder .
In some cultures they are considered to start or separate the seasons , while in others they fall nearer the middle .
No damage or fatalities were reported as a result of Helene .
Archivists , like librarians , are taking advantage of Web 2.0 technologies such as blogs , Archivopedia list of blogs by archivists wikis Archivopedia wiki search , and virtual environmentsVirtual Campus as well as open access and open source philosophies .
Hand-painted tarot cards remained a privilege of the upper classes and , although some sermons inveighing against the evil inherent in cards can be traced to the 14th century , most civil governments did not routinely condemn tarot cards during tarot 's early history . In fact , in some jurisdictions , tarot cards were specifically exempted from laws otherwise prohibiting the playing of cards .
Ducks are mostly aquatic birds , mostly smaller than the swans and geese , and may be found in both fresh water and sea water .
The flowers are also used for herbal tea and tinctures ; this kind of use is particularly popular in Europe and also used in North American herbal medicine practices .
André Tanneberger , commonly called ATB , -LRB- born 26 February 1973 , Freiberg , Saxony , Germany -RRB- is a German DJ , musician , and producer of Trance music .
Larger specimens of these spiders are also sometimes referred to as wood spiders , due to their preference for inhabiting woody places -LRB- forest , mine shafts , woodpiles -RRB- .
Dancing Beijing is the name of the official emblem of the 2008 Summer Olympics , which took place in Beijing in the People 's Republic of China .
Many new ideas generated during the planning process were not described in the original documents .
This period of freedom and prosperity ended in the 16th century , when Spanish viceroy Philibert van Oranje partially destroyed L'Aquila and established Spanish feudalism in its countryside .
Christine de Pizan -LRB- also seen as de Pisan -RRB- -LRB- 1363 -- c. 1434 -RRB- was a woman of the medieval era who strongly challenged misogyny and stereotypes that were prevalent in the male-dominated realm of the arts .
A group home differs from a halfway house in that it is not restricted to recovering addicts or convicted criminals , and also in that residents usually are encouraged or required to take an active role in the maintenance of the household , such as by performing chores or helping to manage a budget .
The first sports car to use a DFV , the Ford P68 , failed to finish a single race because of repeated mechanical and electrical failures .
Barbara Pierce Bush -LRB- born June 8 , 1925 -RRB- is the wife of the 41st President of the United States George H. W. Bush , and mother of the 43rd President George W. Bush and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush .
In mathematics , a spiral is a curve which emanates from a central point , getting progressively farther away as it revolves around the point .
Machine translation , sometimes referred to by the abbreviation MT , also called computer-aided translation , machine-aided human translation MAHT and interactive translation , is a sub-field of computational linguistics that investigates the use of computer software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another .
Allen also owns three professional sports teams : the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League , the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association , and the Seattle Sounders FC franchise in Major League Soccer that began playing in the 2009 season .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from November 26 , 1834 to March 4 , 1837 .
Ali then took control but was not universally accepted as caliph by the governors of Egypt , and later by some of his own guard .
One account says that she used her finger to touch a piece of the silk worm causing a strand of silk come out .
Domestically they hold the best record of five titles in a row , having won the Portuguese Liga 24 times .
He enclosed in his letter a copy of his '' Disputation of Martin Luther on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences , '' which came to be known as The 95 Theses .
The name of the district derives from the city of Jerichow , the name of which is related to that of an early Slavic tribal grouping .
There is also a wide range of shops , mainly located around the Gotthardstrasse .
If Byrne 's vocal harmonies were radical enough , Eno would revise the instrumentation to accompany it , but Byrne avoided writing instrumentation and chose to adapt to the instrumentals as written .
They are listed in Article VI of the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of EnglandArticle VI at episcopalian.org .
Found throughout the Middle East and the Mediterranean region , and increasingly as far north as southern Great Britain due to recently mild British winters , this moth is easily distinguishable from others in this region by a vaguely skull-shaped pattern on its back .
After a fire in 1834 , the present Houses of Parliament were built over the next 30 years .
The small flowers are arranged in spherical to cylindrical inflorescences , with only the stamens prominent .
Banks allow borrowers and lenders , of different sizes , to coordinate their activity .
Saint-Pierre-Saint-Jean is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Sir Frederick Henry Royce , 1st Baronet , OBE -LRB- 27 March 1863 - 22 April 1933 -RRB- was a pioneering car manufacturer , who with Charles Stewart Rolls founded the Rolls-Royce company .
Theory In physics , the word '' monochromatic '' is used more generally to refer to electromagnetic radiation of a single wavelength .
Ã vin-Malmaison is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The only other geographical place they found to be more diverse with regards to languages and cultures was the African continent .
Walt Disney created '' Disney World '' in order to have a vacation resort that was much different from Disneyland 's one-day visit ; this includes a much wider variety of sports , recreation , uniquely-themed resort hotels and entertainment .
John Lennon later recalled , '' I hate it ... He did everything to make it into a single , and it never was and it never could have been . ''
Williams started manufacturing its own cars the following year , and Switzerland 's Clay Regazzoni won Williams ' first race at the 1979 British Grand Prix .
wikiHow 's mission is to build the world 's largest and highest quality how-to manual .
Phillip was appointed Governor of New South Wales , the first European colony on the Australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of Sydney .
Euclidean geometry is a mathematical system attributed to the Alexandrian Greek mathematician Euclid , whose Elements is the earliest known systematic discussion of geometry .
Displayed at right is the web color rosy brown .
Often the early phase , from 1.8 to 1.25 Ma , is considered to be a separate species , Homo ergaster , or it is seen as a subspecies of Homo erectus , Homo erectus ergaster .
Maria Edgeworth was born at Black Bourton , Oxfordshire , the second child of Richard Lovell Edgeworth and Anna Maria Edgeworth née Elers and thus an aunt of Francis Ysidro Edgeworth .
On April 15 , 2008 , she announced that in 2010 the foundation will be opening a museum devoted to Jackie in Lower Manhattan .
During the infiltration , Vaan encounters Balthier and Fran , a pair of sky pirates who are after the magicite that Vaan took .
He moved to Exeter Cathedral three years later , and subsequently held appointments at Leeds Parish Church , Winchester Cathedral and Gloucester Cathedral .
The building stands at 54 stories tall , reaching 806 feet -LRB- 246 meters -RRB- .
Some critics believe that this story was added to One Thousand and One Nights by one of its European translators , Antoine Galland , an 18th-century French orientalist who may have heard it in oral form from a Middle Eastern story-teller from Aleppo .
Liam Fox -LRB- born 22 September 1961 -RRB- is a British Conservative politician , currently Shadow Defence Secretary and Member of Parliament for Woodspring .
If there is a primary topic , then the tag '' -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- '' is added to the name of the disambiguation page , as in Jupiter -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
The Red-crowned Crane is also a symbol of nobility .
Specifically , is the neuter plural of á 1\/4 Ï Ï Î Ï Ï Ï Î Ï , a participle derived from the verb á 1\/4 Ï Î Î Ï Ï Ï Ï Ï -LRB- infinitive : á 1\/4 Ï Î Î Ï Ï Ï Ï Î Î Î 1\/2 -RRB- , '' to hide something away . ''
As one of the biggest clubs in Division Two for 1997-98 , and being managed by Warnock who had achieved no less than five promotions with other clubs in the last 11 years , Oldham Athletic were tipped for an immediate return to Division One , but they finished a disappointing 13th in the league and Warnock resigned .
June -- Antony granted a five-year governorship of northern and central Transalpine Gaul -LRB- France -RRB- and Cisalpine Gaul -LRB- Northern Italy -RRB- .
Pallas 's Cat -LRB- Otocolobus manul , synonym : Felis manul -RRB- , also known as the Manul , is a small wild cat of Central Asia .
The challenges of transporting people and their possessions cross-country during the winter season drove the invention of the snowmobile , an all-terrain vehicle specifically designed for travel across deep snow where other vehicles floundered .
Silver iodate -LRB- AgIO3 -RRB- is a white crystal composed of silver , iodine and oxygen .
Nicknamed the Tykes , they were founded in 1887 under the name Barnsley St. Peter 's . The club colors are red and white , and their home ground since 1888 has been Oakwell .
About 5.1 million tonnes were produced worldwide in 2009 , mainly for use as a solvent and production of methyl methacrylate and bisphenol A. Familiar household uses of acetone are as the active ingredient in nail polish remover and as paint thinner .
The treatment for the music video was percussionist Shawn Crahan 's idea , Crahan calls the music video a '' short film '' and admits that it was a '' very '' expensive video .
The Nook competes with the Amazon Kindle , Sony Reader , Apple 's iBooks for the iPhone and iPad and other readers , and currently includes Wi-Fi and AT&T 3G wireless connectivity , a six inch E Ink display , a web browser , a dictionary , Chess and Sudoku , and a separate , smaller color touchscreen that serves as the primary input device .
The false gharial , like all other crocodilian species , lays eggs .
NOAA Earthquake Database Query It followed a 1241 and 1257 earthquake\/tsunami in the same general area , which both were magnitude 7.0 .
The band 's characteristic costumes are generally made of foam latex , styrofoam , and hardened rubber .
The islands of the national park are of volcanic origin .
Since string theory is widely believed to be a consistent theory of quantum gravity , many hope that it correctly describes our universe , making it a theory of everything .
Amid the upheavals of the First World War and the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire , he volunteered to fight in a detachment in 1915 for the Caucasian Front .
For the administrative region of Azerbaijan , see Fizuli Rayon ; for the city in Azerbaijan , see Füzuli .
Peltz played Katara in the 2010 movie The Last Airbender .
Williams also used his voice talents in ' , as the holographic Dr. Know in the 2001 feature A.I. Artificial Intelligence , the 2005 animated feature Robots , the 2006 Academy Award winning Happy Feet , and an uncredited vocal performance in 2006 's Everyone 's Hero .
It was launched on 2 November 1936 as the BBC Television Service , and was the world 's first regular public television service with a high level of image resolution .
He died in Subotica , and is buried there .
Biography Chad Robert Turton -LRB- also known as Chad Robert Kroeger -RRB- was born in Hanna , Alberta on November 15 , 1974 .
The highest level of approval was 81 % -LRB- in the Czech Republic -RRB- ; the lowest was 47 % -LRB- in Poland -RRB- .
People and culture Kuopio is known as the cultural center of Eastern Finland .
Pizmonim -LRB- Hebrew , singular pizmon -RRB- are traditional Jewish songs and melodies with the intentions of praising God as well as learning certain aspects of traditional religious teachings .
1903 & ndash ; Habib Bourguiba , Tunisian politician -LRB- d. 2000 -RRB-
Random generation affects the precise location of items and vegetation , though most objects and all scenery will remain in their environment square , the placement of which in relation to others is a set constant .
The Silk Road gets its name from the lucrative Chinese silk trade , a major reason for the connection of trade routes into an extensive trans-continental network .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad History This area was historically known as Baad Burhan and is mentioned by Al Biruni in his famous book Ta ` rikh al-Hind , The Chronicles of India , from 1030 .
It restrengthened slightly before making its first landfall near BahÃ a Tortugas , Baja California Sur on September 25 .
Oakland is a city in Coles County , Illinois , United States .
Hurstbourne Acres is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Ned Kelly is a 1970 film .
Tourette syndrome -LRB- also called Tourette 's syndrome , Tourette 's disorder , Gilles de la Tourette syndrome , GTS or , more commonly , simply Tourette 's or TS -RRB- is an inherited neuropsychiatric disorder with onset in childhood , characterized by multiple physical -LRB- motor -RRB- tics and at least one vocal -LRB- phonic -RRB- tic ; these tics characteristically wax and wane .
They were sometimes referred to as the '' long-haired kings '' -LRB- Latin reges criniti -RRB- by contemporaries , for their symbolically unshorn hair -LRB- traditionally the tribal leader of the Franks wore his hair long , as distinct from the Romans and the tonsured clergy -RRB- .
Anghel IordÄ nescu -LRB- born 4 May 1950 in IaÅ i -RRB- is a Major General and former Romanian football striker , currently a politician .
Proyecto 4 -LRB- D.M. -RRB-
Julio turned to the northwest and peaked just before landfall near LÃ zaro CÃ rdenas , MichoacÃ n , on September 26 .
These elements would have some electrons in their 5g subshell and thus have more than 32 electrons in the O shell -LRB- fifth principal shell -RRB- . The valence shell is the outermost shell of an atom .
As a leader of the Whig Party , he was one of the nation 's most prominent conservatives , leading opposition to Democrat Andrew Jackson and the Democratic party .
It belongs to the monotypic genus , Hardella .
After moving over southeastern Louisiana and Breton Sound , it made its third landfall near the Louisiana/Mississippi border with 120 mph -LRB- 195 km/h -RRB- sustained winds , still at Category 3 intensity .
Oats are the only cereal containing a globulin or legume-like protein , avenalin , as the major -LRB- 80 % -RRB- storage protein .
The needles are shed when 4 â '' 10 years old , leaving the branches rough with the retained pulvinus -LRB- an easy means of distinguishing them from other similar genera , where the branches are fairly smooth -RRB- .
Deism can also refer to a personal set of beliefs having to do with the role of nature in spirituality .
Cladoxylopsida
After his graduation Koechlin became a freelance composer and teacher .
Zheng He delivers 300 virgins from Korea to the Chinese emperor .
The Joker -LRB- # 2 , 1973 -RRB- showed audiences a new style of the band .
Kano houses the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos routed through Kaduna , while Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport lies nearby .
Events By Place Western Roman Empire Childeric I , king of the Salian Franks , allies with the Roman general Aegidius against the Visigoths .
A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound , confined spatially , can only take on certain discrete values of energy .
February 11 -- The First Peace of Thorn is signed in Thorn , Monastic State of the Teutonic Knights
After the Yankees took a 4 -- 2 lead on a Don Mattingly 2-RBI double in the 6th inning , the Mariners came back to tie the score at 4 -- 4 in the 8th inning and eventually forced extra innings .
A block cipher encryption algorithm might take -LRB- for example -RRB- a 128-bit block of plaintext as input , and output a corresponding 128-bit block of ciphertext .
Previously known as Pilot , The Pride and Snowfield , the band consists of Tom Smith -LRB- lead vocals , rhythm guitar , piano -RRB- , Chris Urbanowicz -LRB- lead guitar and synthesizer -RRB- , Russell Leetch -LRB- bass guitar synth and live backing vocals -RRB- and Ed Lay -LRB- drums , percussion and live backing vocals -RRB- .
The Ishinomaki Line is a rail line in Miyagi Prefecture , Japan .
Castleton is a honeypot village in the Derbyshire Peak District , in England .
It was probably an active bipedal predator , hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each hind foot .
Amphibia
In 1870 , however , German archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann excavated a site in this area which he identified as Troy ; this claim is now accepted by most scholars .
A small area of convection developed on a trough of low pressure in mid January off Brazil .
Alfredo Almeida Rego -LRB- born 7 April 1903 , CBF profile date of death unknown -RRB- was a Brazilian football player .
This event occurs at the December solstice , when the southern hemisphere is tilted towards the sun to its maximum extent .
She taught music in LycÃ e de Galatasaray for many years .
Career In 1995 , Mellor joined the cast of the soap opera , Hollyoaks in which he played the role of James ` Jambo ' Bolton .
The powerful performance of Landis up to stage 16 of the Tour de France and his comeback in stage 17 is particularly notable given his hip ailment , osteonecrosis , which was revealed in an article in The New York Times during the 2006 Tour de France .
The Pillows -LRB- styled as the pillows -RRB- are a Japanese alternative rock band .
Saddam pushed oil-exporting countries to raise oil prices by cutting back production ; Kuwait refused , however . In addition to refusing the request , Kuwait spearheaded the opposition in OPEC to the cuts that Saddam had requested .
Ludwigsburg is a city in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany , about 12 kilometers -LRB- 7.5 miles -RRB- north of downtown Stuttgart , near the river Neckar .
He assumed office at a critical period , when the republic was all but openly attacked by General Boulanger .
Robinson accepted a contract for $ 400 -LRB- $ in dollars -RRB- per month , a boon for him at the time .
She wrote several books and published articles in the The Ladies ' Home Journal .
William Herschel and Mary had one child , John , born at Observatory House on 7 March 1792 .
A macroscopic view of a ball is just that : a ball .
Budweiser Budvar Brewery -LRB- Bud jovický Budvar -RRB- is a brewery in the city of eské Bud jovice -LRB- Budweis -RRB- , Czech Republic , that is best known for brewing a beer known as Budweiser Budvar in the European Union , Czechvar in the United States and Canada , Czechvar - Distribution and either Budweiser Budvar or Bud jovický Budvar in the rest of the world .
\* # Blocking articles about Sarey Savy .
For Adam Baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of Jayne Cobb was particularly resonant .
The city of Martinsburg was incorporated by an act of the West Virginia Legislature on March 30 , 1868 .
The Christian doctrine of the Ascension holds that Jesus ascended to heaven in the presence of his Eleven Apostles following his resurrection , and that in heaven he sits at the right hand of God the Father .
It is played under the chin in the same manner as the violin .
The surface of Amalthea is very red -LRB- that is , its reflectivity increases with the wavelength from the green to near-infrared -RRB- . The reddish color may be due to sulfur originating from Io or some other non-ice material .
North by Northwest is a 1959 American thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , starring Cary Grant , Eva Marie Saint and James Mason , and featuring Leo G. Carroll and Martin Landau .
The game will have four difficulty levels and the same game modes as Bop It .
Acetobacter is a genus of acetic acid bacteria characterized by the ability to convert alcohol -LRB- ethanol -RRB- to acetic acid in the presence of oxygen .
As Pavlov 's work became known in the West , particularly through the writings of John B. Watson , the idea of '' conditioning '' as an automatic form of learning became a key concept in the developing specialism of comparative psychology , and the general approach to psychology that underlay it , behaviorism .
After that , it slowly weakened , looped counter-clockwise , and headed east towards the west coast of North America .
FÄ gÄ raÅ Mountains , are the highest mountains of the Southern Carpathians , in Romania .
He gave Casals instruction in piano , song , violin , and organ .
During the last ten days of Ramadan , larger mosques within the Muslim community will host i ` tikaf , a practice in which at least one Muslim man from the community must participate .
The tracks consists of four different types :
See Kadikoi for the village on the Crimean peninsula , in Ukraine .
The north side of the perimeter wall is still standing ; the distinctive triangular brick wedges at each end are modern additions , having been constructed in the early 19th century to shore up the wall .
Högenbach -LRB- creek -RRB- -LRB- left affluence from the Pommelsbrunn direction -RRB-
Surtur -LRB- -RRB- , or Saturn XLVIII -LRB- provisional designation S/2006 S 7 -RRB- , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Proper animal husbandry is the most significant factor in captive lifespan , this includes providing adequate space , correct temperatures and humidity and suitable food items .
Flubber is a 1997 comedy film and is a remake of The Absent-Minded Professor -LRB-/O1961/O-RRB- .
In most European countries and in countries that have cultures predominantly influenced by Europe -LRB- such as individuals with European heredity who populate North and South America , Australia , New Zealand , etc. -RRB- , the given name usually comes before the family name -LRB- though generally not in lists and catalogs -RRB- , and so is known as a forename or first name .
She was the only surviving legitimate child of King James V . She was six days old when her father died and made her Queen of Scots .
The descendants of Abbas displaced the Umayyad rulers and were known as the Abbasids , this dynasty and governed for 500 years from Baghdad , Iraq .
However , the mainstream is far from cohesive ; rather the concept is often considered a cultural construct .
The current -LRB- 9th -RRB- bishop is the Right Revd Christopher Cocksworth .
Ringer , p. 215 The claim that L'incoronazione is the first opera on an historical rather than a mythical theme is compromised by the appearances of the Roman gods , who initiate the action and intervene or comment at later points ; but the story is based on real people , and refers to actual events .
Forsberg remained in Sweden , playing for Modo for the following three years .
It is named after Plymouth , Devon , England , which is , in turn , named after its location at mouth of the River Plym .
The effect of a key signature continues throughout a piece or movement , unless explicitly canceled by another key signature .
West released his debut album The College Dropout in 2004 , his second album Late Registration in 2005 , his third album Graduation in 2007 , and his fourth album 808s & Heartbreak in 2008 .
The Polynesian Rat , or Pacific Rat -LRB- Rattus exulans -RRB- , known to the M ori as kiore , is the third most widespread species of rat in the world behind the Brown Rat and Black Rat .
The most common translation of Historikerstreit in English language academic discourse is perhaps '' the historians ' dispute '' , though the German term is itself often used .
Ganshoren is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
She added a small group of dancers to the company , Sadler 's Wells Theatre opened , and the Vic-Wells Opera Company was formed .
Donald is a white anthropomorphic duck with a yellow-orange bill , legs , and feet .
The band recorded the album with producer Ken Andrews -LRB- Pete Yorn , Mae -RRB- in Los Angeles in spring 2007 .
Many universities and junior colleges also offer goldsmithing , silversmithing and metal arts fabrication as a part of their fine arts curriculum .
One of rock music 's most successful acts , the group have sold over 200 million albums worldwide , including 74.5 million certified units in the United States alone .
However , the word '' claw '' is also often used in reference to an invertebrate .
Carroll M. Ebright -LRB- March 20 , 1894 - November 1979 -RRB- , better known as Ky Ebright was a legendary coach for the University of California , Berkeley crew team .
They stayed at Penarth , where he painted at least six oils of the sea and the cliffs .
The medieval city of Media .
Egg white is the common name for the clear liquid -LRB- also called the albumen or the glair\/glaire -RRB- contained within an egg .
It involves specifying the objective of the business venture or project and identifying the internal and external factors that are favorable and unfavorable to achieve that objective .
Bestla or Saturn XXXIX -LRB- provisional designation S\/2004 S 18 -RRB- is a retrograde irregular satellite of Saturn .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson -LRB- born April 24 , 1982 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
Dough is a paste made out of any cereals -LRB- grains -RRB- or leguminous crops by mixing flour with a small amount of water and\/or other liquid .
White nodules that look like white grains of salt or sugar of up to 1 mm appear on the body , fins and gills .
He entered his composition under the nom de plume of '' Orpheus '' .
Isbergues is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Early life William was born in the early hours of the morning on 21 August 1765 at Buckingham House , the third child and son of King George III and Queen Charlotte .
Evelyn Rothwell married John Barbirolli in 1939 after his divorce from his first wife .
Nanne Grönvall -LRB- born Marianne Elisabeth Nordqvist on 18 May 1962 in Stockholm -RRB- is a Swedish singer-songwriter .
Charles IV , known as the Fair -LRB- 18\/19 June 1294 â '' 1 February 1328 -RRB- , was the King of France and of Navarre -LRB- as Charles I -RRB- and Count of Champagne from 1322 to his death : he was the last French king of the senior Capetian lineage .
The bombings were carried out by four Muslim men , three of British Pakistani and one of British Jamaican descent , who were motivated by the teachings of Osama Bin Ladin , opposition to British support of Saudi Arabia , and anger of Britain 's involvement in the Iraq War .
In 1941 he went to Brazil , where in 1942 he and his second wife Charlotte Elisabeth Altmann committed suicide together in Petrópolis .
History From 1795 on , ethylene was referred as the olefiant gas -LRB- oil-making gas -RRB- , because it combined with chlorine to produce the oil of the Dutch -LRB- 1,2-dichloroethane -RRB- .
Eoin Colfer -LRB- , '' Owen '' ; born 14 May 1965 -RRB- is an Irish author and comedian .
Historically , the tallest individual is claimed to be the Ferguson Tree , at , found in the Watts River region of Victoria in 1871 or 1872 .
The Space Shuttle , part of the Space Transportation System -LRB- STS -RRB- , is an American spacecraft operated by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration -LRB- NASA -RRB- for orbital human spaceflight missions .
European Magazine reported that he commented to a bookseller from Cornhill -LRB- a Mr. Sewell -RRB- :
The name PetSmart was coined as a pun , since its name serves both as Pet Smart and Pets ' Mart .
Iron -LRB- III -RRB- oxide dissolves readily in strong acid , e.g. hydrochloric and sulfuric acids .
The current Mayor of London , he previously served as the Conservative Member of Parliament for Henley-on-Thames and as editor of The Spectator magazine .
The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England .
The muskets that the Mughals and the rest of India used were made of the finest quality wootz steel .
This base class is defined to be used in Device Descriptors to indicate that class information should be determined from the Interface Descriptors in the device .
On October 22 , the California Highway Patrol closed Interstate 15 in both directions between State Routes 78 and 56 .
Computer Organization and Design , Second Edition , Morgan Kaufmann Publishers , p. 715 .
He became more successful upon his return when he won the Best of the Super Juniors 1996 tournament of junior heavyweights .
Most electronically processed data storage media -LRB- including some forms of computer data storage -RRB- are considered permanent -LRB- non-volatile -RRB- storage , that is , the data will remain stored when power is removed from the device .
Before returning that Qur ` an text to Hafsa , Uthman immediately made several copies of Abu Bakr 's Qur ' anic compilation and ordered all other texts to be burned .
His political career spanned over half a century , from 1917 to 1973 ; he served multiple terms as head of government and head of state , and is credited with a leading role in the authorship of the present-day Constitution of Ireland .
He concluded that a severe backlash against suspected Catholics would have followed , and that without foreign assistance a successful rebellion would have been unlikely ; despite differing religious convictions , most Englishmen were loyal to the institution of the monarchy .
Disk Management : Microsoft Technet The Windows 2000 Server family has additional features , Windows 2000 Server Family including the ability to provide Active Directory services -LRB- a hierarchical framework of resources -RRB- , Distributed File System -LRB- a file system that supports sharing of files -RRB- and fault-redundant storage volumes .
Several other species , especially from the high plateau and mountains of central Tasmania such as Eucalyptus coccifera , Eucalyptus subcrenulata , and Eucalyptus gunnii , have produced extreme cold-hardy forms and it is seed procured from these genetically hardy strains that are planted for ornament in colder parts of the world .
King Charles I of England disbands the English Parliament .
Pidgin -LRB- formerly named Gaim -RRB- is a multi-platform instant messaging client , based on a library named libpurple .
Hoplobatrachus tigerinus , the Indus Valley Bullfrog or Indian Bullfrog , is a large species of frog found in India and Pakistan .
Frampton Comes Alive !
At the beginning of World War I in August 1914 Seyss-Inquart enlisted with the Austrian Army and was given a commission with the Tyrolean Kaiserjäger , subsequently serving in Russia , Romania and also Italy .
Gale : 1987 ISBN : 081034419X pg 11 French novelist , playwright , poet , essayist , and political activist .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 , and given the temporary designation S\/2003 S 1 .
The two most common allotropes are white phosphorus and red phosphorus . Red phosphorus is an intermediate phase between white and violet phosphorus .
Barbara Pierce Bush -LRB- born November 25 , 1981 ; Dallas , Texas -RRB- is the elder of the fraternal twin daughters -LRB- the other is Jenna Hager , née Bush -RRB- of the 43rd U.S. President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush , and the granddaughter of the 41st U.S. President George H. W. Bush .
Heinz Fischer -LRB- born 9 October 1938 -RRB- is the federal president of Austria .
The Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree , planted in 1873 and one of two original orange trees in California , and the historic Mission Inn are landmarks in the city .
Traditionally , solutions are represented in binary as strings of 0s and 1s , but other encodings are also possible .
Apremont is a commune in the department of Ain in the Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France .
Deleted songs All of the below songs were the original songs by Terry Gilkyson .
Brain filled the position as principal horn in both .
History The district was created on December 6 1993 by merging the previous districts Gransee and Oranienburg .
The fore wing is white with a variable amount of black spots -LRB- some individuals lack these spots -RRB- .
In 1970 the Mission â was recognized as the center of the City of San Luis Obispo , with the dedication of Mission Plaza .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
The club was founded in 1919 .
If the animal lives for ten days and does not develop rabies , then it is probable that no infection has occurred .
The Federal Finance Court was established in 1918 and has its seat in Munich .
Albert Einstein publishes the article On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies where he reveals his theory of special relativity .
The IP should be unblocked once the proxy has been closed .
Includes Pages , for word-processing , Numbers for spreadsheets , and Keynote , for presentations .
Northwestern University -LRB- NU -RRB- is a non-sectarian private research university located primarily in Evanston , Illinois .
Composers from non-Western cultures , such as T ru Takemitsu , and jazz musicians such as Duke Ellington , Gil Evans , Art Tatum , and Cecil Taylor , also have been strongly influenced by the impressionist musical language -LRB- Pasler 2001 -RRB- .
It was the dominant political party in the United States from 1800 to 1824 , when it split into competing factions , one of which became the modern Democratic Party .
The Hamilton arena offered to provide a home for the Wanderers , but Lichtenhein disbanded the team on January 4 , after the other clubs refused to give him any players .
The Municipal Secretariat of the Environment maintains a botanical garden and three green houses for the annual production of 150,000 seedlings of native and exotic tree species , 16,000 seedlings of fruit trees , 260,000 seedlings of flowers , foliage and underbrush , as well as the maintenance of 350,000 seedlings .
Although he considered himself to be a painter of history in the tradition of Nicolas Poussin and Jacques-Louis David , by the end of his life it was Ingres 's portraits , both painted and drawn , that were recognized as his greatest legacy .
Saorge is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
An avid animal lover , Winter featured an animal up for adoption for each hour of the morning show during his weather segments on behalf of local animal shelters .
Anthrax is an American heavy metal band from New York City , formed in 1981 .
The home kit today remains royal blue shirts , white shorts and white socks although when playing teams away who also wear white shorts Everton typically wear all blue .
The song was written in 1990 , and was partially influenced by '' Psycho Killer '' by the Talking Heads .
The district of Conthey is an administrative district in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
85 -- 105 Cowan , Ian B. & Easson , David E. , Medieval Religious Houses : Scotland With an Appendix on the Houses in the Isle of Man , Second Edition , -LRB- London , 1976 -RRB- , pp .
Malaria caused by Plasmodium vivax , Plasmodium ovale and Plasmodium malariae is generally a milder disease that is rarely fatal .
Metzgeriales -LRB- simple thalloids -RRB-
Physicists use the scientific method to test the validity of a physical theory , using a methodical approach to compare the implications of the theory in question with the associated conclusions drawn from experiments and observations conducted to test it .
It is part of the Hamburg Metropolitan Region , and one of Hamburg 's inner suburbs .
Yasuyuki Konno -LRB- , born January 25 , 1983 in Sendai , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who plays for F.C. Tokyo in Japan 's professional J. League .
Federal Emergency Management Agency -LRB- FEMA -RRB- representatives coordinated with local emergency management officials in the United States Virgin Islands to determine if preparation necessities would be adequate , such as hospital usage , shelters , and sand bags .
His real name was Pietro Francesco Caletti-Bruni , but he is better known by that of Cavalli , the name of his patron Federico Cavalli , a Venetian nobleman .
In late summer 1644 war came to Golant and the surrounding area .
A British team was sent to negotiate with the king of Sikkim .
Definitions of what constitutes dance are dependent on social , cultural , aesthetic artistic and moral constraints and range from functional movement -LRB- such as folk dance -RRB- to codified , virtuoso techniques such as ballet .
Perspiring due to nerves and a lingering cold , the tenor clutched a handkerchief throughout the début .
ACM Queue - Beyond Server Consolidation Amazon.com was the first such provider , modernising its data centers which , like most computer networks , were using as little as 10 % of its capacity at any one time just to leave room for occasional spikes .
On the elevated ground between Shap and Tebay , the north and south-bound carriages split apart .
The earliest gharial may have been related to the modern types : some died out at the same time as the dinosaurs -LRB- at the end of the Cretaceous -RRB- , others survived until the early Eocene .
Eldest was first published in hardcover on August 23 , 2005 , and was released in paperback in September 2006 .
The interior floor is relatively featureless save for several tiny craterlets .
It is his fourth album release in the United States , and his fifth for Capitol Records .
For part of its length , the International Date Line follows the meridian of 180 Â longitude , roughly down the middle of the Pacific Ocean .
It is on Hale Road near the Tottenham Hale one-way gyratory system .
Thus , many Alaska plaice get caught anyway , so much that , for example , the 2005 total allowable catch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands management area -LRB- BSAI -RRB- was reached before the end of May of that year .
The third single Save You was released in August 14 .
La Lande-sur-Drôme is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Pipelining does n't reduce the time it takes to complete an instruction rather it increases the number of instructions that can be processed at once and it reduces the delay between completed instructions - called ` throughput ' .
Eirene , or Irene -LRB- .
Ice hockey and the Montreal Canadiens He was a referee in the National Hockey Association and was involved with the St. Jacques minor hockey team in the Montreal area .
Tomasz MirosÅ aw Kuszczak -LRB- ; born 20 March 1982 -RRB- is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Manchester United and the Polish national team .
This may involve removal of penis , testicles or breasts , or the fashioning of a vagina or breasts .
The stern is the rear or aft part of a ship or boat , technically defined as the area built up over the sternpost , extending upwards from the counter to the taffrail . The stern lies opposite of the bow , the foremost part of a ship .
Known for its harsh conditions , dark history and stark beauty , it is located approximately 60 km south east of the state capital , Hobart .
CdS is known as cadmium yellow -LRB- CI pigment yellow 37 -RRB- .
1975 & ndash ; Papua New Guinea joins the United Nations .
Formal academic sociology was established by Émile Durkheim -LRB- 1858 -- 1917 -RRB- , who developed positivism as a foundation to practical social research .
Baccarat is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France .
During his life , Cherubini received France 's highest and most prestigious honors . These included the Chevalier de la LÃ gion d'honneur -LRB- 1814 -RRB- and Membre de l'Acad Ã mie des Beaux-Arts -LRB- 1815 -RRB- .
Website of the City of Düsseldorf : Short overview on the borough of Gerresheim -LRB- German -RRB-
Mönchengladbach -LRB- -RRB- is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Hence , Yu Prefecture became Chongqing subprefecture to mark the occasion .
Gremin sings of his great happiness with Tatyana , and introduces Onegin to her .
Other mosque bombings in Iraq , both before and after the February 2006 bombing , have been part of the conflict between the country 's groups of Muslims .
The University of Erlangen is founded .
The Red Fox -LRB- Vulpes vulpes -RRB- is a small canid native to much of Eurasia and North America , as well as northern Africa .
It was one of the most significant events concerning ecology , agriculture , and culture in all of human history .
Saint-Martin-des-Tilleuls is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins is a platforming video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy .
Verton is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Ian MacCormick -LRB- 3 October 1948 â '' 20 August 2003 -RRB- , who wrote under the pseudonym Ian MacDonald , was a British music critic and author , best known for his detailed history of The Beatles and The New Shostakovich , a controversial study of the Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich .
The county was formed in 1839 from the western part of Macon County .
Different attack models are used for other cryptographic primitives , or more generally for all kind of security systems .
Calderón was educated at the Jesuit College in Madrid , the Colegio Imperial , with a view to taking orders ; but instead , he studied law at Salamanca .
Nickelodeon -LRB- usually abbreviated as Nick , and originally named Pinwheel from December 1 , 1977 to March 31 , 1979 -RRB- is an American cable television network owned by MTV Networks , a subsidiary of Viacom International .
Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge -LRB- Ë dÊ ' É '' rdi lÉ Ë fÉ '' rdÊ ' -RRB- is a regular character in the television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , played by LeVar Burton .
On October 13 , 2008 , Chrysler announced that the shutdown of the Newark Assembly facility producing the Dodge Durango and Chrysler Aspen would be moved up to the end of 2008 , effectively ending production of the Durango and Durango Hybrid for the 2009 model year .
Jennifer Marie Capriati -LRB- born March 29 , 1976 , in New York City -RRB- is a former professional tennis player , ranked number one in the world for a short time , and the winner of three women 's singles championships in Grand Slam tournaments .
A drum kit -LRB- also drum set , or trap set -RRB- is a collection of drums , cymbals and often other percussion instruments , such as cowbells , wood blocks , triangles , darbukas , chimes , or tambourines , arranged for convenient playing by a single person -LRB- drummer -RRB- .
This generation of the Taurus was sold in the Middle East as the Ford Five Hundred from 2008 .
It was released on September 21 , 1999 by Columbia Records .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration -LRB- NASA , -RRB- is an agency of the United States government , responsible for the nation 's public space program .
Biot is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
County Sligo -LRB- -RRB- is one of the twenty-six counties of the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two counties of Ireland .
Other terms that are used to mean the same thing are partition , logical volume , and in some cases a virtual disk -LRB- vdisk -RRB- .
Built around 2600 BCE , the city was one of the early urban settlements in the world , existing at the same time as the civilizations of ancient Egypt , Mesopotamia , and Crete .
The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .
Big Bear Lake is a city in San Bernardino County , California along the south shore of Big Bear Lake , located 25 m northeast of the city of San Bernardino .
This is probably one of the sources of Sarasvati/Benzaiten 's close association with snakes and dragons in Japan .
Alairac is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
Kreuzlingen District is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Gilf Kebir -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- var .
August 22 & ndash ; James Cook claims the eastern coast of New Holland -LRB- Australia -RRB- for Great Britain .
According to Guinness World Records , VatnajÃ kull is the object of the world 's longest sight line , 550 km from SlÃ ttaratindur , the highest mountain in the Faroe Islands .
In 1929 , Gimnasia y Esgrima obtained its only First Division title in the amateur era , after a campaign that included fourteen victories and three defeats .
Events By Place Europe June 25 - Battle of Fontenay : Louis the German and Charles the Bald defeat Lothar .
By metonymy , the term is used of a group of Christian Churches that have this close relationship of communion with each other .
The Russians are thought to have begun logging the old-growth forests directly above the coastal prairie in the early 19th century .
The being can either create a stone which it can not lift , or it can not create a stone which it can not lift .
Gréez-sur-Roc is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
These beliefs have heavily influenced the Western Esoteric Tradition and were considered to be of great importance during the Renaissance .
In 2008 and now 2009 , Gammer was named Hardcore DJ of the year , a major honor won previously by Darren Styles .
In 1903 she married John William Thompson at Twickenham Parish Church , with whom she had a daughter , Winifred Grace -LRB-/O1903/O-RRB- and two sons , Henry Basil -LRB-/O1909/O-RRB- and Peter Redmond -LRB-/O1918/O-RRB- -LRB- later lost at sea in 1941 -RRB- .
Today no one finds any there , except some on Kangaroo Island , but some people put them there .
La Chapelle-Anthenaise is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Bretteville-sur-Laize is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Subgenres include contemporary gospel , urban contemporary gospel -LRB- sometimes referred to as '' black gospel '' -RRB- , Southern gospel , and modern gospel music -LRB- now more commonly known as praise and worship music or contemporary Christian music -RRB- .
Foreign minister In 1956 , she became Foreign Minister under Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion .
Because they use no fuel and they cost nothing to run , humanitarian organizations are promoting their use worldwide to help slow deforestation and desertification , caused by using wood as fuel for cooking .
For Super Bowl XXXIII in 1999 , Heat aired as Halftime Heat on the USA Network during halftime of the Super Bowl . These specials ended following the show 's move to MTV in 2000 .
1653 & ndash ; Prince George of Denmark , prince consort of Anne of England -LRB- d. 1708 -RRB-
Mary Stevenson Cassatt -LRB- ; May 22 , 1844June 14 , 1926 -RRB- was an American painter and printmaker .
The Author 's Farce is not a standard comedy ; rather , it is a farce , and as such employs petty forms of humor like slapstick .
1301 & ndash ; Ralph Stafford , 1st Earl of Stafford , English soldier -LRB- d. 1372 -RRB-
The Standard Model of particle physics is a theory of three of the four known fundamental interactions and the elementary particles that take part in these interactions .
There are more than 5000 recorded art sites illustrating Aboriginal culture over thousands of years .
Most stage victories in one Tour de France : 8 , in 1970 and 1974 -LRB- shared with Charles Pélissier in 1930 and Freddy Maertens in 1976 -RRB- .
Margaret Mackall Smith '' Peggy '' Taylor -LRB- September 21 , 1788 -- August 14 , 1852 -RRB- , wife of Zachary Taylor , was First Lady of the United States from 1849 to 1850 .
Though being young in the industry , he already has a large following of fans , an official fanclub and the first MediaCorp star to start a successful movie career .
A hysterectomy -LRB- from Greek hystera '' womb '' and ektomia '' a cutting out of '' -RRB- is the surgical removal of the uterus , usually performed by a gynecologist .
Later that same year , she recorded a solo demo and was signed by Jive Records .
The star is of apparent magnitude 5.49 , and so is visible from the Earth with binoculars , or with the naked eye under dark sky conditions .
Lucéram is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The screenplay by Linklater and Eric Schlosser is loosely based on Schlosser 's bestselling 2001 non-fiction book Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal .
He settled in Beverly Hills , California , where his many expatriate neighbors included the German writer Thomas Mann .
Between 1928 and 1958 Dobson established a worldwide network of ozone monitoring stations which continues to operate today .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Saba Qom Football Club -LRB- -RRB- is a football team based in Qom , Iran .
It is divided into three parts , the Inferno , Purgatorio , and Paradiso .
In other media Apart from his platform-game appearances , Mario has appeared in many other games , and has made guest appearances in non-Mario games , such as Mike Tyson 's Punch-Out !
Diffusion means that the output bits should depend on the input bits in a very complex way .
The scaphoid contributes to the stability of the midcarpus as it articulates distally with the trapezium and the trapezoid .
The term mistress may refer in a somewhat old-fashioned way to a female lover of an already married or unmarried man .
S. aureus can cause a range of illnesses from minor skin infections , such as pimples , impetigo -LRB- may also be caused by Streptococcus pyogenes -RRB- , boils -LRB- furuncles -RRB- , cellulitis folliculitis , carbuncles , scalded skin syndrome and abscesses , to life-threatening diseases such as pneumonia , meningitis , osteomyelitis , endocarditis , toxic shock syndrome -LRB- TSS -RRB- , and septicemia .
Benjamin was a grandson of President William Henry Harrison and great-grandson of revolutionary leader and former Virginia governor Benjamin Harrison V. Calhoun , pp .
The West is published in tabloid format , as is the state 's other major newspaper , The Sunday Times , a News Limited publication .
After organising and conducting a performance of Mahler 's Second Symphony whilst still at the Academy , he was talent-spotted by the music agent Martin Campell-White , of Harold Holt Ltd. -LRB- now Askonas Holt Ltd. -RRB- , who has since managed Rattle 's career .
Papyrus usually grow 2 â '' 3 meters -LRB- 5 â '' 9 ft -RRB- tall .
The following table summarizes the usage share of browsers for the indicated month .
Tendons and muscles work together and can only exert a pulling force .
According to the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes , 74 % of critics gave the film positive reviews , based on 38 reviews .
During the period of Austro-Hungarian rule in Transylvania and Ottoman suzerainty over Wallachia and Moldavia , most Romanians were in the situation of being second-class citizens or even non-citizens in a territory where they formed the majority of the population .
Postmodern feminists argue that sex and gender are socially constructed , that it is impossible to generalize women 's experiences across cultures and histories , and that dualisms and traditional gender , feminism , and politics are too limiting .
The so-called Tempietto -LRB- Italian : '' small temple '' -RRB- is a small commemorative martyrium built by Donato Bramante , possibly as early as 1502 , in the courtyard of San Pietro in Montorio .
University of Balochistan was established in 1971 at Quetta , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Sapignies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The frequency of decreased lactase activity ranges from as little as 5 % in northern Europe , up to 71 % for Sicily , to more than 90 % in some African and Asian countries .
The etiology of the inflammation in the colon is undetermined ; for example , colitis may be applied to Crohn 's disease at a time when the diagnosis has not declared itself .
Wider rain bands can occur behind cold fronts , which tend to have more stratiform , and less convective , precipitation .
The calcium carbonate or silica spicules of most sponge genera make them too rough for most uses , but two genera , Hippospongia and Spongia , have soft , entirely fibrous skeletons .
Directly following the establishment of the Geneva Convention , the first national societies were founded in Belgium , Denmark , France , Oldenburg , Prussia , Spain , and WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg .
In March 1919 , the national assembly passed a law founding a 420,000 strong preliminary army as Vorläufige Reichswehr .
is a surgical simulation game developed for the Nintendo DS and the fourth in the Trauma Center series .
On June 4 , 2007 , he received his country 's highest decoration , the Gran Cruz de la Orden del Sol del Perú . ''
Nouns In German , all nouns and noun-like words are capitalized .
The azuki bean -LRB- , formerly spelled adzuki or aduki -RRB- is an annual vine widely grown throughout East Asia and the Himalayas for its small -LRB- approximately 5 mm -RRB- bean .
He was also a member of a local charitable organization and Gasparilla krewe , The Rough Riders , who help underprivileged and sick children by distributing teddy bears at homeless shelters and in hospitals .
There are dollar bills that are worth 1 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , and 100 dollars .
In cognitive linguistics , conceptual metaphor , or cognitive metaphor , refers to the understanding of one idea , or conceptual domain , in terms of another , for example , understanding quantity in terms of directionality -LRB- e.g. '' prices are rising '' -RRB- .
This catalyst uses O2 -LRB- oxygen -RRB- in the exhaust gas stream to convert CO -LRB- carbon monoxide -RRB- to CO2 -LRB- carbon dioxide -RRB- and HC -LRB- hydrocarbons -RRB- to H2O -LRB- water -RRB- and CO2 .
Clarke holds the position , as did Straw , while serving as a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons ; Jack Straw was the first Lord Chancellor since the seventeenth century not to be a peer .
Mika Pohjola -LRB- -LRB- born December 1 , 1971 -RRB- is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer , who resides in New York City .
Gustav Mahler and Jean Sibelius are examples of composers who took the traditional symphonic forms and reworked them .
One of the major criticisms of this law is the confusion caused when some states recognize a new entity , but other states do not .
In 1889 , a Tokyo municipal committee drew up plans for an elevated railway line connecting the T kaid Main Line terminal at Shinbashi to the Nippon Railway -LRB- now T hoku Main Line -RRB- terminal at Ueno .
Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Languages that are official within regions or provinces or federal units within a State -LRB- for example Catalan in Spain -RRB- are not classified as official languages of the State and may therefore benefit from the Charter . On the other hand , the Republic of Ireland has not been able to sign the Charter on behalf of the Irish language -LRB- although a minority language -RRB- as it is defined as the first official language of the state .
The concerts after did not make money either , with fighting between Sherman and the rest of the band resulting in him leaving , and Hillel Slovak returning .
In 1863 forty-eight counties in the northwest separated to form a new state of West Virginia , which chose to remain loyal to the Union .
Premiitaj kaj aliaj noveloj , seven short novels , originally written in Esperanto , Zagreb : Internacia Kultura Servo , 1974 , 52 pages .
Images page shows the main picture from that day and four searches that refers to that image with three preview pictures per search term .
As fully God , he rose to life again .
Ankeny was founded by John Ankeny in 1875 and was incorporated on February 28 , 1903 .
The custard base is normally flavoured with just vanilla , but it can be enhanced with chocolate , a liqueur , fruit , etc. .
The series appeared in Weekly Shonen Magazine and has been collected in eleven volumes -LRB- with fourteen volumes in total -RRB- , which have sold over 6 million copies in Japan , and received the Kodansha Manga Award for shÅ nen in 2001 .
Most of the story , which continues 45 days after the crash , focuses on the growing conflict between the survivors and the Others , with the continued clash between faith and science being thematic in certain episodes .
It is the Mother Church of the Diocese of Salisbury , and seat of the Bishop of Salisbury , the Rt .
It is one of three genera commonly referred to as sage .
Post-main sequence As stars of at least 0.4 solar masses exhaust their supply of hydrogen at their core , their outer layers expand greatly and cool to form a red giant .
At the age of 80 , he recorded his playing on piano roll for the Welte-Mignon company , making him the earliest-born pianist to have his playing preserved in any format .
There was some question over the legality of using the old Routemaster under the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 as the Routemasters were inaccessible for wheelchair users .
Later in the 2010 season Denny finished 43rd in the Emory Healthcare 500 at Atlanta Motor Speedway , marking the first , last place finish of Hamlin 's career .
In the United Kingdom , many county names derive from the name of the county town with the word '' shire '' added on : for example , Gloucester , in Gloucestershire ; Worcester , in Worcestershire ; etc./O. Etymology of the word county .
The canton forms a single administrative district , which comprises eleven municipalities .
March 5 & ndash ; Battle of Aizkraukle : Lithuanian forces led by Traidenis defeat the Teutonic Knights .
November 9 , 1997 - At the Survivor Series , with the match between Shawn Michaels and WWF Champion Bret '' The Hitman '' Hart for the WWF Title , when Michaels locked Bret Hart into Bret 's own submission , The Sharpshooter , Vince McMahon , who was at ringside , ordered referee Earl Hebner to ring the bell .
With a stage show that features guillotines , electric chairs , fake blood , boa constrictors and baby dolls , Cooper has drawn equally from horror movies , vaudeville , and garage rock to pioneer a grandly theatrical and violent brand of heavy metal that was designed to shock .
Jacques Curie -LRB- 1856 -- 1941 -RRB- , French physicist , Pierre 's brother
Time 100 : Mao Zedong By Jonathan D. Spence , April 13 , 1998 .
Marinho Peres , real name MÃ rio Peres Ulibarri , -LRB- born March 19 , 1947 in Sorocaba -RRB- was a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player from Brazil .
She is known for her role as Lynette Scavo , the hectic Super-Mom on the ABC show Desperate Housewives , which earned her an Emmy Award .
Boateng identifies Pelé and Rivaldo as his role models , occasionally imitating the Brazilian duo with crowd-pleasing moments .
MogtÃ do is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in central-eastern Burkina Faso .
Art historian Ernst Gombrich described cubism as '' the most radical attempt to stamp out ambiguity and to enforce one reading of the picture - that of a man-made construction , a colored canvas . ''
He was elected Member of Parliament for Sheffield Hallam in the 2005 general election and became the Liberal Democrats ' Home Affairs spokesperson in 2006 .
but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor jin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
This conclusion was reached by noting similarities in the damage to the skull and eye sockets of the Taung Child with damage to the skulls of modern primates known to have been killed by eagles .
The Toronto Maple Leafs were the Stanley Cup champions as they defeated the Chicago Black Hawks four games to two .
It orbits Jupiter at a distance of ~ 128,000 km -LRB- 1.79 Jupiter radii -RRB- within the planet 's main ring .
Stade de Reims -LRB- ; commonly referred to as Stade Reims or simply Reims -RRB- is a French association football club based in Reims .
Albert Jacka VC , MC & Bar -LRB- 10 January 1893 -- 17 January 1932 -RRB- was an Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest decoration for gallantry '' in the face of the enemy '' that can be awarded to members of the British and Commonwealth armed forces .
With the invention of the moveable type printing press by Johannes Gutenberg around 1450 , printingâ '' and printersâ '' proliferated throughout Europe .
The room features many photographs of Jordison on the walls and he is in a chair being pampered by several females .
It is 128 k long and has a watershed of 3990 k. With the Mogami River and the Kuma River , it is regarded as one of the three most rapid flows of Japan .
Furthermore , the Jewish Defense League was suspected of plotting to bomb the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California .
The song opens with an acoustic guitar part , backed by a mimicking electric guitar , then forwards to the lead guitar line .
Called upon mostly for special occasions , kimono dressers both work out of hair salons and make house calls .
bar :1861 text :1861
The elastic modulus of an object is defined as the slope of its stress-strain curve in the elastic deformation region :
Tallinn is situated on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland , in north-western Estonia .
PokÃ mon also appeared on the cover of the U.S. magazine Time in 1999 .
Laura Prepon -LRB- pronounced pree-pawn , born March 7 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actress , best known for her role as Donna Pinciotti in the long-running Fox situation comedy That '70s Show , for all eight seasons . She is also known for the role of Hannah Daniels on the ABC drama October Road .
All shows listed were broadcast by the TV Tokyo Corporation , with the exception of Reinya KaitÅ , which was aired on ANN 's KBC TV channel .
Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Opeth performed three special shows in Europe with two song lists eachâ '' one acoustic set and one heavy set .
The epic poem Beowulf is an important source of Anglo-Saxon pagan poetry and history , although it bears some traces of a Christian redaction , containing numerous references to the Christian God .
The Republic of Lakotah or Lakotah is a proposed country in North America to serve as a homeland for the Lakota .
The '' Nibelung 's lament '' -LRB- Diu Klage -RRB- , a sort of appendix to the poem proper , mentions a '' Meister Konrad '' who was charged by a bishop '' Pilgrim '' of Passau with the copying of the text .
The bog and nature preserve around étang de la Gruère is located in the municipality .
Transition metal hydride include what can be called covalent hydrides as well as interstial hydrides and other bridging hydrides .
Three cassette compilations were released through the fanzine .
Often preserved in the syrup for the cold months , yujacha is served as a source of fruit in winter .
Genus Tachyglossus
2-1-1 is a special abbreviated telephone number reserved in Canada and the United States as an easy-to-remember three-digit telephone number meant to provide quick information and referrals to health and human service organizations .
He moved back to Britain in 1997 to compete in the British Formula Opel Championship with the Nemesis Motorsport team , taking a pole position and win at Donington Park and finishing sixth in the overall points standings .
During 1933 and 1934 , Hitler was very aware of the fact that President Hindenburg was his only superior as well as the Supreme Commander-In-Chief of the German armed forces , and given that Hindenburg was a revered figure in the German Army , that if the President decided to remove Hitler as Chancellor , there was little doubt that the Reichswehr would side with Hindenburg .
The singer turned down lucrative contracts from several top-name labels in order to establish her own New York-based company .
It affected 20 % of the city 's housing and caused damage to 90 out of its 105 schools .
Additionally , Zenwalk comes with many specialized tools , designed for beginner through advanced users as it offers system configuration via both graphical and command-line operations .
DateFormat = x.y
She speaks Italian , French , and English fluently , Spanish semi-fluently , and she has had speaking roles in each of these languages as well as in Aramaic for her part as Mary Magdalene in The Passion of the Christ .
He was educated at Woolverstone Hall School , the University of Sussex and the University of East Anglia , where he was the first graduate of Malcolm Bradbury 's pioneering creative writing course .
Death in Venice is an opera in two acts by Benjamin Britten , his last .
The European Union is not a party to the Convention and has no role in the administration of the European Court of Human Rights .
A credit union is a cooperative financial institution that is owned and controlled by its members and operated for the purpose of promoting thrift , providing credit at reasonable rates , and providing other financial services to its members .
Also called Sammael and Samil , he is considered in legend both a member of the heavenly host -LRB- with often grim and destructive duties -RRB- and a fallen angel , equatable with Satan and the chief of the evil spirits .
The tree line or timberline is the edge of the habitat at which trees are capable of growing .
The Federal Ministry of Family Affairs , Senior Citizens , Women and Youth -LRB- -RRB- is a Ministry of Germany .
A comprehensive chord dictionary in standard tuning .
Abbottabad -LRB- -RRB- is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Michigan is now one of the fastest tracks in NASCAR due to its wide , sweeping corners and long straightaways ; typical qualifying speeds are in excess of 190 m and corner entry speeds are anywhere from 205-215 mph -LRB- 320 km\/h -RRB- .
There are many different varieties of dango which are usually named after the various seasonings served on or with it .
The present minister is Kristina Schröder of the CDU .
When part of a monastery , the chapter house is generally located on the eastern wing of the cloister .
In 1770 MysliveÄ ek met the young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in Bologna .
Wartime regulations were in effect throughout the whole of Japan , and tyres also came under the jurisdiction of these regulations . This resulted in nearly all of the company 's output being used to satisfy military demand .
For its guideline on plagiarism , see .
Rummel , Rudolph J. , '' Statistics of Democide : Genocide and Mass Murder Since 1900 '' , ISBN 3-8258-4010-7 , Chapter 8 , Table 8.2 Pakistan Genocide in Bangladesh Estimates , Sources , and Calcualtions : lowest estimate 2 million claimed by Pakistan -LRB- reported by Aziz , Qutubuddin .
After graduating from high school , the California natives began to take their musical interests more seriously , recruiting Joe Hahn , Dave '' Phoenix '' Farrell , and Mark Wakefield to perform in their band , Xero .
Because of the community contribution necessary to serve iftar dinners , mosques with smaller congregations may not be able to host the iftar dinners daily .
LucasArts developed ' as an expansion pack for Dark Forces II , this time giving the player control of Mara Jade as well as Katarn .
The bridge melody of '' Build God , Then We 'll Talk '' is a derivative of the melody of the chorus of '' My Favorite Things '' from The Sound of Music .
In sociology , anthropology and cultural studies , a subculture is a group of people with a culture -LRB- whether distinct or hidden -RRB- which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong , for example , if a particular subculture is characterized by a systematic opposition to the dominant culture , it may be described as a counterculture .
Zeta key , a tool also known as a hex key
Vålerenga Fotball is a Norwegian football club from Oslo and a part of the multi-sport club Vålerenga IF .
Levy Patrick Mwanawasa -LRB- September 3 , 1948 â '' August 19 , 2008 -RRB- was the third President of Zambia .
They usually have long tails for tight steering .
The British occultist Aleister Crowley , chose the spelling to differentiate the occult from stage magic and defined it as '' the Science and Art of causing Change to occur in conformity with Will '' , including both '' mundane '' acts of will as well as ritual magic .
Raw originated from the Grand Ballroom at Manhattan Center Studios , a small New York City theater , and aired live each week .
Château or The Chateau may refer to :
I learned the name Maruzen for the first time through LEMON .
Arad County has 1 municipality , 9 towns and 68 communes
Exploration The first space mission to Vesta will be NASA 's Dawn probe -- launched on September 27 , 2007 -- which will orbit the asteroid for nine months from August 2011 until May 2012 .
The United States Department of Health and Human Services -LRB- HHS -RRB- is a Cabinet department of the United States government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services .
Article 31 of the statute sets out a procedure whereby ad hoc judges sit on contentious cases before the Court .
A Clayton , Squadron Leader H. W. G. J. Penderel , three Arab car drivers and a cook .
In addition to beeswax , carnauba -LRB- a plant epicuticular wax -RRB- and paraffin -LRB- a petroleum wax -RRB- are commonly encountered waxes which occur naturally .
Islamic theology -LRB- -RRB- is a branch of Islamic studies regarding the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith .
The SRP had about ten thousand members and it won 16 seats in the Lower Saxony Landtag election , and in Bremen scored 8 seats .
He is known to posterity primarily for his collection of poems titled Poems on Various Subjects , whereto is Prefixed a Short Essay on the Structure of English Verse , published in 1765 .
Europe -LRB- or OED Online gives the pronunciation of '' Europe '' as : Brit .
It would slowly attain tropical storm on August 29 .
This record breaking season was then eclipsed in the following 2009 â '' 10 campaign , where Messi scored 47 goals in all competitions , equalling Ronaldo 's record total for Barcelona .
The Qinling Mountains -LRB- -RRB- are a major mountain range located mainly in the Eastern province of Shaanxi , in China .
There are three main types of modern acoustic guitar : the classical guitar -LRB- nylon-string guitar -RRB- , the steel-string acoustic guitar , and the archtop guitar .
This field is only relevant for individuals .
Burtt discovered records at Warner Brothers from the editor of Distant Drums including a short list of names of actors scheduled to record lines of dialogue for miscellaneous roles in the movie .
While the Eastern Orthodox Church has not generally accepted any later council or synod as Ecumenical , the Roman Catholic Church continues to hold Ecumenical Councils of those bishops in full communion with the Pope and has counted twenty-one to date .
Rubingh decided that the method of play described in the book , a boxing match followed by a chess match , was impractical .
A display turtle preceded the physical floor turtle .
The city 's Russian , Ukrainian , Greek , Armenian , Moldovan , Bulgarian , and Jewish communities have influenced different aspects of Odessa life .
They escaped several days later in a gun battle but Pottinger recovered the stolen gold taken by the prisoners .
eMedicineTopic = 787
On September 2 , 2009 , Sounders FC became the second MLS expansion team in league history -LRB- Chicago was first -RRB- to win the U.S. Open Cup tournament in their first season .
The Altmark is a historical region that covers the territory of this district as well as parts of the neighbouring district of Stendal .
On January 1 , 2006 Aywaille had a total population of 10,910 .
Tekken Tag Tournament -LRB- or commonly abbreviated as TTT -RRB- is the fourth installment in the popular Tekken fighting game series . It , however , is not canonical to the Tekken storyline .
Cremasteric muscle The cremasteric muscle is part of the spermatic cord .
High Wycombe , -LRB- previously Chepping Wycombe or Chipping Wycombe as late as 1911 -RRB- is a large town in Buckinghamshire , England .
Guillaumes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Jambul -LRB- Syzygium cumini -RRB- is an evergreen tropical tree in the flowering plant family Myrtaceae , native to Bangladesh , India , Nepal , Pakistan and Indonesia .
There was some crossover with Constructivism , with Suprematists such as Popova and especially El Lissitzky working on propaganda and industrial design .
The basin is located mainly -LRB- 40 % -RRB- in Brazil , but also stretches into Peru and several other countries .
These fighting styles are often classified according to common traits , identified as '' families '' -LRB- , ji -RRB- , '' sects '' -LRB- , pài -RRB- or '' schools '' -LRB- , mén -RRB- of martial arts .
In fluid dynamics , turbulence or turbulent flow is a fluid regime characterized by chaotic , stochastic property changes .
It is one of the finest and largest Neolithic monuments in Europe , about 5,000 years old .
Forming on October 26 , Grace initially had subtropical origins , meaning it was partially tropical and partially extratropical in nature .
Born at Landskrona , Sweden , Gullstrand was professor -LRB- 1894 -- 1927 -RRB- successively of eye therapy and of optics at the University of Uppsala .
Using the Cartesian coordinate system , geometric shapes -LRB- such as curves -RRB- can be described by Cartesian equations : algebraic equations involving the coordinates of the points lying on the shape .
It is known particularly for facilitating the study of film , music , theater , and the visual arts .
Undated Treviranus uses the term biology for the first time .
It is the third game to use its gameplay , and is the sequel to Osu !
Culture and education Serbian faculties of the University of Pristina were relocated from Pristina to Kosovska Mitrovica after the Kosovo War .
Veteran television actor Ron Glass has said that until Firefly , he had not experienced or sought a science-fiction or western role but he fell in love with the pilot script and the character of Shepherd Book .
Walter '' Wat '' Tyler -LRB- January 4 , 1341 -- June 15 , 1381 -RRB- was the leader of the English Peasants ' Revolt of 1381 .
High resolution spectrum of solar radiation from Observatoire de Paris Measuring Solar Radiation : A lesson plan from the National Science Digital Library .
After a dispute between FOTA and the FIA in the first half of 2009 , a new Concorde Agreement was signed by Mosley and all of the teams except BMW Sauber , which had announced its intention of withdrawing from the sport at the end of the season shortly beforehand .
Eastern Orthodoxy typically views the purely doctrinal canons as dogmatic and applicable to the entire church at all times , while the disciplinary canons apply to a particular time and place and may or may not be applicable in other situations .
Ø Ø Û -RRB- is a Hill Station in the Karakoram mountain range nearly 40 km from Saidu Sharif in Swat Valley , Peshawar , Pakistan .
Aguilera followed up Stripped with the soul , jazz and blues inspired , Back to Basics -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , released to positive critical acclaim .
He started a bicycle factory and by the end of the century was producing motorcycles , as well as exporting engines to the UK to power the very first Triumph , among others .
The Static Anonymity and GUBA Era -LRB- 2001-2002 -RRB- Metric continued to work on their debut album in the first few months of 2001 .
Scooch represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki with their song '' Flying the Flag -LRB- for You -RRB- '' , finishing 23rd out of 24 entries after receiving 19 points in the final .
Psychological thrillerDrama
In 1979 , the Borough of Medway was renamed as Rochester-upon-Medway , and in 1982 further letters patent transferred the city status to the entire borough .
Corrosion resistance can be excellent due to a thin surface layer of aluminium oxide that forms when the metal is exposed to air , effectively preventing further oxidation .
They comprise 42 % of the workforce and generate 38 % of the GNP .
Lassay-les-Ch Ã cents teaux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Noteworthy writers in this category include Ursula K. Le Guin and Philip K. Dick .
Following his retirement , he moved the short distance to Wansford where he ran the parish choir at St Mary 's church and continued giving singing lessons to several local singers .
He has a thirteen-year-old son named Hooeylewis -LRB- believed by some to be a reference to Huey Lewis -RRB- , twelve-year-old twin boys named Biram and Bilak , and seventeen grandchildren .
It also has maritime borders with Japan -LRB- by the Sea of Okhotsk -RRB- and the United States -LRB- by the Bering Strait -RRB- .
is a Japanese rock band formed in 2003 and signed to the independent label Loop Ash .
Marquez captained the Mexico national football team at the 2010 World Cup .
Tilopa -LRB- Prakrit ; Sanskrit : Talika or Tilopada -RRB- -LRB- 988 â '' 1069 -RRB- was born in either Chativavo -LRB- Chittagong -RRB- , Bengal or Jagora , Bengal .
In some cases this is due to the paucity of fossils , in other cases it is due to the slight differences used to classify species in the Homo genus .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vissel Kobe in the J. League .
Aletta continued to weaken until it dissipated on May 31 .
Krips was born in Vienna and went on to become a pupil of Eusebius Mandyczewski and Felix Weingartner .
Vortex may also refer to :
Shoe studs , a traction device used on the bottom of horse shoes
His '' flying machine '' lifted dancers upward , allowing them to stand on their toes before leaving the ground .
Both these characteristics appear similar to a human beard .
Sibiu -LRB- ; -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in the historical region Transylvania , with the capital city Sibiu .
Leipzig -LRB- Pop Up -LRB- Pop Up official website is an annual music trade fair for the independent music scene as well as a music festival taking place in May .
A fatal oral dose of chloroform is about 10 mL -LRB- 14.8 g -RRB- , with death due to respiratory or cardiac arrest .
Pakistan joined the United Nations on 30 September , 1947 .
Alba rose to greater prominence in Hollywood in 1999 after appearing as a member of a snobby high school clique in the Drew Barrymore romantic comedy Never Been Kissed , and as the female lead in the 1999 comedy-horror film Idle Hands , opposite Devon Sawa .
As Prime Minister , Bowell faced the troublesome Manitoba Schools Question .
In 1772 , following the First Partition of Poland , the city known in German as Lemberg became the capital of the Austro-Hungarian Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria .
The new La Mina Tribe won the Reward Challenge and was give a raft and fishing supplies .
Grand Turk is the administrative and political capital of the Turks and Caicos Islands and Cockburn Town has been the seat of government since 1766 .
The funeral took place on June 2 , 1971 , a remarkably hot day , and was attended by about 10,000 people , among them Chancellor Willy Brandt , the Minister of Transport and the president of the Bundesrat .
It is the most compact hurricane or equivalent-strength tropical cyclone on record in the Australian basin , with gale-force winds extending only from the center and was the most compact system worldwide until 2008 when Tropical Storm Marco of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season broke the record , with gale-force winds extending only from the center .
It has only two stations , Waterloo and Bank -LRB- formerly called '' City '' , as it is within the City of London -RRB- .
The river flows through many important Italian cities , including Turin -LRB- Torino -RRB- and -LRB- indirectly -RRB- Milan -LRB- Milano -RRB- , in Lombardy .
In 2005 , the Wigmore Hall Trust purchased a long lease of 300 years for # 3.1 m . The '' Bechstein Hall '' opened on 31 May 1901 with a concert featuring the virtuoso pianist and composer Ferruccio Busoni and violinist Eugène Ysaÿe .
It is thus generally distinguished from the destruction by one culture of the images of another , for example by the Spanish in their American conquests .
It is in the east of the city and has 28,209 inhabitants .
biology4kids
December 16 & ndash ; Eberhard III , Duke of Württemberg -LRB- d. 1674 -RRB-
Turnhout -LRB- -RRB- is a Belgian municipality located in the Flemish province of Antwerp .
Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
Related words emerged later : deist in 1621 , theist in 1662 ; theism in 1678 ; and deism in 1675 .
After being posted , users may click on the story I.D. to leave a comment .
It has a population of 3,242 as of 2001 .
In contrast to the episcopal polity of the Anglican and many Lutheran and Methodist churches , Reformed churches have two main forms of governance :
It has been suggested that human trafficking is the fastest growing form of modern day slavery and is the third largest and fastest growing criminal industry in the world .
Just behind them , VelÃ zquez portrays himself working at a large canvas .
1995 & ndash ; WikiWikiWeb , the world 's first wiki , and part of the Portland Pattern Repository , is made public by Ward Cunningham .
For example , someone might want to create a '' kilograms-per-centimetre '' -LRB- kg\/cm -RRB- as a variation of the typical kg-per-metre conversion '' kg\/m '' , by copying '' Template : Convert\/kg\/m '' as new name '' Template : Convert\/kg\/cm '' and altering the contents , as described below .
Weber , Max The Protestant Ethic and '' The Spirit of Capitalism '' -LRB- 1905 -RRB- .
There is some controversy over the identity of the disease , but in its virulent form , after the Great Plague of Marseille in 1720 -- 1722 , the Great Plague of 1738 -LRB- which hit eastern Europe -RRB- , and the Russian plague of 1770-1772 , it seems to have disappeared from Europe in the 19th century .
If Tomorrow Comes -LRB-/O1985/O-RRB-
The armistice between the Allies and Germany was signed in a railway carriage in Compiègne Forest on 11 November 1918 , and marked the end of the First World War on the Western Front .
As the music scene changed in the early to mid-1990s due to the popularity of grunge , the band faded after their third release PULL .
Year 1944 -LRB- MCMXLIV -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar .
Hal Wallis acquired the rights to A Stone For Danny Fisher with the intentions for it to be a non-musical vehicle starring either James Dean or Ben Gazzara .
While his name remains associated most closely with the French operetta and the Second Empire , it is Offenbach 's one fully operatic masterpiece , Les contes d'Hoffmann -LRB- The Tales of Hoffmann -RRB- , composed at the end of his career , that has become the most familiar of Offenbach 's works in major opera houses .
It is also referred to as meteor scatter communications in some documents .
1939 & ndash ; Marvin Gaye , American singer -LRB- d. 1984 -RRB-
Classics -LRB- sometimes encompassing Classical Studies or Classical Civilization -RRB- is the branch of the Humanities comprising the languages , literature , philosophy , history , art , archaeology and other culture of the ancient Mediterranean world -LRB- Bronze Age ca .
Children 's tricycles and most adult tricycles made for the recreational market use the upright layout . From a design point of view , the difference between children 's and adult tricycles is that whereas children 's tricycles are usually direct-drive and have no brakes , adult trikes usually have a gear-drive with multiple speeds and front and rear brakes .
She went to the College of William and Mary and earned a degree in Psychology and Computer Science in 1978 .
History From 1795 on , ethylene was referred as the olefiant gas -LRB- oil-making gas -RRB- , because it combined with chlorine to produce the oil of the Dutch -LRB- 1,2-dichloroethane -RRB- .
The Braille system was based on a method of communication originally developed by Charles Barbier in response to Napoleon 's demand for a code that soldiers could use to communicate silently and without light at night called night writing .
Today Sassari is the main cultural , administrative and historical center of Northern Sardinia .
In September 1917 , the Ottomans caught her carrier pigeon with a message to the British and decrypted the Nili code .
Each of the 11 species of grackle belongs to the Icterid family .
The following is a list of North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons .
Often ill for much of the winters and kept out of school , Edvard would draw to keep himself occupied , and received tutoring from his school mates and his aunt .
4 Virata Parva -LRB- The Book of Virata -RRB- 45-48 The year in incognito spent at the court of Virata .
Pillow lava is the lava structure typically formed when lava emerges from an underwater volcanic vent or subglacial volcano or a lava flow enters the ocean . However , pillow lava can also form when lava is erupted beneath thick glacial ice .
From an original membership of six states , there have been six successive enlargements , the largest occurring on 1 May 2004 , when ten states joined .
The symphony was followed by another orchestral work , by far the best known of Dukas 's compositions , his scherzo for orchestra , L'apprenti sorcier -LRB- The Sorcerer 's Apprentice -RRB- -LRB- 1897 -RRB- , a short piece -LRB- lasting for between 10 and 12 minutes in performance -RRB- based on Goethe 's poem '' Der Zauberlehrling '' .
Its ties to Oak Ridge National Laboratory , established under UT President Andrew Holt and continued under the UT-Battelle partnership , have positioned the University as co-manager and allow for considerable research opportunities for faculty and students enjoyed by few other institutions of comparable standing .
The site of Carisbrooke Castle may have been occupied in pre-Roman times .
CondÃ - sur-Suippe is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Angel of the North is a contemporary sculpture designed by Antony Gormley , which is located in Gateshead , England .
The Board of Governors presides over the Colorado State University System , which is composed of Colorado State University , Colorado State University-Pueblo , and CSU-Global Campus .
General presentation Acts tells the story of the Apostolic Age of the Early Christian church , with particular emphasis on the ministry of the Twelve Apostles and of Paul of Tarsus .
According to brother Alvin Wistert , their father '' was born Casmir Vistertus and he Anglicized it when he came to America to Wistert . ''
June 14 & ndash ; William Waynflete becomes vicar of Skendleby , Lincolnshire .
-- -RRB-
MÃ xima 's father had been the Minister of Agriculture during the regime of former Argentine President Jorge Rafael Videla , a military dictator who ruled Argentina from 1976 to 1981 and who was responsible for many atrocities against civilians -LRB- An estimated 10,000 â '' 30,000 people disappeared during this and subsequent military regimes before democracy was restored to Argentina in 1983 -RRB- .
Michaels , however , revealed that choosing Fey was '' kind of risky '' at the time .
The song '' I May As Well Jump '' -LRB- also referred to as '' Street Song '' -RRB- exposited the dissatisfaction of most of the characters with the ways their lives were progressing at that point in the plotline , except for Lars and Leela , who were contrastingly delighted to announce their happiness and their upcoming marriage .
Od -LRB- also Oad , Oadki , Odki -RRB- , a language of the Oad people
Madrid -LRB- Spanish , English -RRB- is the capital and largest city of Spain .
Fleurbaix is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Deianeira gets attacked by some men but the figure in the dark robe saves her and tells her to follow her destiny .
Fleury is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Louis XIII -LRB- 27 September 1601 â '' 14 May 1643 -RRB- was King of France and Navarre from 1610 to 1643 .
Meteorologists created the station model to plot a number of weather elements in a small space on weather maps .
Soon after , Jacques was summoned to London to meet with the publishers , who gave him a contract to write the next five books in the series .
For the former rugby league stadium , see Central Park -LRB- Wigan -RRB-
Beuvry is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Comp Infibous Biochem Physiol C Pharmacol Toxicol Endocrinol/O. , 124 -LRB-/O3/O-RRB- :227 -232 .
New inventions and technologies , such as pottery for holding and boiling water , expanded cooking techniques .
As head of Broadway Video and SNL Studios , Michaels has profited from the talent he 's helped introduce , producing the TV series Late Night -LRB- during the eras of Conan O'Brien and Jimmy Fallon - both SNL alumni -RRB- and 30 Rock -LRB- a comedy created by former SNL head writer Tina Fey , and loosely based on her experiences in that role -RRB- .
A polyphyletic group is any group other than a monophyletic group or a paraphyletic group , which like a paraphyletic group contains only some of the descendants of their closest common ancestor , but unlike a paraphyletic group is not characterized by the missing descendants forming one -LRB- or more -RRB- monophyletic groups .
The capital and largest city is Charleston .
Clay Martin Croker -LRB- better known as C. Martin Croker -RRB- is an animator and voice actor on various Adult Swim programs .
It is believed that the seafaring Taínos are relatives of the Arawakan people of South America .
It is the franchise 's sixth ballpark and third in Minnesota .
Pakistan
The Memorial Wall was designed by U.S. landscape architect Maya Lin .
Dana is a city in Greene County , Iowa , United States .
The female flowers have five separate carpels that can each form a woody fruit containing several seeds .
El Puerto has a famous bullring which dates back to 1880 with space for 15,000 spectators .
Also , in the state Andhra Pradesh , chief minister Chandrababu Naidu reserved 1500 a of land near the airport at Hyderabad .
In Europe , a variety of terms are used ; most commonly twin towns , but partnership towns , partner towns and friendship towns , are also used .
Coupesarte is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The vast majority of Great Britain 's public clocks were being synchronised using GMT by 1855 .
Brighton may also refer to :
The current market for MMORPGs has Blizzard Entertainment 's World of Warcraft dominating as the largest pay-to-play MMORPG , alongside earlier such titles like Final Fantasy XI and Phantasy Star Online , though an additional market exists for free-to-play MMORPGs , which are supported by advertising and purchases of in-game items .
Society itself is often looked at as a single character , just as an opposing party would be looked at in a Person vs. Person conflict .
Signed by Simon Cowell , they enjoyed great success worldwide , particularly in the UK , most of Europe and Asia , Russia , Brazil , Australia , New Zealand and the USA .
Hankuk Academy of Foreign Studies or HAFS is a private boarding school located in the northern part of Yongin , South Korea .
Politics is about making agreements between people so that they can live together in groups such as tribes , cities , or countries .
He is often seen driving other types of trucks as well .
Yucca brevifolia is a plant species belonging to the genus Yucca in the family Agavaceae .
It is a form of direct democracy .
Brian Thomas Burke -LRB- born in Perth , 25 February 1947 -RRB- was Labor premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 until his resignation on 25 February 1988 .
The surrounding Kalahari Basin covers over extending farther into Botswana , Namibia and South Africa , and encroaching into parts of Angola , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
The big band is a type of musical ensemble associated with jazz , a style of music which became popular during the Swing Era from the early 1930s until the late 1940s .
Cardamom is best stored in pod form because once the seeds are exposed or ground they quickly lose their flavor .
Dogs of similar size and purpose to the modern Beagle can be traced in Ancient Greece back to around the 5th century BC .
Hideo shima -LRB- , born March 7 , 1980 in Gunma , Japan -RRB- is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Albirex Niigata .
Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In 870 the church of the women 's collegiate foundation -LRB- Stift -RRB- of St. Margaret 's -LRB- Gerresheim Abbey -RRB- was founded by Gerricus .
The generic name is derived from the Greek word -LRB- hibískos -RRB- , which was the name Pedanius Dioscorides -LRB- ca .
A series of Regional Red Lists are produced by countries or organizations , which assess the risk of extinction to species within a political management unit .
An arrowhead is point of an arrow , or a shape resembling such a point ; as archaeological artifacts arrowheads are a subclass of projectile points .
Ruthenium usually occurs as a minor component of platinum ores and its annual production is only about 12 tonnes worldwide .
Paulo Roberto Jamelli Júnior , known as Jamelli -LRB- born July 22 , 1972 in São Paulo -RRB- , is a former Brazilian footballer , who played mainly as a forward .
Honeydew can cause sooty mold on many ornamental plants , a bane of gardeners .
Although the UK currently has no legal definition of bullying , Harassment , Discrimination and Bullying Policy & ndash ; University of Manchester some US states have laws against it .
However , looking at the per capita statistics , the list is different :
The ingredients for butterscotch are similar to toffee , but for butterscotch the sugar is boiled to the soft crack stage , and not hard crack as with toffee .
The mascot of ParanÃ Clube is an azure jay , a common bird in ParanÃ state .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the supreme legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories .
As Salmond was still an MP in the House of Commons , Sturgeon would lead the SNP at the Scottish Parliament until the 2007 election , when Salmond was elected as an MSP .
Vitry-en-Artois is a commune and in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A further 80,000 can be accommodated in the mosque 's adjoining grounds for a total of 105,000 worshippers present at any given time at the Hassan II mosque .
It is located in the west of the country , in the province of South Holland , of which it is also the provincial capital .
An arrow is a pointed projectile that is shot with a bow .
La Neuville-Bosmont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
An arpeggio is a type of broken chord .
On 1 January 2006 the municipality had 12,030 inhabitants .
Whedon , Firefly Companion , Vol 1 , 132 All nine cast members were chosen before filming began .
He with his spouse and younger sister , Izanami , bore many islands , deities and forefathers of Japan .
Patients were generally unconvinced that their experiences of Freud 's clinical procedure indicated actual sexual abuse .
Day of the Barricades in Paris : Duke Henry of Guise seizes the city , forcing King Henry III to flee .
Willard Mitt Romney -LRB- born March 12 , 1947 -RRB- is an American businessman and former Governor of Massachusetts .
Traditionally , neuroscience has been seen as a branch of biology .
Women may wear sports bras which provide greater support , thus increasing comfort and reducing the chance of damage to the ligaments of the chest during high-impact exercises such as jogging .
The NHL 's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion .
The Hockenheimring Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg is an automobile racing track situated near the town of Hockenheim in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany , located on Bertha Benz Memorial Route .
Both condors are very large broad-winged soaring birds , the Andean Condor being 5 cm shorter -LRB- beak to tail -RRB- on average than the northern species , but larger in wingspan .
The line-up includes singer\/guitarist Justin Sane and drummer Pat Thetic , who founded the band ; later members are guitarist Chris Head , and singer\/bassist Chris Barker who replaced Jamie '' Cock '' Towns , who had replaced original bassist Andy Flag in 1997 following his departure one year prior .
1911 & ndash ; Luis Alvarez , American physicist , Nobel laureate -LRB- d. 1988 -RRB-
Robert Cutler -LRB- 1895 -- 1974 -RRB- was a U.S. government official .
Amborellaceae is a family of flowering plants endemic to New Caledonia .
Forest -LRB- French , pronounced -RRB- or Vorst -LRB- Dutch , pronounced -RRB- is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya -LRB- Arabic : al-Ib iyyah -RRB- is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
PlotArea = left :50 bottom :50 top :30 right :30
The word castle was introduced into English shortly before the Norman Conquest to denote this type of building , which was then new to England .
Estero Hondo -LRB- D.M. -RRB-
Grubbs studied chemistry at the University of Florida -LRB- B.S. and M.S. -RRB- , where he worked with Merle Battiste , and Columbia University , where he obtained his Ph. D. under Ronald Breslow in 1968 .
St. Polycarp of Smyrna
The Paleozoic spanned from roughly -LRB- ICS , 2004 -RRB- , and is subdivided into six geologic periods ; from oldest to youngest they are : the Cambrian , Ordovician , Silurian , Devonian , Carboniferous , and Permian .
During Mughal rule the areas currently under Dhaka district was famous for its textile products â '' especially the Muslin .
Nasjonal Samling -LRB- Norwegian for '' National Gathering '' or '' National Unification , '' hereafter abbreviated as NS -RRB- was a fascist party in Norway active in the period 1933-45 .
In practice , the role of head of state of Australia is divided between two people , the Queen of Australia and the Governor-General of Australia , who is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister of Australia .
The Amethyst Woodstar -LRB- Calliphlox amethystina -RRB- is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
The Titans sing a song and then it is back to Earth , where Xena sings something and both her and Hercules makeup and agree to help the gods get their home and stone back .
The Symphony No. 5 in C minor , Op .
As Booth moved about inside the blazing barn , Sergeant Boston Corbett shot him .
Carlos Edwin '' Carly '' ColÃ n , Jr. -LRB- born on February 21 , 1979 -RRB- is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name Carlito .
It is a soft , low-melting solid that can easily be cut with a knife .
According to an interview with a middle school principal , most objections to showering at school that he had heard were actually from the students ' parents rather than from the students .
1824 & ndash ; Greek War of Independence : Egyptian forces capture Psara in the Aegean Sea .
Self inflicted bites occur in some genetic illnesses such as Lesch-Nyhan syndrome .
Saint Ursanne -LRB- population approximately 1,000 -RRB- is a city and a former municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura , Switzerland which has preserved its medieval character .
A two-tier terrace was built at the River End and soon after seats began to replace the terraces .
On August 15 , 293 BC , her oldest-known temple was dedicated , and August 18 became a festival called the Vinalia Rustica .
In 1995 , the company was acquired by , and is now a subsidiary of , the Whitbread company .
The Guardian -- How smouldering tension erupted to set Brixton aflame , 13 April 1981 It was called '' Bloody Saturday '' by TIME magazine .
The total area is 33.42 km which gives a population density of 455 inhabitants per km .
The intensity of each pixel is variable . In color image systems , a color is typically represented by three or four component intensities such as red , green , and blue , or cyan , magenta , yellow , and black .
It was serialized in Weekly ShÅ nen Jump from May 1 , 2006 until May 19 , 2008 , with a total of ninety-nine chapters , published by Shueisha .
Nederlands , the official Dutch word for '' Dutch '' , did not become firmly established until the 19th century .
1823 & ndash ; William Marcy Tweed , American political boss -LRB- d. 1878 -RRB-
Note : Sometimes the '50s is used as shorthand for the 1950s , the 1850s , or other such decades in various centuries -- see List of decades
Between 1991 and 1993 , James released two Analogue Bubblebath EPs as AFX , and an EP under Bradley Strider , Bradley 's Beat .
ISSN 0068-1202 Young , Peter and Holmes , Richard -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .
In some areas , particularly in Sussex , there are extensive processions , large bonfires and firework displays organised by local bonfire societies , the most elaborate of which take place in Lewes .
That same year saw Pavarotti 's return to the Vienna State Opera after an absence of fourteen years .
History Mr. Magoo 's first appearance was in the theatrical short cartoon The Ragtime Bear -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , scripted by Millard Kaufman .
Eric Daniel Djemba-Djemba -LRB- born 4 May 1981 -RRB- is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Danish side Odense BK and the Cameroon national football team .
By about 5500 BC , small tribes living in the Nile valley had developed into a series of cultures demonstrating firm control of agriculture and animal husbandry , and identifiable by their pottery and personal items , such as combs , bracelets , and beads .
The zenith of his career was winning both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia in 1998 .
Other animals , such as pigs and elephants , bathe in mud in order to cool off and protect themselves from the sun .
Chaetodipus baileyi - Bailey 's Pocket Mouse
A member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- , he led a coalition government of the SPD and the Greens .
Roger David Kornberg -LRB- born -RRB- is an American biochemist and professor of structural biology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1919/1920 season .
The inaugural championship was won by Andy Soucek although was marred by the death of Henry Surtees during Round 4 at Brands Hatch .
Paramount Pictures had been an early backer of television , launching experimental stations in 1939 in Los Angeles -LRB- later to become KTLA -RRB- and Chicago -LRB- which was sold off as part of UPT and eventually became WBBM-TV -RRB- .
Trinity College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge .
website =
Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats is a collection of whimsical poems by T. S. Eliot about feline psychology and sociology , published by Faber and Faber .
Symantec has developed the Norton Removal Tool to remove leftover registry keys and values along with files and folders .
Avon , Connecticut
No names were retired , and so this list will be reused in its entirety for the 2012 season .
John Dunstaple -LRB- or Dunstable -RRB- -LRB- c. 1390 â '' 24 December 1453 -RRB- was an English composer of polyphonic music of the late medieval era and early Renaissance .
York Region Growth Management - Planning for Tomorrow The entire region is part of the Greater Toronto Area and the inner ring of Golden Horseshoe .
Artwork featuring this design and drawn by Akira Watanabe was displayed on the package artwork for Sonic the Hedgehog , and most subsequent Sonic video games featured similar designs .
See also Anti-nuclear movement in the United States California electricity crisis California Solar Initiative List of anti-nuclear protests in the United States Nuclear debate Nuclear free zone References Further reading Ondaatje , Elizabeth H. -LRB- c1988 -RRB- .
Over 5 million people live within the Potomac watershed .
Fichous-Riumayou is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The Cyrillic letter El is not to be confused with the Cyrillic letter Pe -LRB- Ð Ð ; italics : Ð Ð -RRB- , which has a straight left leg , without the hook .
Ernesto Javier ChevantÃ n Espinosa -LRB- born 12 August 1980 -RRB- is an Uruguayian footballer , who currently plays for Lecce .
The responsibility to maintain the vendetta usually falls on the closest male relative to whoever has been killed or wronged , but other members of the family may take the mantle as well .
An idea typical of his work is the following quote in his book , The Politics of Experience , '' We are effectively destroying ourselves with violence masquerading as love '' .
For human comfort , desirable room temperature greatly depends on individual needs and various other factors .
Oil paint dries by oxidation , not evaporation , and is usually dry to the touch in a day to two weeks .
New wisdom : Increasing parallelism is the primary method of improving processor performance ... Even representatives from Intel , a company generally associated with the ` higher clock-speed is better ' position , warned that traditional approaches to maximizing performance through maximizing clock speed have been pushed to their limit . ''
It is geologically the most active body in the Uranian system .
It is widely considered a classic and regarded as one of the earliest scholarly works of history .
In 1153 it was mentioned as an important town .
The wedding was not completed , however , due to constant disruptions and Long having a -LRB- kayfabe -RRB- heart attack just as he started to say '' I do '' .
1975 & ndash ; Viking Program : NASA launches the Viking 1 planetary probe toward Mars .
Remarks Antilla Báguanos Banes Cacocum Calixto Garcia Buenaventura Cueto Frank País Cayo Mambí Gibara Holguín Provincial Capital Mayarí Moa Rafael Freyre Sagua de Tánamo Urbano Noris Source : Population from 2004 Census .
Nonsuch Palace was a Tudor royal palace , built by Henry VIII in Surrey , England ; it stood from 1538 to 1682 â '' 3 .
Since 1980 the flowers that decorate the hall have been a gift from the city of Sanremo , Liguria , Italy .
El Gato Negro -LRB- The Black Cat -RRB- is the name of two fictional American comic book superheroes created by Richard Dominguez and featured in the Azteca Productions ' Universe .
A muezzin -LRB- Turkish mÃ 1\/4 ezzin from Arabic : Ù
You know , you 're going to fine me ?
Spruce , Nevada
Sir Thomas Sean Connery , KBE -LRB- born 25 August 1930 -RRB- , more commonly known as Sean Connery , is a Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards and three Golden Globes .
Mansigné is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Eric Steven Raymond -LRB- born December 4 , 1957 -RRB- , often referred to as ESR , is an American computer programmer , author and open source software advocate .
After the American tour , Radiohead began work on their second album , hiring veteran Abbey Road studios producer John Leckie .
The new Act of Supremacy became law on 8 May 1559 .
Homer 's car design turns out to be a disaster , which causes Herb to become bankrupt .
The spelling '' Sukarno '' is frequently used in English as it is based on the newer official spelling in Indonesia since 1947 but the older spelling Soekarno , based on Dutch orthography , is still frequently used , mainly because he signed his name in the old spelling .
The NBA Finals is the championship series of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- and the conclusion of the sport 's postseason each June .
Posthumously , Ben-Gurion was named one of Time Magazine 's 100 Most Important People of the 20th Century .
Going the Distance is a 2004 Canadian teen/comedy film directed by Mark Griffiths , and written by Eric Goodman and Kelly Senecal .
The Vanaparava of the Mahabharata contains verses in the form of prophecy that the kings of the Shakas , Yavanas , Kambojas , Bahlikas and Abhiras , etc. shall rule unrighteously in Kaliyuga .
Millard Fillmore -LRB- January 7 , 1800 â '' March 8 , 1874 -RRB- was the 13th President of the United States -LRB- 1850-1853 -RRB- and the last member of the Whig Party to hold the office of president .
The term '' phonology '' was used in the linguistics of a greater part of the 20th century as a cover term uniting phonemics and phonetics . Current phonology can interface with disciplines such as psycholinguistics and speech perception , resulting in specific areas like articulatory or laboratory phonology .
Gothard started an organization in 1961 called Campus Teams , which in 1974 changed its name to Institute in Basic Youth Conflicts .
On May 30 , 1999 , Graham was invited to give the pre-race invocation at the Indianapolis 500 .
Gentoo -LRB- file manager -RRB- , a free file manager for Linux and other Unix-like systems
The word cognate derives from Latin cognatus '' blood relative '' .
It has a mean breadth of about 160 km -LRB- 85 nm , 100 mi -RRB- , although the Strait of Otranto , through which it connects at the south with the Ionian Sea , is only 45-55 nautical miles wide -LRB- 85-100 km -RRB- .
Parker also briefly dated her co-star Timothy Hutton during this time .
In 1895 , the six premiers of the Australian colonies agreed to establish a new Convention by popular vote .
Over 5 million people live within the Potomac watershed .
The late florescence of the northern Maya was sometimes called the '' New Empire '' in the early 20th century , but this term is no longer considered appropriate and is no longer used .
Her music is influenced by everything from early jazz , pop , to alt-rock .
The flag was raised on February 28 , 2006 , in a special ceremony and was on display at Vancouver City Hall until the Olympic opening ceremony .
1940 & ndash ; World War II : under the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact , the Soviet Union presents an ultimatum to Romania requiring it to cede Bessarabia and the northern part of Bukovina .
and are a matched pair of Pokémon games for the Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance , respectively .
Angoon -LRB- sometimes formerly spelled Angun -RRB- is a city on Admiralty Island in Hoonah-Angoon Census Area , Alaska , United States .
With an estimated 45 million copies sold , it is Pink Floyd 's most commercially successful album and one of the best-selling albums worldwide .
The best evidence found for these hominin date between 600,000 and 400,000 years ago .
The Book of Esther is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible .
This policy describes the standards of behavior expected of users when they interact , and appropriate ways of dealing with problems that may arise .
It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries , but the economic cost of two world wars and the decline of its empire in the latter half of the 20th century diminished its leading role in global affairs .
After retiring , he served as Republic of Ireland national team coach prior to being replaced by Giovanni Trapattoni .
He along with the Bishop of Gloucester , John Hooper , are burned at the stake .
The chakras are described as being aligned in an ascending column from the base of the spine to the top of the head .
Luis Suárez Miramontes -LRB- ; born May 2 , 1935 -RRB- is a Spanish former footballer and manager .
Fußballklub Austria Wien is an Austrian football club from the Austrian capital city of Vienna .
Marquise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Most settlers in the American Mid-Atlantic and New England were Calvinists , including the English Puritans , the French Huguenot and Dutch settlers of New Amsterdam -LRB- New York -RRB- , and the Scotch-Irish Presbyterians of the Appalachian back country .
Duff was born in Houston , Harris County , Texas .
The European elections on 13 June 2004 brought a staggering defeat for the Social Democrats , who polled only slightly more than 21 % , the lowest election result for the SPD in a nationwide election since the Second World War .
Der Wanderer -LRB- D. 493 -RRB- is the name of a Lied composed by Franz Schubert in October 1816 for voice and piano .
Lee Young-Pyo -LRB- ; born 23 April 1977 in Hongcheon -RRB- is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Saudi Professional League club Al-Hilal .
Temerin -LRB- Serbian Cyrillic : , Hungarian and Serbian Latin : Temerin -RRB- is a town and municipality in South Ba ka District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
King Henry VIII was betrothed to Jane Seymour on 20 May 1536 , the day after Anne Boleyn 's execution , and married her ten days later .
The earliest attested Semitic language , it used the cuneiform writing system derived ultimately from ancient Sumerian , an unrelated language isolate .
The total area is 45.23 km which gives a population density of 437 inhabitants per km .
Francesco Hayez -LRB- February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 -RRB- was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
His brother Jonathan is also a footballer .
Broda was born in Brandon , Manitoba to a family of Ukrainian descent and joined the Maple Leafs in 1936 .
Violet '' Vi '' Parr is a fictional character from the movie The Incredibles .
New dialects of slang , such as leet or Lolspeak , develop as ingroup memes rather than time savers .
The Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft is a transport museum which specialises in the preservation of trolleybuses .
Since 1980 , its senior pastor has been John Piper .
Dividing the mass of 433 Eros by its density gives a volume of 3000 km3 , while the estimated 5 km radius of the -LRB- assumed spherical -RRB- Chicxulub Crater impactor yields a volume of only about 520 km3 .
Oxen can pull harder and longer than horses , particularly on obstinate or almost un-movable loads .
The NSA suggested a couple of changes , which Rivest incorporated .
is a railway station in the city of Hachi ji , Tokyo , Japan , operated by East Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR East -RRB- .
Kerberos requires the clocks of the involved hosts to be synchronized .
Marquay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Each voter places a vote for first , second , and third place among the pitchers of each league .
Brig , officially Brig-Glis -LRB- -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Neville Landless and his twin sister Helena are sent to Cloisterham for their education .
Her second and final Academy Award , also for Best Actress in a Leading Role , was for her performance as Martha in Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?
Characteristics The sheep is particularly known for its long , spiraling horns which have been measured with a span up to .
Another aspect to consider when choosing between disposable diapers and cloth diapers is cost .
Hamilton again finished second behind Massa in the , to take the lead in the drivers championship .
Protection can be indefinite , or expire after a specified time .
Numerous Baloch tribes , an Iranian people , moved into the area from the west in the 11th century to escape the Seljuk Turks .
After leaving office , Rau lived with his family in the federal capital , Berlin .
The Pitman arm is a steering component in an automobile or truck . The Pitman arm is a linkage attached to the steering gear -LRB- see recirculating ball -RRB- sector shaft , that converts the angular motion of the sector shaft into the linear motion needed to steer the wheels .
Thong , Kent , a village in England
Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia and , as a means to that end , an of people interested in building a high-quality encyclopedia in a spirit of mutual respect .
In a video interview from March 2007 , lead singer Mike Reno confirmed that the band finished recording a new studio album released in 2007 .
Bautzen I is still used as a prison , and Bautzen II has served as a memorial since 1993 .
The camp was on the side of a hill near Mount Stuart , on the west side of the road to Charters Towers .
A minbar -LRB- , also spelt mimbar or mimber -RRB- is a pulpit in the mosque where the imam -LRB- leader of prayer -RRB- stands to deliver sermons -LRB- khutbah Ø Ø Ø Ø -RRB- or in the Hussainia where the speaker sits and lectures the congregation .
Roberto EmÃ lio da Cunha , best known as Roberto -LRB- born in NiterÃ i , June 20 , 1912 ; died March 20 , 1977 -RRB- was a Brazilian footballer in striker role .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
Their respective choices were a result of their parties ' official colours - red for the Labour Party , and blue for the Conservative Party .
Wales : 22 unitary authorities
After several years , during which most of the other survivors had died and the only people left on the island were Conan and his grandfather , he meets a young girl named Lana , and their adventure begins .
It is situated on the River Lune and has a population of 45,952 .
They meet at the Council of Acre and decide to attack Damascus .
Henotheism : The viewpoint\/belief that there may be more than one deity , but worship of only one of them .
Van Diemen 's Land was the original name used by most Europeans for the island of Tasmania , now part of Australia .
It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde , 14 km southeast of Zwickau .
There are two types of tundra : Arctic tundra -LRB- which also occurs in Antarctica -RRB- and alpine tundra .
These methods are used today to produce a wide variety of useful chemicals such as pharmaceuticals or commercial polymers .
Among the most active of the major Curial institutions are the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , which oversees the Catholic Church 's doctrine ; the Congregation for Bishops , which coordinates the appointment of bishops worldwide ; the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples , which oversees all missionary activities ; and the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace , which deals with international peace and social issues .
Marcion believed Jesus Christ was the savior sent by God and Paul of Tarsus was his chief apostle , but he rejected the Hebrew Bible and Yahweh .
Medea , a tragedy about Medea Nux -LRB- '' The Walnut Tree '' -RRB- A volume of poems in Getic , the language of Dacia , where Ovid was exiled , not extant -LRB- possibly fictitious -RRB- .
Private housing in the adjacent suburb of Wendouree closely matched and eventually eclipsed this by the mid 1960s .
Patrick explained that he related to the story because he was '' constantly creating imaginary worlds as a kid '' himself , and that the film 's setting reminded him of where he grew up .
Year 1430 -LRB- MCDXXX -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Matt currently drives the No. 17 Crown Royal Ford Fusion in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series for Roush Fenway Racing .
Pind Kargu Khan is an historical town , the huge forest of pine tree named Kohe-e-Balehana is located on the peak of Sando Gali , most of the residents are engaged with agriculture where the main crops are maze and wheat .
In medicine , pulmonary hypertension -LRB- PH -RRB- is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery , pulmonary vein , or pulmonary capillaries , together known as the lung vasculature , leading to shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , and other symptoms , all of which are exacerbated by exertion . Pulmonary hypertension can be a severe disease with a markedly decreased exercise tolerance and heart failure .
Typing in the '' edit-form '' would yield in the '' read-mode '' .
Bone Marrow is the flexible tissue found in the interior of bones .
Daughters of geisha were often brought up as geisha themselves , usually as the successor -LRB- atotori , meaning '' heiress '' -RRB- or daughter-role -LRB- musume-bun -RRB- to the okiya .
At in length , the Murray rises in the Australian Alps , draining the western side of Australia 's highest mountains and , for most of its length , meanders across Australia 's inland plains , forming the border between New South Wales and Victoria as it flows to the northwest , before turning south for its final or so into South Australia , before emptying at Lake Alexandrina .
The next day , the two tribes merged into Balboa , a name given to a sea snake Rupert had found and tried unsuccessfully to nurse back to health .
Most RTSP servers use the Real-time Transport Protocol -LRB- RTP -RRB- for media stream delivery , however some vendors implement proprietary transport protocols .
Though Hugo 's popularity was on the decline at the time of its publication , many now consider Ninety-Three to be a work on par with Hugo 's better-known novels .
Period = from :0 till :35000
A scanning tunneling microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- is an instrument for imaging surfaces at the atomic level .
Recording sessions for the album took place during June 2007 to April 2008 and featured production by Jon Hopkins , Rik Simpson , Markus Dravs and Brian Eno .
Claudius convinces Laertes that Hamlet is solely responsible ; then news arrives that Hamlet is still at large -- his ship was attacked by pirates on the way to England , and he has returned to Denmark .
It is also used to express the speed of delivery of a ball in various sporting events , such as cricket , tennis , and baseball at the higher levels of competition .
This process was formerly known as an '' organ harvest '' , but the name has since changed to the milder '' organ recovery . ''
iTunes is an application that allows the user to manage audio and video on a personal computer , acting as a front end for Apple 's QuickTime media player .
Duke Ernest of Gotha and Duchess Elisabeth Sophie 's numerous sons divided the inheritance -LRB- five eights of all Ernestine lands -RRB- initially to seven parts : Gotha-Altenburg , Coburg , Meiningen , Römhild , Eisenberg , Hildburghausen and Saalfeld .
Ansel Easton Adams -LRB- February 20 , 1902 -- April 22 , 1984 -RRB- was an American photographer and environmentalist , best known for his black-and-white photographs of the American West and primarily Yosemite National Park .
On 22 May 1990 , the two states merged to form the Republic of Yemen , which continued as a single member under the name Yemen .
Binaries that are both visual and spectroscopic thus must be relatively close to Earth .
Even some species with lungs can respire through the skin in this manner .
Finidi George -LRB- born 15 April 1971 in Port Harcourt -RRB- is a former Nigerian footballer , who played as a right winger .
An abnormally high failure rate in Firestone 's Wilderness AT , Firestone ATX , and ATX II tires resulted in multiple lawsuits , as well as an eventual mandatory recall .
His name is incorrectly spelled '' Ishmon '' in some sources and on some records .
Currently the council is controlled by the Labor Party and is led by Sir Richard Leese .
The Cybermen returned in episodes 5 and 6 of the 2006 season of the new series , in a two-part story set on an alternative Earth .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum -LRB- or in some cases , the difference -RRB- of their values .
CBBC -LRB- a contraction of the original name , Children 's BBC , short for Children 's BBC and Children 's British Broadcasting Corporation -RRB- is the brand name used for the BBC 's children 's television programs , and currently specifically refers to those programs aimed at children .
The liver converts ammonia to urea .
Each component is about 86 Â 1 km across , with their centers separated by only about 171 kilometers .
Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn -LRB- , 15 July 1606 â '' 4 October 1669 -RRB- was a Dutch painter and etcher .
The order Cetacea -LRB- , L. cetus , whale , from Greek -RRB- includes the marine mammals commonly known as whales , dolphins , and porpoises .
The first armored agnathans -- the Ostracoderms , precursors to the bony fish and hence to the tetrapods -LRB- including humans -RRB- -- are known from the middle Ordovician , and by the Late Silurian the agnathans had reached the high point of their evolution .
1870 & ndash ; Georges Claude , French chemist and inventor -LRB- d. 1960 -RRB-
The term '' performing arts '' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711 .
The team went on to finish 3rd and 4th in the race , equalling their highest round points total and promoting them to first place in the constructors ' championship for the first time .
Natural and cultivated origin hybrids include commercially important fruit such as the oranges , grapefruit , lemons , some limes , and some tangerines .
In November 1947 , the United Nations voted in favor of the partition of Palestine , proposing the creation of a Jewish state , an Arab state , and a UN-administered Jerusalem .
Most modern browsers allow users to decide whether to accept cookies , and the time frame to keep them , but rejecting cookies makes some websites unusable .
7 new boroughs created from the remaining added areas , each named after the largest village in the area at the time : Pankow , Reinickendorf , Steglitz , Tempelhof , Treptow , Weißensee and Zehlendorf
The 2008 Royal Rumble was the first WWE pay-per-view to be available in high-definition .
NYG 2008 12 4 0 .750 1st in NFC East 0 1 .000 Lost to Philadelphia Eagles in NFC Divisional Game .
The Crusade was prosecuted primarily by the French and promptly took on a political flavor , resulting in not only a significant reduction in the number of practicing Cathars but also a realignment of Occitania , bringing it into the sphere of the French crown and diminishing the distinct regional culture and high level of Aragonese influence .
Mika Pauli HÃ kkinen -LRB- born 28 September 1968 in Vantaa in the Helsinki metropolitan area -RRB- is a Finnish racing driver and two-time Formula One World Champion .
It is designated municipally as a commune within the département of Vendée .
During the September 24 hearing , evidence was presented which demonstrated the need for improving readiness to cope with disasters , such as Alicia .
On June 17 , 1908 , he married Mary Gaston Stollenwerck , whom he had met as a choir member during a meeting he was conducting in Uniontown , Alabama .
The quake was felt as far north as Tauranga and as far south as Invercargill , where the 111 emergency network was rendered out of service .
At one time there were four different systems of electrification in use , a record for any station in London .
About Buxton , History of Buxton , accessed June 2009 The town largely grew in importance in the late 8th century when it was developed by the Dukes of Devonshire , with a second resurgence a century later as the Victorians were drawn to the reputed healing properties of the waters .
Vision of Britain - Components of South Yorkshire
The Office implements the Program on Space Applications and maintains the Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space .
Feudal royal regent The title of Lord Protector was originally used by royal princes or other nobles exercising an individual regency -LRB- i.e. , not merely member of a collegial regency council -RRB- while the English monarch was still a minor or otherwise unable to rule .
Frederick I -LRB- 11 July 1657 â '' 25 February 1713 -RRB- , of the Hohenzollern dynasty , was -LRB- as Frederick III -RRB- Elector of Brandenburg -LRB- 1688 â '' 1713 -RRB- and Duke of Prussia in personal union -LRB- Brandenburg-Prussia -RRB- . The latter function he upgraded to royalty , becoming the first King in Prussia -LRB- 1701 â '' 1713 -RRB- .
William John '' Liam '' Neeson , OBE -LRB- born 7 June 1952 -RRB- is an Irish actor well known for his roles as Oskar Schindler in Schindler 's List , Michael Collins in Michael Collins , Qui-Gon Jinn in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace and Aslan in The Chronicles of Narnia film series .
It was first introduced as a series of kei cars and subcompact cars in the 1960s , and then as the export version of the Mitsubishi Mirage hatchback in the 1980s and 1990s .
Its remnants brought unsettled conditions to Bermuda , including a 45 mph -LRB- 72 km\/h -RRB- wind gust at the Bermuda International Airport .
One litre of water has a mass of almost exactly one kilogram when measured at its maximal density , which occurs at about 4 degrees Celsius .
Considered a conservative , Rehnquist favored a conception of federalism that emphasized the Tenth Amendment 's reservation of powers to the states .
Waterloo station , also known as London Waterloo , is a major railway terminus in central London , owned and operated by Network Rail .
Alloy steels are broken down into two groups : low alloy steels and high alloy steels .
Some CRs practice divination ; ogham is a favored method , as are folkloric customs such as the taking of omens from the shapes of clouds or the behavior of birds and animals .
Each volcano and in some cases each volcanic eruption produces a distinguishable type of obsidian , making it possible for archaeologists to trace the origins of a particular artifact .
He was the Titan of Mortal Life , while his son , Prometheus , was the creator of mankind .
rsssf : Argentina record international footballers
Dar es Salaam is actually an administrative province within Tanzania , and consists of three local government areas or administrative districts : Kinondoni to the north , Ilala in the center of the region , and Temeke to the south .
She won the short program with 64.62 points and was placed second in the free skate earning 132.21 .
The aircraft has a typical capacity of 128 passengers in a two-class configuration -LRB- 137 seats in a one-class coach seating configuration -RRB- .
This section also covers the post-privatisation period , as the broad numbering and classification arrangements have not altered since the break-up of BR .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
Guernsey and Jersey decide , after a plebiscite of wealthy land owners , to remain with the English crown after Normandy was recaptured by Philip II of France .
The date of Alban 's execution is a matter of some debate , and is generally given as '' circa 250 '' -- scholars generally suggest dates of 209 , 254 or 304 .
He was born in Spi ská Sobota , Poprad , former-day Austria-Hungary , present-day Slovakia , and died in Subotica , former Yugoslavia .
Since MS-DOS had access to more memory -LRB- as few IBM PCs were sold with less than 64 KB of memory , while CP\/M had to run in 16 KB if necessary -RRB- , more commands were built in to the command-line user interface logic , making MS-DOS somewhat faster and easier to use on floppy-based computers .
Cole , a smoker of three packs of cigarettes a day , died of lung cancer on February 15 , 1965 .
Mickey Rooney -LRB- born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 -RRB- is an American film actor and entertainer whose film , television , and stage appearances span nearly his entire lifetime .
It is the busiest English station outside London , and the UK 's second busiest station outside London , after Glasgow Central .
Wikizine is short so it does not take long to read it
The Province of Belluno -LRB- Provincia di Belluno -RRB- is a province in the Veneto region of Italy .
The Province of Arezzo or Arretium -LRB- -RRB- is the easternmost province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
These include RTÃ Two HD , RTÃ News Now , RTÃ jr and RTÃ Aertel Digital . RTÃ Television also offers two further services : RTÃ Live , where viewers can watch RTÃ as it broadcasts live on the internet , utilizing programming from both RTÃ One and RTÃ Two and RTÃ Player an on-demand video service .
Laval-d ` Aurelle is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
It appears to swim and feed in a leisurely manner , but is elusive and will avoid boats of any kind .
It was the largest sporting event to be staged in Melbourne , eclipsing the 1956 Summer Olympics in terms of the number of teams competing , athletes competing , and events being held .
After he explored this region in 1614 , Dutch fur traders sailed up the Connecticut River -LRB- then known by the Dutch as Versche Rivier - '' Fresh River '' -RRB- and built a fort at Dutch Point near present-day Hartford , which they called '' House of Hope '' -LRB- -RRB- .
March music originates from the military , and marches are usually played by a marching band . The most important instruments are various drums -LRB- especially snare drum -RRB- , horns , fife or woodwind instruments and brass instruments .
Ronald David '' Ronnie '' Wood -LRB- born 1 June 1947 -RRB- is an English rock guitarist and bassist best known as a former member of The Jeff Beck Group , Faces , and current member of The Rolling Stones .
Though there are many important differences of interpretation and opinion of the Bible on which Christianity is based , Christians share a set of beliefs that they hold as essential to their faith .
Day Date Notes Day 1Thursday 26 Safar AH 1 -LRB- 9 September 622 -RRB- Left home in Mecca .
A second influx of Austronesian immigrants began in the early twentieth century under the Dutch and continued in the Indonesian era .
In 2009 , IFFHS named him as the third best goalkeeper in the world , behind only the Spaniard Iker Casillas and the Italian Gianluigi Buffon .
A rosary bracelet is one with ten beads and often a cross or medal as well . The most modern form is the rosary card .
Its highest peak , Galdhøpiggen -LRB- 2469 m -RRB- is the highest mountain in Scandinavia .
Surfing with the Alien is one of Satriani 's most successful albums to date .
The Atari 2600 is a video game console released in October 1977 .
This type of interpersonal relationship relates to the comradeship of fellow soldiers in peace or war .
However , he quarrelled with his staff officer Anton von Hohberg und Buchwald .
The Government of Zanzibar legalized foreign exchange bureaus on the islands before mainland Tanzania moved to do so .
In the English language , the word red is associated with the color of blood , certain flowers -LRB- e.g. roses -RRB- , and ripe fruits -LRB- e.g. apples , cherries -RRB- .
Two weeks before Adolf Hitler was sworn in as Chancellor in January 1933 , and before the beginning of Hitler 's murderous purge of his political opponents , Kellner and his family moved to the village of Laubach in Hesse , where he worked as the chief justice inspector in the district court .
The series is part of the Cartoon Network programming block CN Real .
Molar conductivity is defined as the conductivity of an electrolyte solution divided by the molar concentration of the electrolyte , and so measures the efficiency with which a given electrolyte conducts electricity in solution .
When the film was released in 2009 , Naâ vi had a growing vocabulary of about a thousand words , but understanding of its grammar was limited to the language 's creator .
The Fiat Punto is a supermini produced by the Italian manufacturer , Fiat , since 1993 .
In human interactions , teasing comes in two major forms , playful and hurtful .
It was founded circa 1958 â '' 1959 by Malaclypse the Younger with the publication of its principal text , the Principia Discordia .
February 6 -- James Stuart , Duke of York becomes James II of England and Ireland and King James VII of Scotland in succession to his brother Charles II -LRB- 1630 -- 1685 -RRB- , King of Great Britain since 1660 .
Both the start and end of the Triassic are marked by major extinction events .
The Astor Markhor or Flare-horned Markhor -LRB- Capra falconeri falconeri -RRB- is an endangered markhor , native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan .
A mischievous boy who can fly and magically refuses to grow up , Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood adventuring on the small island of Neverland as the leader of his gang the Lost Boys , interacting with mermaids , Indians , fairies , and pirates , and from time to time meeting ordinary children from the world outside .
King , Bruce -LRB- 2003 -RRB- V.S. Naipaul , 2nd ed -LRB- Macmillan -RRB- Kramer , Jane -LRB- 13 April , 1980 -RRB- From the Third World , an assessment of Naipaul 's work in the New York Times Book Review .
Dark spots may dissipate when they migrate too close to the equator or possibly through some other unknown mechanism .
TimeAxis = orientation : vertical
By 1995 already 180 students per semester were being taught at IMI .
The diversity of plant species is the highest on Earth with some experts estimating that one square kilometer may contain over 75,000 types of trees and 150,000 species of higher plants .
Shohei Yamamoto is a Japanese footballer who plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
He made many recordings throughout his career , of solo , chamber , and orchestral music , also as conductor , but Casals is perhaps best remembered for the recording of the Bach Cello Suites he made from 1936 to 1939 .
Iraq -- Pakistan relations are the relations between Pakistan and Iraq .
The more accurate phrase used for this meaning of a maximum amount of data transfer each month or given period is monthly data transfer . .
_ Digital_Media
Cheerios is a brand of breakfast cereal .
Rembrandt 's greatest creative triumphs are exemplified especially in his portraits of his contemporaries , self-portraits and illustrations of scenes from the Bible .
This limits them ; they can not operate under the extreme hydrostatic pressures found at depths greater than approximately 800 m.
It was spotted while J. N. Spitale was trying to confirm the orbit of another provisional object , that was seen 5 hours earlier just exterior to the F ring .
Local newspapers are The Sleaford Target , The Sleaford Citizen , and The Sleaford Standard .
Tropical Storm Chantal developed from a tropical wave on August 14 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean .
A simple example is when equally-spaced divisions on the vertical axis of a chart are labeled 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 , instead of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .
Red is also one of the subtractive primary colors of RYB color space but not CMYK color space .
Lakhdar Belloumi -LRB- born December 29 , 1958 in Mascara , Algeria -RRB- is a former Algerian football player and manager .
While Javier peaked at Category 4 , with windspeeds of 150 mph -LRB- 240 km\/h -RRB- , it weakened dramatically before striking land south of San Ignacio , Baja California Sur , as only a tropical depression .
In 1487 , Yorkists led by Lincoln rebelled in support of Lambert Simnel , a boy who was claimed to be the Earl of Warwick , son of Edward IV 's brother Clarence -LRB- who was actually a prisoner in the Tower -RRB- .
The Washington Monument is an obelisk near the west end of the National Mall in Washington , D.C. , built to commemorate the first U.S. president , General George Washington .
SÃ # o TomÃ and PrÃ ncipe is divided into 2 provinces : PrÃ ncipe , SÃ # o TomÃ .
In addition , customers are entitled to lossless FLAC versions of the album at no extra cost for all download formats of the album .
The economy of the state is largely based on agriculture and cattle-raising .
1957 & ndash ; The African Convention is founded in Dakar .
Wellington was originally established in 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as a agricultural station .
Following the connection to the South West Tablelands Water Supply Scheme , which provided water from Burrinjuck Dam , the railways ceased to draw water from Chinamanâ s Dam after 1936 .
Baliros is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It can trace its history back to 1040 A.D. -LRB- although the Zatec brewery in the Czech Republic claims it can prove that it paid a beer tax in 1004 A.D. -RRB- .
He named these Pteranodon -LRB- Occidentalia -RRB- occidentalis -LRB- for the now-disused species P. occidentalis -RRB- and Pteranodon -LRB- Sternbergia -RRB- sternbergi . However , the name Sternbergia was preoccupied , and in 1978 Miller re-named the species Pteranodon -LRB- Geosternbergia -RRB- sternbergi , and named a third subgenus\/species combination for P. longiceps , as Pteranodon -LRB- Longicepia -RRB- longiceps .
In 2006 , it was announced that WWE would be reviving ECW as its third brand -LRB- to complement Raw and SmackDown ! -RRB- .
It is awarded to him in a ceremony by the President of the Bundestag attended by the Chancellor , the President of the Bundesrat and the Supreme Court President .
She secretly listened to pop music because her parents were against it .
I was raised differently , not to tell ... It 's about business but it 's still also a code of ethics '' '' When asked by Anderson Cooper if he would tell the police if a serial killer was living next to him , Cam ` ron replied '' I would probably move , '' but would not inform the police .
Since the color rose is so well loved in Persia -LRB- Iran -RRB- , many shades of rose are named after Persia , such as the light shade of rose at right that is called Persian pink .
The declaration of independence was made by members of the Kosovo Assembly meeting in Pristina , the capital of Kosovo , on 17 February 2008 . It was approved by a unanimous quorum , numbering 109 members .
The Sunni community holds that the Qur ` an is uncreated , as exemplified by the suffering of Imam Ahmad ibn Hanbal during the Mihna .
In Greek , words deriving from polis include politÄ '' s and politismos , whose exact equivalents in Latin , Romance and other European languages , respectively civis -LRB- citizen -RRB- , civilisatio -LRB- civilization -RRB- etc. are similarly derived .
It was not officially named by the National Hurricane Center as it was operationally classified as a non-tropical low .
'' Yellow '' was written in a Rockfield studio in Wales called the Quadrangle , where Coldplay began working on their debut album , Parachutes .
Many mathematicians have worked on primality tests for large numbers , often restricted to specific number forms . This includes PÃ pin 's test for Fermat numbers -LRB- 1877 -RRB- , Proth 's theorem -LRB- around 1878 -RRB- , the Lucasâ '' Lehmer primality test -LRB- originated 1856 -RRB- , and the generalized Lucas primality test .
Some animals , such as the tortoise , have both an endoskeleton and an exoskeleton .
Originally , it was an Arabic language abstract noun meaning '' strength '' , '' authority '' , or '' rulership '' , derived from the masdar Ø Ù Ø Ø sulá ah , meaning '' authority '' or '' power '' .
Sailly-en-Ostrevent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Lünen or Luenen is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
Ingrid Bergman -LRB- 29 August 1915 â '' 29 August 1982 -RRB- was a Swedish actress who starred in a variety of European and American films .
These new citizens developed MazatlÃ n into a thriving commercial seaport , importing equipment for the nearby gold and silver mines .
It forms part of the administrative Arica Province and has a population of 1,220 .
Since 1903 , the official census-taking agency of the United States government has been the Bureau of the Census .
Huxley coined the term '' phanerothyme , '' from the Greek terms for '' manifest '' -LRB- Ï Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Ï -RRB- and '' spirit '' -LRB- Î Ï
Initially run in seven-car formations , they have now been lengthened to eight cars .
R.E.M. is an American rock band formed in Athens , Georgia , in 1980 by singer Michael Stipe , guitarist Peter Buck , bassist Mike Mills and drummer Bill Berry .
The original Rubik 's Cube had no orientation markings on the center faces -LRB- although some carried the words '' Rubik 's Cube '' on the center square of the white face -RRB- , and therefore solving it does not require any attention to orienting those faces correctly .
It was released on DVD and Blu-Ray on September 16 .
A sovereign state is a political association with effective internal and external sovereignty over a geographic area and population which is not dependent on , or subject to , the power of any other power of state .
During those three games , he did n't score any points nor did he earn any penalty minutes .
Ranked 4th nationally
The author identifies himself as '' James , a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ '' .
Nanyang Technological University -LRB- Abbreviation : NTU -RRB- is a major research university in Singapore .
Systematics , in other words , is used to understand the evolutionary history of life on Earth .
Request for Page Protection - Sends a request for protection to the page of the same name .
The game featured competitive one-on-one '' battles '' and also allowed the player a greater degree of freedom than normally found in rhythm games .
Jasper is a city in Hamilton County , Florida , United States .
Domesticated oats appear relatively late , and far from the Near East , in Bronze Age Europe .
As a political domain or domains , it successively constituted a province of the Umayyad Caliphate , initiated by the Caliph Al-Walid I -LRB- 711-750 -RRB- ; the Emirate of Córdoba -LRB- c. 750-929 -RRB- ; the Caliphate of Córdoba -LRB- 929-1031 -RRB- ; and the Caliphate of Córdoba 's taifa -LRB- successor -RRB- kingdoms .
Freia enters , screaming in fear , followed by Fasolt and Fafner .
Sheffield has two universities , the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam University .
Luigi de Agostini -LRB- born April 7 , 1961 -RRB- is an Italian former football defender , who represented the Italian national football team at Euro 1988 and the 1990 FIFA World Cup .
In philosophy , theory -LRB- from ancient Greek theoria , , meaning '' a looking at , viewing , beholding '' -RRB- refers to contemplation or speculation , as opposed to action .
Soon after , the duo began teaming with Joey Matthews , later known as Joey Mercury .
Gary Kelly -LRB- born 9 July 1974 in Drogheda , County Louth -RRB- is an Irish former professional footballer who played his entire professional career with Leeds United .
Ebisu -LRB- , , , -RRB- , also transliterated Yebisu or called Hiruko -LRB- -RRB- or Kotoshiro-nushi-no-kami -LRB- -RRB- , is the Japanese god of fishermen , good luck , and workingmen , as well as the guardian of the health of small children .
The only thing special about the equator is that all days of the year , solstices included , have roughly the same length of about 12 hours , so that it makes no sense to talk about summer and winter .
The Black Sea was a significant naval theatre of World War I and saw both naval and land battles during World War II .
He served as the 23rd President of the Senate of the Philippines from 2000-2001 .
Synesthesia is also sometimes reported by individuals under the influence of psychedelic drugs , after a stroke , during a temporal lobe epilepsy seizure , or as a result of blindness or deafness .
The North South Line Marina South Extension is a fully underground southward extension from Marina Bay Station .
GonaÃ ves is also known as Haiti 's City of Independence because it was there that Jean-Jacques Dessalines declared Haiti , the former Saint-Domingue , independent from France on January 1 , 1804 by reading the Act of Independence , drafted by Boisrond Tonnerre , on the Place d'Armes of the town .
Only the sauropod Cetiosaurus has been discovered dating from this time period .
Billie Holiday was born Eleanora Fagan on April 7 , 1915 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to her mother Sarah Julia '' Sadie '' Fagan -LRB- nÃ e Harris -RRB- , and Clarence Halliday -LRB- Holiday -RRB- , who was a musician .
Herbert Spencer Gasser -LRB- July 5 , 1888 -- May 11 , 1963 -RRB- was an American physiologist , and recipient of the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1944 for his work with action potentials in nerve fibers while on the faculty of Washington University in St. Louis , awarded jointly with Joseph Erlanger .
Thuram holds the record for most appearances at the European Championship , with 16 .
Such conditions produced distinctive human behaviors that are preserved in the material record , such as the Maglemosian and Azilian cultures .
It has transmitted coverage of Major League Baseball 's World Series since 2004 .
Physical changes occur when objects undergo a change that does not change their chemical nature . A physical change involves a change in physical properties .
This is because none of the country 's ministries are actually located in the capital .
A magnet has a polarity , in that one end is the '' north '' and the other is the '' south '' .
Some of these pies are pies in name only , such as the Boston cream pie , which is a cake . Many fruit and berry pies are very similar , varying only the fruit used in filling .
Boy -LRB- 1980s band -RRB- , a 1980s American rock group
All the rubble was carted away , and the nave was ready for use by Palm Sunday .
Scarlino appeared before the year 100 as a possession of the Aldobrandeschi family , and was later handed over to the bishops of Roselle and then the Alberti family .
On December 8 , 2008 , President Barack Obama announced he would nominate retired army General Eric Shinseki to be the 7th Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
The Aegean Sea lies to the east and south of mainland Greece , while the Ionian Sea lies to the west .
On 4 February 2000 , Archer was expelled from the Conservative Party for five years .
Gadsden County is the only predominantly African-American county in Florida .
Seeing this as a sign from God he adopted the golden cross against a blue background as his banner , though the golden cross was changed later to a yellow cross due to practicality .
Analysis An Inspector Calls shows the inter-connectivity of people in the drama of human existence , and reflects Priestley 's socialist views whilst outlining the problems he saw with capitalism .
Alcohol intoxication -LRB- also known as drunkenness or being drunk or inebriated -RRB- is a physiological state occurring when an organism has a high level of ethanol in its bloodstream , or when ethanol otherwise causes the physiological effect known as drunkenness .
However in recent years an additional escalator has been installed in place of the fixed stairway at Brixton -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Vauxhall -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
Call is revealed to be an android after Wren betrays the group .
Other resources include illustrated information on all works in Tate 's Collection of British and Modern international art , structured and informal e-learning opportunities for all visitors , over 400 hours of archived webcast events , all articles from the magazine Tate Etc. , and a series of bespoke net art commissions .
Noon , Patrick , et al. , Crossing the Channel : British and French Painting in the Age of Romanticism , p. 58 , Tate Publishing , 2003 .
The Cat Who Played Post Office -LRB-/O1987/O-RRB-
He also conducted at La Scala in Milan .
Beechwood Village is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
In 2004 the book was sold to Miramax Books for enough money that Riordan could quit his job to focus on writing .
Amongst them is MimÃ , coughing violently .
Élber Giovane de Souza , simply Élber -LRB- born 23 July 1972 in Londrina , Paraná -RRB- , is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as a striker .
These people were living in the central plains of KwaZulu-Natal until the expansion of Bantu people from the north sometime during the last millennium .
Concerts include the YCAT Wigmore Lunchtime Series and concert series at the South Bank Purcell Room and the Bridgewater Hall in Manchester .
2 -RRB- Use for explicitly cited references .
February & ndash ; Byzantine emperor Alexius IV is overthrown in a revolution , and Alexius V is proclaimed emperor .
Black Pepper -LRB- or perhaps long pepper -RRB- was believed to cure illness such as constipation , diarrhea , Limonene , Safrole , earache , gangrene , heart disease , hernia , hoarseness , indigestion , insect bites , insomnia , joint pain , liver problems , lung disease , oral abscesses , sunburn , tooth decay , and toothaches .
They occur at depths ranging to about 400 metres , but mainly between 0 to 70 metres .
MIT makes an implementation of Kerberos freely available , under copyright permissions similar to those used for BSD .
Dante went to Verona as a guest of Bartolomeo I della Scala , then moved to Sarzana in Liguria .
Sometimes called the Damask plum , damsons are commonly used in the preparation of jams and jellies . The plum spirit slivovitz is made from fermented damson fruit .
They had four children : Moon Unit , Dweezil , Ahmet Emuukha Rodan and Diva Thin Muffin Pigeen .
This led Mohammed Ali Jinnah , the founder of Pakistan , to proclaim that the Award of the Boundary Commission was unjust , incomprehensible and perverse .
Sound Horizon 's first major release was in 2004 , with the album Elysion ~ Rakuen e no Zens kyoku ~ -LRB- lit .
Each of the countries of the United Kingdom has a separate education system with power over education devolved to Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales .
It is the first facility built specifically for the Twins , as Metropolitan Stadium was built for the Minneapolis Millers five years before the Twins came to Minnesota and the Metrodome was built as a multipurpose stadium for the Twins , Minnesota Vikings and the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers football team - the 2010 season was the first since 1936 in which the franchise did not share their home stadium with an NFL team .
The province is full of reminders of the Cuban Revolution , and the Cuban Wars of Independence , plaques in the mountain commemorating the 1959 struggle against Fulgencio Batista .
It is thinner than continental crust , or sial , generally less than 10 kilometers thick , however it is denser , having a mean density of about 3.3 grams per cubic centimeter .
The depression headed roughly west , and was torn apart by vertical shear on September 8 without affecting land .
He spent most of his life in North Mississippi , working as a sharecropper and a commercial fisherman , as well as playing guitar at weekend house parties .
Polo is not always played on ponies , canoe polo , cycle polo , camel polo , elephant polo , golf cart polo , Segway polo , BMX polo , yak polo and water polo also exist ; however most of these variants are not played at a professional level .
Answers to the paradox include that since God is supposedly omnipotent , the phrase '' could not lift '' does not make sense and the paradox is meaningless , and that logical impossibilities do not fall under the omnipotence of God .
Acute mania in bipolar disorder is typically treated with mood stabilizers and/or antipsychotic medication .
The song hit number-one in 31 countries and helped establish the group as a '' global phenomenon '' .
Tim Hortons Inc. -LRB- , -RRB- is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts .
Édouard-Victoire-Antoine Lalo -LRB- 27 January 1823 22 April 1892 -RRB- was a French composer .
Anvari accuses Mu'izzi of copying the verses of other poets -LRB- which can not be proven for certain -RRB- , yet Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu'izzi 's verses .
Solzhenitsyn was the father of Ignat Solzhenitsyn , a conductor and pianist .
Anders Celsius -LRB- 27 November 1701 25 April 1744 -RRB- was a Swedish astronomer .
They were paired again for a song on the TV series '
Leadership at prayer falls into three categories , depending on the type of prayer : five daily prayers , Friday prayer , or optional prayers .
This set became the primary set for Jeopardy ! on September 14 , 2009 .
Primary , Secondary and Tertiary Sources , UM Libraries ; '' Library Guides : Primary , secondary and tertiary sources ''
Beato Angelico ; Monographia Storica della Vita e delle Opere con Un ' Appendice di Nuovi Documenti Inediti .
After the release of their first album Believo !
ChantrignÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Walter Zenga -LRB- born 28 April 1960 in Milan -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer and current manager .
The regional capital is Potenza .
Their debut album The Back Room was released in 2005 .
Spencer Perceval , KC -LRB- 1 November 1762 -- 11 May 1812 -RRB- was a British statesman and Prime Minister .
The town of Alice Springs straddles the usually dry Todd River on the northern side of the MacDonnell Ranges .
In the past it was also sometimes called the Kennington Oval .
Knickerbocker Bears gained the license to produce Smokey bear dolls in 1944 .
Francis Jean Marcel Poulenc -LRB- -LRB- 7 January 1899 - 30 January 1963 -RRB- was a French composer and a member of the French group Les Six .
A text file exists within a computer file system .
When the First World War began in 1914 , Kellner was called up for active duty as a sergeant and deputy-officer in the Prinz Carl Infantry Regiment -LRB- 4 .
It also includes many small villages like Minapin , Hope and Hispar etc. .
Preston M. '' Pete '' Geren , III -LRB- born January 29 , 1952 in Fort Worth , Texas -RRB- has served as the 20th and current United States Secretary of the Army since July 16 , 2007 .
Karl Ernst Adolf Anderssen -LRB- July 6 , 1818 â '' March 13 , 1879 -RRB- was a German chess master .
The minimal FreeBSD 7.2 distribution , web interface , PHP scripts , and documentation are based on m0n0wall .
It is the largest mountain in the region and has been nicknamed the '' Giant of Provence '' , or '' The Bald Mountain '' .
It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Province of Liege .
The Arena da Baixada , formerly known as Estádio Joaquim Américo Guimarães , and named Kyocera Arena for a short period of time -LRB- beginning 2005 until April 1 , 2008 -RRB- , is a football stadium and an indoor arena inaugurated on June 6 , 1914 in Água Verde neighborhood , Curitiba , Paraná , with a maximum capacity of 25,180 people .
The Sting CD and DVD were taken directly from an experimental webcast that Lawless claims to have had no control over .
The Ender 's Game series -LRB- sometimes called Ender series or Enderverse -RRB- is a series of science fiction books by Orson Scott Card .
After World War I , it was part of the People 's State of Hesse .
It was founded in Porto in 1893 .
Year 1295 -LRB- MCCXCV -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday
Justin Towell of GamesRadar UK expressed disappointment , both that the games were not announced for the planned Nintendo 3DS handheld , and that the names evoked an image of obsolete Game Boy technology .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery , KBE -LRB- born 25 August 1930 -RRB- , more commonly known as Sean Connery , is a Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards and three Golden Globes .
It can also refer to the right of bestowing offices or church benefices , the business given to a store by a regular customer , and the guardianship of saints .
The Socratic method -LRB- or Method of Elenchus or Socratic Debate -RRB- , named after the Classical Greek philosopher Socrates , is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate critical thinking and to illuminate ideas .
Victor Karl Hammer -LRB- September 9 , 1882 - October 7 , 1967 -RRB- , was an Austrian-born American painter , sculptor , printer , and typographer .
1951 & ndash ; The first live sporting event seen coast-to-coast in the United States , a college football game between Duke and the University of Pittsburgh , is televised on NBC .
In 1684 , the Qing Dynasty conquered Taiwan and established Taiwan-fu -LRB- Taiwan Government -RRB- as the first official local government in Taiwan .
Eucalyptus oil is readily steam distilled from the leaves and can be used for cleaning , deodorising , and in very small quantities in food supplements , especially sweets , cough drops , toothpaste and decongestants .
Also in 1964 , Jordan constructed a channel that diverted water from the Yarmouk River , another main tributary of the Jordan River .
Folds are pearly white in color - whiter in females than they are in males .
Leningrad In 1945 , Petr Shelokhonov became a piano student at the Kiev Conservatory of Music , he also played the accordion on stage , albeit his plan was to become an actor in Leningrad .
See also Wars of Scottish Independence First War of Scottish Independence References Primary Anonimalle Chronicle , 1333-81 , ed .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 -LRB- M -RRB- which continues to Glasgow .
It consisted of the Heer -LRB- army -RRB- , the Kriegsmarine -LRB- navy -RRB- and the Luftwaffe -LRB- air force -RRB- .
A coin to pay Charon for passage , usually an obolus or danake , was sometimes placed in or on the mouth of a dead person .
People with prolonged , frequent , or intense contact are at particularly high risk of becoming infected , with an estimated 22 % infection rate .
date unknown & ndash ; Edmund de Ros , 11th Baron de Ros , English politician -LRB- d. 1508 -RRB-
A Fanfare is a short piece of music played by trumpets and other brass instruments , frequently accompanied by percussion , usually for ceremonial purposes -LRB- usually for royalty or important people -RRB- .
The exact moment and place that the erectional phenomenon of human government developed is lost in time ; however , history does record the formations of very early governments .
In recent decades , an alternative doctrine known as '' Oneness '' has been espoused among various Pentecostal groups -LRB- see below -RRB- , but has been rejected by the remainder of Christendom .
The system is about officer safety and arose out of the violence of the 1970s/80s in New York City .
In biology , binomial nomenclature is the formal system of naming species .
Gears of War sold over three million copies in just ten weeks and was the fastest-selling video game of 2006 , and was the second-most played game over Xbox Live during .
Gunnar NordstrÃ m -LRB- 12 March 1881 , Helsinki -- 24 December 1923 , Helsinki -RRB- was a Finnish theoretical physicist best remembered for his theory of gravitation , which was an early competitor of general relativity .
According to the plan , the International Space Station program would combine the proposed space stations of all participant agencies : NASA 's Freedom , the RSA 's Mir-2 -LRB- with DOS-8 later becoming Zvezda -RRB- , ESA 's Columbus , and the Japanese Kib laboratory .
He then changes his grade and does the same for his friend and classmate Jennifer Mack -LRB- Ally Sheedy -RRB- .
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
From there , he requested a transfer to the submarine forces , which became effective in October 1916 .
The Carolina Panthers played their first game at the stadium on September 14 , 1996 .
December 7 & ndash ; Gilbert de Clare , 6th Earl of Hertford , English politician -LRB- b. 1243 -RRB-
The Rangers were the first NHL franchise in the United States to win the Stanley Cup , which they have done four times -LRB- most recently in 1994 -RRB- .
The term is particularly related to the protection and realization of existing rights , such as the right to privacy or freedom of expression -LRB- see freedom of information -RRB- , in the context of new digital technologies , especially the Internet .
Judith
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 9.9 square miles -LRB- 25.6 km ² -RRB- , of which , 9.8 square miles -LRB- 25.4 km ² -RRB- of it is land and 0.1 square miles -LRB- 0.2 km ² -RRB- of it -LRB- 0.71 % -RRB- is water .
For example , the creation of argon fluorohydride -LRB- HArF -RRB- , a marginally stable compound of argon with fluorine and hydrogen , was reported by researchers at the University of Helsinki in 2000 . Although the neutral ground-state chemical compounds of argon are presently limited to HArF , argon can form clathrates with water when atoms of it are trapped in a lattice of the water molecules .
Over a period of three and a half months , Sir David managed to halt the decline and circulation increased to 840,000 .
-RRB-
The House of Commons was established in 1867 , when the Constitution Act , 1867 created the Dominion of Canada , and was modelled on the British House of Commons .
Pitar 's close friends are Carpediem , who enunciates Latin phrases and quotes the writers of Classical Antiquity , and Lao , who frequently refers to Chinese philosophy .
The temple of Castor and Pollux -LRB- -RRB- is an ancient edifice in the Roman Forum , Rome , central Italy .
It claims that many people are leaving lemons in the department store , just like the main character in Motojiro Kajii 's short story titled LEMON .
St. Matthews is the 20th largest city in Kentucky , United States and is a prominent suburb of Louisville .
Temse is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
Major towns See List of places in Surrey The largest town in Surrey is Guildford with 66,773 ; Woking is a close second with a population of 62,796 .
Leftover Salmon is a jam band from Boulder , Colorado , formed in 1989 .
Streicher joined the German Army in 1914 .
Charles Augustus joined Prussia in the War of the Third Coalition against France and after the loss to France in the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , he was forced to join the Confederation of the Rhine in 1806 .
He studied at the Paris Conservatoire , gaining first prizes for solfège , piano , organ , counterpoint and fugue .
This county has a total area of 4,766 kmÂ .
Alessio Tacchinardi -LRB- born July 23 , 1975 in Crema , Lombardy -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer who played as defensive midfielder and spent the vast majority of his career playing for Juventus FC , winning 17 official trophies with the club .
Ken Follett -LRB- born June 5 , 1949 -RRB- is a British author of thrillers and historical novels .
The associated royal palace will be the birth place of King Charles I.
Grand Duchess Tatiana 's siblings were Grand Duchesses Olga , Maria , Anastasia , and the hemophiliac Tsarevich Alexei of Russia .
He has received international attention from playing Merry in Peter Jackson 's adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Lord of the Rings and for his role as Charlie Pace on the television show Lost .
In Sweden , people named Lars are commonly nicknamed Lasse .
It is the capital of Upper Franconia and has a population of 73,048 citizens -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
It is the principal source of information about the absolute age of rocks and other geological features , including the age of the Earth itself , and can be used to date a wide range of natural and man-made materials .
The Province of Ferrara is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
2020 -LRB- MMXX -RRB- will be a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar .
Later , in 1979 , he participated in Luna Park by Enzo Trapani , and Fantastico .
The freeway then runs along a viaduct through HÄ lawa Valley for about 6 m until it reaches the Tetsuo Harano Tunnels through the Ko ` olau Mountains .
Please refrain from making unconstructive edits to Wikipedia .
In 2006 , Thile formed the How to Grow a Band , with whom he recorded How to Grow a Woman from the Ground , Thile 's fifth album .
Almaviva pays off the musicians who then depart , leaving him to brood alone .
Since the two areas are linked only by one single bridge over the Spree River , the OberbaumbrÃ 1\/4 cke , The two areas not being able to agree on a common location for the future borough 's city hall , the present location in Friedrichshain was decided by tossing a five-Mark coin .
Colorado State University Fact Book 2007-2008 .
The New Musical Express -LRB- better known as the NME -RRB- is a popular music magazine in the United Kingdom that has been published weekly since March 1952 .
James B. Angell , who served as the university 's president from 1871 to 1909 , aggressively expanded UM 's curriculum to include professional studies in dentistry , architecture , engineering , government , and medicine .
Secure Shell or SSH is a network protocol that allows data to be exchanged using a secure channel between two networked devices .
The most famous version is that of Claes Janszoon Visscher , which was published in 1609 on the occasion of the Twelve Years ' Truce .
Patrick Allen McLoughlin -LRB- born 30 November 1957 , in Stafford -RRB- is a British Conservative Party politician .
Until the mid-19th century , it was predominantly an agricultural community -- its name , as well as that of the Matterhorn itself , derives from the alpine meadows , or matten , in the valley .
In physics , dissipation embodies the concept of a dynamical system where important mechanical modes , such as waves or oscillations , lose energy over time , typically due to the action of friction or turbulence .
The word '' longevity '' is sometimes used as a synonym for '' life expectancy '' in demography or to connote '' long life '' , especially when it concerns someone or something lasting longer than expected -LRB- an ancient tree , for example -RRB- .
Recycling is a key component of modern waste reduction and is the third component of the '' Reduce , Reuse , Recycle '' waste hierarchy .
Her primary stock in trade consisted of invertebrate fossils such as ammonite and belemnite shells , which were common in the area and sold for a few shillings .
In the atmospheric electrical discharge , a leader of a bolt of lightning can travel at speeds of , and can reach temperatures approaching , hot enough to fuse silica sand into glass channels known as fulgurites which are normally hollow and can extend some distance into the ground .
He made his Metropolitan Opera -LRB- Met -RRB- debut on December 17 , 2004 conducting KÃ Å a KabanovÃ , with Karita Mattila in the title role .
Caldwell County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
51 Pegasi is a yellow dwarf star estimated to be 6.1 â '' 8.1 billion years old , somewhat older than the Sun , 4 â '' 6 % more massive , with more metal content and running low in hydrogen .
Burke County is part of the Hickory & ndash ; Lenoir & ndash ; Morganton Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Billericay is within the London Basin and lies on a mixture of London Clay , Claygate Beds and Bagshot Beds .
In 2001 , the town had a population of 138,959 .
NeumÃ 1\/4 nster is one of four independent towns in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
1934 & ndash ; Jonas Savimbi , Angolan political leader -LRB- d. 2002 -RRB-
Inevitably , there was a great deal of speculation about the status of stadium construction in the run-up to the 2010 FIFA World Cup , with the requirement that all the FIFA World Cup host stadiums must be completed by January 2010 .
Mines can be laid in many ways : by purpose-built minelayers , refitted ships , submarines , or aircraft -- and even by dropping them into a harbor by hand .
El Gato Negro -LRB- The Black Cat -RRB- is the name of two fictional American comic book superheroes created by Richard Dominguez and featured in the Azteca Productions ' Universe .
The worst of the effects of Isabel occurred in Virginia , especially in the Hampton Roads area and along the shores of the James River as far north as Richmond and Washington , DC .
This copy came to Salisbury because Elias of Dereham , who was present at Runnymede in 1215 , was given the task of distributing some of the original copies .
Sea snakes , or seasnakes , are venomous elapid snakes that inhabit marine environments for most or all of their lives .
It is a popular tourist destination , as its high peaks make skiing possible in one of Europe 's most southerly ski resorts , in an area along the Mediterranean Sea predominantly known for its warm temperatures and abundant sunshine .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 family comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures . It is directed by Raja Gosnell and released on October 3 , 2008 .
A machine fills cups with margarine , and is supposed to be adjusted so that the content of the cups is 250 g of margarine .
A paddle controller and an updated self-centering version of the original controller were also in development , but never made it to market .
It is an established posture of the Hindu Yoga tradition .
Malam Jabba is home to the largest ski resort in Pakistan .
Plasmids can be considered part of the mobilome because they are often associated with conjugation , a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer .
The song , performed in Serbian , was the Serbian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 and finished 13th with 72 points .
It is the center for Wiltshire Council , a unitary authority created in April 2009 which replaced -LRB- for relevant purposes -RRB- West Wiltshire District Council and the former Wiltshire County Council .
Kevin Daniel Kilbane -LRB- ; born 1 February 1977 in Preston , Lancashire -RRB- is an English-born Irish footballer who plays as a left-sided midfielder for Huddersfield Town of the Football League One , on loan from Hull City .
After the flight , Lindbergh became an important voice on behalf of aviation activities , including the central committee of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics in the United States .
An intermission or interval ' is a break between parts of performances or sessions , in events such as a theatrical play , opera or musical concert .
While China ultimately did not sign the Simla Convention , a similar treaty , the tripartite Treaty of Kyakhta , was signed by Mongolia , the Republic of China and Russia on 25 May 1915 .
Saint-Louet-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
This was the debut of vocalist Bruce Dickinson in Iron Maiden .
In Galveston , the western beach had its public beach boundary shifted back about .
Cossé-le-Vivien is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
They play their games at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise and are currently the southernmost team in the NHL .
In January 2009 , the group 's website announced the release of their fourth single , a cover of the Depeche Mode song '' Just Ca n't Get Enough '' as one of the official Comic Relief 2009 singles .
Two fossils were found in the Lujiatun bed of the lower Yixian Formation in China , about 125 million years ago -LRB- Ma -RRB- during the Aptian age .
The blood is pumped by three separate hearts , two of which are used for pumping blood to the cuttlefish 's pair of gills -LRB- one heart for each gill -RRB- , and the third for pumping blood around the rest of the body .
Frescos A late-Gothic representation of Saint Michael is , after the Saint Christopher in Wissembourg , the largest of its kind in France .
Paul Blomfield -LRB- L -RRB-
Immediately after their senate confirmation , the emperors proceeded to the Castra Praetoria , the camp of the praetorian guard .
He is the captain of the Romanian national team and currently plays for Internazionale of the Italian Serie A/O. He usually plays as a left back but can play as a center back as well as in defensive midfield when needed .
Vaux-sur-S Ã '' re -LRB- Walloon : Li VÃ - so-Seure -RRB- is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Currently , EA 's most successful products are sports games published under its EA Sports label , games based on popular movie licenses such as Harry Potter and games from long-running franchises like Need for Speed , Medal of Honor , The Sims , Battlefield and the later games in the Burnout and Command & Conquer series .
WrestleMania XXVI was the twenty-sixth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on March 28 , 2010 at the University of Phoenix Stadium in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale , Arizona .
There are three levels of NUTS defined , with two levels of local administrative units -LRB- LAUs -RRB- below .
Alaska Bible College , Glennallen
This view argues that the establishment of a contractual basis of rights would lead to the market mechanism and capitalism , the scientific method , religious tolerance , and the organization of states into self-governing republics through democratic means .
Central America -LRB- -RRB- is the central geographic region of the Americas .
Richard David James -LRB- born 18 August 1971 -RRB- , aka Aphex Twin , is an electronic musician .
List of professional teams
In June 1938 , Freud left Vienna aboard the Orient Express train and settled in London .
1 × Second-team All-Pro -LRB-/O1963/O-RRB-
King Magnus I of Sweden founds a Swedish nobility by enacting a law accepting a contribution of a cavalry-member in lieu of ordinary tax payments .
John Wesley was born in 1703 in Epworth , 23 miles -LRB- 37 km -RRB- northwest of Lincoln , England , the fifteenth child of Samuel Wesley and his wife Susanna Annesley .
The common name periwinkle is shared with the related genus Catharanthus -LRB- and also with the common seashore mollusc , Littorina littorea -RRB- .
They appeared in a total 7 episodes of the show .
Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
The Bay of Plenty is a large indentation in the northern coast of New Zealand 's North Island .
-- -RRB-
She resumed her westward journey on 26 December , rounded the Cape of Good Hope on 13 March 1771 , and reached the English port of Dover on 12 July , having been at sea for nearly three years .
The river rises in the central highland of New South Wales , part of the Great Dividing Range , 13 km east of Gunning .
At the end of the war , he moved to Paris , working almost exclusively in charcoal and lithography .
Administrators may fully protect the user talk page of a blocked user if the page is being used for continued inappropriate editing by sock puppet accounts of the blocked user .
Stanley Smith Stevens -LRB- 4 November 1906 -- 18 January 1973 -RRB- was an American psychologist who founded Harvard 's Psycho-Acoustic Laboratory and is credited with the introduction of Stevens ' power law .
In science , thermodynamics -LRB- from the Greek therme , meaning '' heat '' Oxford American Dictionary and , dynamis , meaning force -RRB- is the study of energy conversion between heat and mechanical work , and subsequently the macroscopic variables such as temperature , volume and pressure .
Mission -LRB- Christian -RRB- , Christian missionary movement
Archer travelled to Melbourne by steamboat yet again the next year -LRB- 1863 -RRB- .
Sassy is a commune in the -LSB- -LSB- disparagement in France | compartment -RSB- -RSB- of Calvinism in the Basse-Normandie region in France .
In 1921 , he was the honorary president of the Second International Congress of Eugenics held under the auspices of the American Museum of Natural History in New York .
The Eastern Long-beaked Echidna -LRB- Zaglossus bartoni -RRB- , also known as Barton 's Long-beaked Echidna , is one of three species from the genus Zaglossus to occur in New Guinea .
Languages The official language of Zambia is English , which is used to conduct official business and is the medium of instruction in schools .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 -LRB- M -RRB- which continues to Glasgow .
McCullough , Helen Craig -LRB-/O1959/O-RRB- : pp .
Since then Davenport has played roles in many successful films and TV series , including The Talented Mr. Ripley , Coupling , and Ultraviolet , as well as the box office smash ' , and its sequels , ' and ' .
Readers may suggest additions or corrections which are later vetted by an NNDB staff member .
Ron Hornbaker conceived the idea for what is now known as BookCrossing in March 2001 .
Today , silicon is purified by converting it to a silicon compound that can be more easily purified by distillation than in its original state , and then converting that silicon compound back into pure silicon . Trichlorosilane is the silicon compound most commonly used as the intermediate , although silicon tetrachloride and silane are also used .
Worth , by now a junior partner in the firm , urged his partners to expand into dressmaking , but they hesitated to risk their reputation in a business as low-class as dressmaking .
The industrial revolution bypassed the town as it had little to offer in the way of natural resources , and thus has grown into more a commuter settlement , however it retains its function as a service center for the surrounding area of Avondale .
Blaqk Audio is an electronic music band formed by current AFI members Davey Havok and Jade Puget under Interscope Records .
Feynman slash notation , of quantum field theory
Basic concept In-order processors In earlier processors , the processing of instructions is normally done in these steps : Instruction fetch .
Thalassa was named after a daughter of Aether and Hemera from Greek mythology .
Cherie Blair QC -LRB- born 23 September 1954 -RRB- , known professionally as Cherie Booth QC , is a British barrister working in the legal system of England and Wales .
Les Mujouls is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Livingstone introduced and has been a strong proponent of the Oyster card smartcard ticketing system for London 's public transport network introduced in 2003 .
It has an area of 4,504 km , and a total population of 211,086 -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB- .
While historians concur that the result itself was not manipulated , the voting process was neither free nor secret .
Christian Felix Klein -LRB- 25 April 1849 â '' 22 June 1925 -RRB- was a German mathematician , known for his work in group theory , function theory , non-Euclidean geometry , and on the connections between geometry and group theory .
Edward Seymour , 1st Duke of Somerset , 1st Earl of Hertford , 1st Viscount Beauchamp of Hache , KG , Earl Marshal -LRB- c. 1506 -- 22 January 1552 -RRB- was Lord Protector of England in the period between the death of Henry VIII in 1547 and his own indictment in 1549 .
Figaro finally lets on that he has recognized Susanna 's voice , and they make peace , resolving to conclude the comedy together .
Gonneville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Ferrari successfully defended their Constructors ' title .
In later works , beginning with Queen of Angels and continuing with its sequel , Slant , Bear gives a detailed description of a near-future nanotechnological society .
It was released on July 20 , 2010 by Wind-up Records and debuted at # 103 on the Billboard 200 .
Established in 1963 , the reserve covers an area of about 200,000 hectares in the Qionglai Mountains region .
The hill is traditionally a place for weekend trips .
Cláudio André Mergen Taffarel -LRB- born 8 May 1966 in Santa Rosa , Rio Grande do Sul -RRB- is a Brazilian former football goalkeeper .
The Lady Louise Mountbatten-WindsorB -LRB- b 2003 -RRB- daughter of The Earl of Wessex
The Choir has commissioned many works from distinguished composers , many of whom are better known for their contribution to Anglican music , such as Benjamin Britten and Ralph Vaughan Williams .
The gazebo was relocated by the garden club to a prominent outcropping closer to the highway to serve as a landmark gateway into the community .
Numerous words were borrowed from existing languages , but less and less obviously as Tolkien progressed , so that attempts to match a source to a particular Elvish word or name in works published during his lifetime are often very dubious .
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to him in 1919 for his discoveries relating to immunity .
Throughout her career , many of her songs have hit number one on the record charts , including '' Like a Virgin '' , '' Papa Do n't Preach '' , '' Like a Prayer '' , '' Vogue '' , '' Frozen '' , '' Music '' , '' Hung Up '' , and '' 4 Minutes '' .
June -- The 17th edition of the Mediterranean Games will begin in Volos and Larisa , Greece .
Von Krosigk was also Foreign Minister in the provisional government , an office which had next to no purpose given the state of Germany and its administration at the time .
Prior to the discovery and naming of actinium , the abbreviation Ac -LRB- or AC -RRB- was sometimes used in chemical formulas to indicate the acetate ion .
Early years Chelsea Clinton was born in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Born in Ã -- rebro as the daughter of a doctor in natural medicine , she had an early wish to follow in her father 's profession .
In cold weather , long underwear sometimes is worn to provide additional warmth .
A Fibula -LRB- Latin '' to fasten '' Yarwood -LRB-/O1986:180/O-RRB- . -RRB-
After fluctuating in intensity , interaction with land weakened Pauline to a Category 2 by the time it made landfall on October 9 .
A more frequently cited example is Euripides ' '' Medea '' in which the '' deus ex machina '' is used to convey Medea , who has just committed murder and infanticide , away from her husband Jason to the safety and civilization of Athens .
Aivazovsky was born in the town of Feodosiya -LRB- Theodosia -RRB- , Crimea -LRB- Russian Empire -RRB- -LRB- modern-day Ukraine -RRB- to a poor Armenian family .
November 7 & ndash ; Lucerne joins the Swiss Confederation with Uri , Schwyz , and Unterwalden .
In 1999 , Aguilera came to prominence following her debut album Christina Aguilera , which was a commercial success spawning three number one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 -- '' Genie in a Bottle , '' '' What a Girl Wants , '' and '' Come On Over Baby -LRB- All I Want Is You -RRB- .
2 & times ; UPI NFC Player of the Year -LRB- 1992 , 1994 -RRB-
The fourth named storm of the season , Dog developed on August 30 to the east of Antigua ; after passing through the northern Lesser Antilles , it turned to the north and intensified into a Category 5 hurricane .
The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to none for their fifth straight Stanley Cup , a feet unmatched to this day .
Mørk plays a rare Domenico Montagnana -LRB- Venice , 1723 -RRB- cello , the scroll of which was made by Stradivarius .
Independence Day -RRB- on 5 Iyar of every year according to the Hebrew calendar .
Chase lives with her mother Cathy Chase and was raised in Albany , Oregon , before moving to Los Angeles , California to pursue her career -LRB- although she still spends much of her time in Albany -RRB- .
He currently plays for Sport .
Discovery of LSD Hofmann joined the pharmaceutical-chemical department of Sandoz Laboratories -LRB- now Novartis -RRB- , located in Basel as a co-worker with professor Arthur Stoll , founder and director of the pharmaceutical department -LSB- -RSB- .
Naresuan University is a government sponsored university in Phitsanulok , northern Thailand .
There are large lakes found here and the biggest Swiss cities are in this area of the country .
George Catlett Marshall -LRB- December 31 , 1880 â '' October 16 , 1959 -RRB- was an American military leader , Chief of Staff of the Army , Secretary of State , and the third Secretary of Defense .
They are usually made of cardboard , colorfully decorated to match the birthday party theme -LRB- superhero , princess , or any other creative design -RRB- and filled with candy , chocolates , small toys and confetti .
Coca-Cola is a carbonated soft drink sold in the stores , restaurants , and vending machines of more than 200 countries .
In the 2005 general election , Mundell was elected as MP for the Dumfriesshire , Clydesdale and Tweeddale constituencyBBC News .
Among 4 Talukas of District Larkana , this taluka is located in south of Larkana city .
Argenteuil -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Lake Garda -LRB- Italian : Lago di Garda or Benaco -RRB- is the largest lake in Italy .
NC 12 is a North Carolina state highway that traverses the northeastern shoreline of North Carolina , linking the islands of the Outer Banks .
Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral of the diocese of Oxford , which includes the City of Oxford , England , and the surrounding countryside as far north as Banbury .
3114 BC & ndash ; The Mesoamerican Long Count calendar , used by several pre-Columbian Mesoamerican civilizations , notably the Mayans , begins .
Generally , fried foods which are coated with breadcrumbs are considered to be furai , Japanese-invented Western-style deep fried foods , such as tonkatsu or ebi furai -LRB- fried prawn -RRB- .
Margaret of Blois -LRB- died 1230 -RRB- -LRB- French : Marguerite -RRB- , was countess of Blois from 1218 to 1230 .
It also introduced the concept of the natural rate of unemployment and argued that labor market equilibrium is independent of the rate of inflation , thus there is no long run tradeoff between unemployment and inflation .
It is during the summer of 1772 , a few months after his wife had given birth to a stillborn daughter , that began Philippe 's secret liaison with one of her ladies-in-waiting , StÃ phanie FÃ licitÃ Ducrest de St-Albin , comtesse de Genlis , the niece of Madame de Montesson , the morganatic wife of Philippe 's father .
According to the 2007 census , it has a population of 205,258 inhabitants -LRB- 144,282 people in 29,886 households in census 2000 -RRB- Geography Land Area Sta .
The Neolithic Revolution is the first agricultural revolution -- the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture and settlement .
Geography It is located on Lake Constance where it narrows to form the Untersee , bordering with Konstanz in Germany .
Many new ideas generated during the planning process were not described in the original documents .
The Unicode character '' -LRB- U +266 D -RRB- is the flat sign .
However , as this was essentially just a 65XE computer with a detachable keyboard , it was able to run most of the home computer titles directly .
Letters to Roger Blin -LRB- Lettres à Roger Blin , 1966 -RRB-
George II -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- died in 1585 -RRB- , of the Bagrationi Dynasty , was a king of Imereti from 1565 to 1585 .
The native forest is filled with paths for strolling .
Xevious has been ported to multiple other formats , including the Atari 7800 , Atari 8-bit , NEC PC Engine , and Nintendo Entertainment System game consoles , as well as the MSX , ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC , Apple II and Atari ST home computers .
NÅ '' ux-l Ã s-Auxi is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Aluminium poles are considerably cheaper and stronger , so may be preferred by punt stations offering punts for hire to inexperienced punters ; however , it is normally possible to choose either type .
Ethelbert Woodbridge Nevin -LRB- November 25 , 1862 - February 17 , 1901 -RRB- was an American pianist and composer .
The term is particularly related to the protection and realization of existing rights , such as the right to privacy or freedom of expression -LRB- see freedom of information -RRB- , in the context of new digital technologies , especially the Internet .
This is the same idea as used today when summing vectors .
The Cathedral of Our Lady of Chartres , -LRB- -RRB- , a Latin Rite Catholic cathedral located in Chartres , about southwest of Paris , is considered one of the finest examples in all France of the Gothic style of architecture .
An optical fiber is a thin , flexible , transparent fiber that acts as a waveguide , or '' light pipe '' , to transmit light between the two ends of the fiber .
Kingston upon Hull -LRB- almost invariably abbreviated to Hull -RRB- , a city in the north of England named after the River Hull -LRB- King 's town upon Hull , prior to 1299 Wyke upon Hull -RRB-
Phobos and Deimos are both clearly visible in the photograph .
In the end , 40 % of the Kingdom , including the historically significant Wittenberg , home of the Protestant Reformation , was annexed by Prussia , but Frederick Augustus was restored to the throne in the remainder of his kingdom , which still included the major cities of Dresden and Leipzig .
Masahiro Hamazaki -LRB- born March 14 , 1940 in Osaka -RRB- is a Japanese former football player .
Although their last common ancestor did not have wings , birds and bats do , and are capable of powered flight .
Microsoft occasionally releases service packs for its Windows operating systems to fix bugs and add new features .
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw -LRB- French Leeuw-Saint-Pierre -RRB- is a Dutch-speaking municipality of Belgium located in the province of Flemish Brabant -LRB- Flemish Region -RRB- .
Father Armand David -LRB- 27 September 1826 near Bayonne -- 10 November 1900 in Paris -RRB- was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist .
USB 3.0 connectors are generally backwards compatible , but include new wiring and full duplex operation .
The 2009 census put the population at more than 39 million people . The population of metropolitan Khartoum -LRB- including Khartoum , Omdurman , and Khartoum North -RRB- is growing rapidly and is estimated at about five to seven million , including around two million displaced persons from the southern war zone as well as western and eastern drought-affected areas .
He was also the recipient of the Calder Trophy in 1949 .
Like many Javanese people , he had only one name ; in religious contexts , he was occasionally referred to as '' Achmed Sukarno '' .
Cast Main characters Jaime Wells Sommers -LRB- Michelle Ryan -RRB- is a bartender who is involved in a near fatal car accident and becomes the Bionic Woman .
For accuracy , most sensors are calibrated against known standards . Sensors are used in everyday objects such as touch-sensitive elevator buttons -LRB- tactile sensor -RRB- and lamps which dim or brighten by touching the base .
Podari is a commune in Dolj County , Romania .
The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in the â Primordial Strataâ was noted as early as the mid 19th century , and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection .
Randle Patrick McMurphy , the protagonist of Ken Kesey 's novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest
La LouptiÃ re-Th Ã nard is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Schwerin von Krosigk died in 1977 in the city of Essen , North Rhine-Westphalia , West Germany , aged 89 .
During the 1930 â '' 31 season , City manager Peter Hodge decided that Busby 's talents could be better exploited from the half-back line , with Busby playing the right-half role . In his new position , Busby built up a reputation as an intelligent player and a finer passer of the ball .
The Fairly OddParents ceased production in 2006 , but it was announced on Hartman 's website on February 2 , 2007 that 20 more episodes will be produced .
Reviews and quotes about Plan B 4.0 Klaus Schwab of the World Economic Forum describes it as '' a great book which should wake up humankind . ''
DSC Arminia Bielefeld -LRB- full name : Deutscher Sportclub Arminia Bielefeld e.V. ; also known as '' Die Arminen '' or '' Die Blauen '' is a German sports club from Bielefeld , North Rhine-Westphalia .
During morphogenesis , totipotent stem cells become the various pluripotent cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells .
The Montes Taurus were named by Johannes Hevelius after the Taurus Mountains in southern Turkey .
Friedrich Kellner -LRB- 1885 -- 1970 -RRB- , Chief Regional Auditor in Gießen 1948-1950 , and Chief Justice Inspector of Laubach , where he wrote his secret WWII diary .
It is the state capital of Rio de Janeiro .
He was the 25th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church .
Or another way of putting it : a nanometer is the amount a man 's beard grows in the time it takes him to raise the razor to his face .
Strict avalanche criterion The strict avalanche criterion -LRB- SAC -RRB- is a generalization of the avalanche effect .
He has been credited with the industrialization of the Republic of Korea through export-led growth .
Hemoglobin is the most common respiratory protein found in nature .
In the Soviet Union it was Lenin ; in East Germany , it was Ernst ThÃ lmann .
Her father Peter Yorke , a sea captain and successful merchant , died in 1815 .
Under Koussevitzky , the orchestra gave regular radio broadcasts and established its summer home at Tanglewood , where Koussevitzky founded the Berkshire Music Center , which is now the Tanglewood Music Center .
In the end , Mephistopheles wins the argument and Faust signs the contract with a drop of his own blood .
Viriato Clemente da Cruz , an Angolan poet and politician , was born in 1928 in Kikuvo , Angola and died in Beijing , China on 13 June 1973 .
It was released in North America on February 12 , 2007 , in Europe on February 16 , 2007 , and in Japan on February 27 , 2007 .
The leaves are pinnately compound , or ternate , and usually 20 â '' 100 cm long .
Scholars traditionally divide Slavic languages on the basis of geographical distribution into three main branches , some of which feature subbranches :
IDD is a three-letter acronym that can refer to : Insulin-dependent diabetes International Direct Dialling -LRB- see the List of country calling codes -RRB- Iodine deficiency disorders .
Its cultivation consumes much of the country 's agricultural resources .
The film was released in 1996 .
It is composed of 4 MCs ; Ryo-Z , Ilmari , Pes & Su , and 1 DJ , Fumiya .
Carbonated water , also known as sparkling water , fizzy water , seltzer , and water with gas , -LRB- collectively as an aerated beverage -RRB- , is plain water into which carbon dioxide gas has been dissolved , and is the major and defining component of most soft drinks .
Hall and his gang were famous for stealing 77 kg of gold and # 3,700 from the near-by town of Eugowra in 1862 .
In mathematics , the exponential function is the function e ` x , where e is the number -LRB- approximately 2.718281828 -RRB- such that the function e ` x equals its own derivative .
She performed '' Holly Jolly Christmas '' for the '' Schools Out Christmas '' album , and sang '' Tossin & Turnin '' in the Oliver Beene episode '' Oliver & Others . ''
August 4 & ndash ; Gian Galeazzo Visconti succeeds his father , Galeazzo II Visconti , as ruler of Milan .
The three most common allotropes are metallic gray , yellow and black arsenic .
the Dead Kennedys have seen one of their albums reach gold status over a period of 25 years .
Essonne is a French department in the region of Ã le-de-France .
1665 â '' after 1707 -RRB- was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes , who signed works between 1683 and 1707 .
A dot may be raised at any of the six positions to form sixty-four -LRB- 26 -RRB- permutations , including the arrangement in which no dots are raised .
The large masses are called '' volcanic bombs '' ; they have mostly a rounded , elliptical or pear-shaped form owing to rotation in the air before they solidified .
On the show , professional MMA fighters that have usually yet to make a big name for themselves are situated in a house outside of Las Vegas , Nevada and compete against each other for the title of The Ultimate Fighter , winning a six-figure , multi-fight contract with the UFC .
& Ethics I. 822\/2 , 1908 : '' The rock-paintings are either stenciled or painted in outline . ''
It was released in 1995 for DOS and Apple Macintosh , and in 1996 for the Sony PlayStation .
It is the 6th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators -LRB- some of whom later became directors -RRB- at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
The event triggers many similar nonviolent protests throughout the Southern United States , and 6 months later the original 4 protesters are served lunch at the same counter .
It also provided for an administration board to govern the principality until a permanent form of government could be established .
See also the Transwiki log , and Help : Import on Meta .
The palace is full of examples of Ottoman architecture and also contains large collections of porcelain , robes , weapons , shields , armor , Ottoman miniatures , Islamic calligraphic manuscripts and murals , as well as a display of Ottoman treasure and jewelry .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
Robert Arthur Allison -LRB- born December 3 , 1937 -RRB- is a former NASCAR Winston Cup driver and was named one of NASCAR 's 50 greatest drivers .
Boussu is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The most magnificent iwan of the mosque is the one facing the Qibla measuring high .
While Palpatine re-organizes the Republic into the tyrannical Galactic Empire -- appointing himself Emperor for life -- Vader participates in the extermination of the Jedi Order , culminating in a lightsaber battle between himself and Obi-Wan .
Lauri Honko , Religion , Myth , and Folklore in the World 's Epics : The Kalevala and Its Predecessors , Published by Walter de Gruyter , 1990 , ISBN 3110122537
VDSL or VHDSL -LRB- Very High Bitrate DSL -RRB- KPN - KPN starts VDSL trials is a DSL technology providing faster data transmission over a single flat untwisted or twisted pair of copper wires .
He was leader of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for over half a century .
They are easily torn by the wind , resulting in the familiar frond look .
Occidental spelling according to '' Nations Online '' website .
A Division III topic can be a long written academic paper -LRB- in which case it is best considered as something between a traditional college 's '' bachelor 's '' or '' honors '' thesis and a Master 's or other graduate thesis -RRB- , but it can also be a collection of creative work -LRB- writing , painting , photography , and film are popular choices -RRB- or a hands-on engineering , invention , or social organizing project .
King Olav V of Norway , the first foreigner to be admitted to the Order , was also admitted by special statute in 1962 .
Arcy-Sainte-Restitue is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Dietrich Lohrmann , '' Von der östlichen zur westlichen Windmühle '' , Archiv für Kulturgeschichte , Vol .
Melinda Marie Doolittle -LRB- born October 6 , 1977 -RRB- is an American singer who finished as the third place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
The Swedish Academy was founded in 1786 by King Gustav III .
In May 1670 , with the death of Grand Duke Ferdinando II , Marguerite Louise became Grand Duchess of Tuscany .
An earthquake -LRB- also known as a quake , tremor or temblor -RRB- is the result of a sudden release of energy in the Earth 's crust that creates seismic waves .
Wolong National Nature Reserve -LRB- -RRB- is a protected area located in Wenchuan County , Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China .
'' WP : P '' redirects here .
Gregorian chant originated in monastic life , in which celebrating the ` Divine Office ' eight times a day at the proper hours was upheld according to the Rule of St. Benedict .
About 66 % of all Haitians work in the agricultural sector , which consists mainly of small-scale subsistence farming , but this activity makes up only 30 % of the GDP .
May & ndash ; The bubonic plague breaks out in the Tai Ping Shan area of Hong Kong -LRB- by the end of the year , the death toll is 2,552 people -RRB- .
Leonardo had no surname in the modern sense , â da Vinciâ simply meaning â of Vinciâ : his full birth name was '' Lionardo di ser Piero da Vinci '' , meaning '' Leonardo , -LRB- son -RRB- of -LRB- Mes -RRB- ser Piero from Vinci '' . The inclusion of the title '' ser '' indicated that Leonardo 's father was a gentleman .
The districts , with their capitals in parenthesis , are :
It tracked towards the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula and then on September 21 turned northwards towards south-west Britain and Ireland .
It is called Early Clan Days .
Retrieved on 21 February 2008 .
Horst Hrubesch -LRB- born 17 April 1951 in Hamm -RRB- is a retired German football player employed As of 2010 as a youth trainer at the German Football Association .
Jewelpet -LRB- With Sanrio and Sega 's Permission -RRB-
Shoe moulding may be used between where the lower floor and the first riser meet .
Ursula K. Le Guin has written significant fiction and nonfiction works for a variety of audiences , including children , adults and scholars .
Boy -LRB- s -RRB- or The Boy may also refer to :
During this time , it weakened dramatically and was only a tropical storm when it made landfall in Belize .
Originally drafted by the Atlanta Thrashers second overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft , he won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the top NHL rookie in 2002 .
They feed using a lophophore , a ciliated structure that surrounds the mouth .
The organization works to preserve the bluesâ legacy and to secure copyrights and royalties for blues musicians who were exploited in the past .
The islands are separated by an international border as well as the International Date Line which is approximately 2 k from each island .
The team has not qualified for a major international tournament since 1958 , when it qualified for the 1958 FIFA World Cup .
She also won nine Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and one Grand Slam mixed doubles title .
It defaults to TCP port 10000 for communicating , and can be configured to use SSL if OpenSSL is installed with additional required Perl Modules .
Church of San Frediano , built by 1061 , has a basilica interior with three aisles , with a crucifix from the 12th century .
It is the site of the council Kolding Municipality .
Arovell 's headquarter lies in Gosau in Upper Austria and has subsidiaries in Vienna and Salzburg .
A signing algorithm which , given a message and a private key , produces a signature .
An exoskeleton is an external skeleton that supports and protects an animal 's body , in contrast to the internal endoskeleton of , for example , a human .
The term is also used for officers that hold authority over individual branches or within a theatre of operationsDupuy , Trevor N. , Curt Johnson , and Grace P. Hayes .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum p is placeholder text -LRB- filler text -RRB- commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout .
The skin , deeply ribbed and slightly roughened , can grow to be 3 t thick , making them favorable for storage .
Mesocyclones are normally relatively localized : they lie between the synoptic scale -LRB- hundreds of kilometers -RRB- and small scale -LRB- hundreds of meters -RRB- .
The highest point in the county , at , is Ebrington Hill , again on the border with Gloucestershire , at the county 's southwest extremity .
Roman Jacek Giertych -LRB- ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland -RRB- is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
Kedar Joshi -LRB- born 31 December 1979 , in Mumbai -RRB- is a philosopher and writer .
The first Survivor Series event occurred on November 29 , 1987 , scheduled to conflict with NWA 's Starrcade .
In 1868 his paintings were accepted at the Salon , but the exhibition did not bring him any financial or critical success , and neither did any of the subsequent exhibitions .
According to historian Shelby Foote , after Lincoln 's presentation , the applause was delayed , scattered , and '' barely polite . ''
Ernesto Guevara de la serna was born to Celia de la Serna y Llosa and Ernesto Guevara Lynch on June 14 , 1928 in Rosario , Argentina , the eldest of five children in an Argentine family of Spanish , Basque and Irish descent .
A second version of the album , released on November 4 , 2006 additionally contains the single '' Cupid 's Chokehold '' -LRB- a different recording of the song was featured on their previous album The Papercut Chronicles -RRB- .
Undated The first Diet of Nuremberg is held .
If there are two or more teams tied for first in points in the league , then the Presidents ' Trophy is awarded to the team which has the most wins .
The orchestra appointed its first-ever principal guest conductor , Cristian Mandeal , in 2006 .
The fruit of Capsicum plants have a variety of names depending on place and type .
In 2005 they won the contract to supply the Canadian Forces Land Command with the C14 Timberwolf MRSWS for $ 4.5 million .
He currently plays in Austria for FC Red Bull Salzburg .
The College of Emergency Medicine is the single authoritative body for emergency medicine in the UK .
Bobsleigh Curling Figure skating Ice hockey Military patrol Nordic skiing Cross-country skiing Nordic combined Ski jumping Speed skating Venues La Piste de Bobsleigh des Pellerins Stade Olympique de Chamonix Participating nations Athletes from 16 nations competed in the first Winter Olympic Games .
The Libertines were an English rock band .
Atlantic Canada is the region of Canada comprising the four provinces located on the Atlantic coast , excluding Quebec : the three Maritime provinces â '' New Brunswick , Prince Edward Island , and Nova Scotia â '' and Newfoundland and Labrador .
Eduardo Gory '' Eddie '' Guerrero Llanes -LRB- October 9 , 1967 -- November 13 , 2005 -RRB- was a Mexican-American professional wrestler born into the Guerrero wrestling family .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia -LRB- present-day znik in Turkey -RRB- by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
Pride and Prejudice is a novel by Jane Austen .
Winnipeg -LRB- -RRB- is the capital and largest city of Manitoba , Canada , and is the primary municipality of the Winnipeg Capital Region , with more than sixty percent of Manitoba 's population .
New Oxford Dictionary
Bašqort tele -RRB- is a Turkic language .
In the second featurette , the story of '' Mickey and the Beanstalk '' was narrated by Edgar Bergen in live-action sequences , who , with the help of his ventriloquist 's puppets Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd , told the tale to child actress Luana Patten at her birthday party .
On January 1 , 2006 Sambreville had a total population of 26,949 .
Birch bark also makes an outstanding tinder , as the inner layers will stay dry even through heavy rainstorms .
Its logo is a hollow potato , named Sophia after the Gnostic deity , that serves as a spoof of Wikipedia 's globe logo .
River dolphins are four living species of dolphin which reside in freshwater rivers and estuaries .
There are over 90 different flavors worldwide .
Orchestral arrangements by Johnny Mandel provided the background on When I Look In Your Eyes -LRB-/O1999/O-RRB- ; more Grammy nominations came along , and she was rewarded as Best Jazz Musician of the Year .
The Bene Gesserit are a key social , religious , and political force in Frank Herbert 's science fiction Dune universe .
Capitol Division -LRB- 1967 -- 1969 -RRB-
After a year-and-a-half , the two became engaged to be married , just before he went off to World War II as a Navy torpedo bomber pilot .
It was named so because it can dissolve the so-called royal metals , or noble metals , gold and platinum .
Torcy-en-Valois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
February 13 & ndash ; In Lisbon , a peace treaty is established between Afonso VI of Portugal and Carlos II of Spain , by mediation of Charles II of England , where the legitimacy of the Portuguese monarch is recognized .
The Meteorological Service of the Azores issued hurricane warnings for all of the islands .
Some larvae attach small twigs , fecal pellets or pieces of vegetation to the outside of their cocoon in an attempt to disguise it from predators .
His plane stalled , and he was unable to recover control in time before the plane hit the ground .
Barack Hussein Obama II -LRB- ; born August 4 , 1961 -RRB- is the 44th and current President of the United States , having taken office in 2009 .
Auckland has the largest Polynesian population of any city in the world and a higher proportion of people of Asian origin than the rest of New Zealand .
He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television , along with the rest of his family , in The Tracey Ullman Show short '' Good Night '' on April 19 , 1987 .
Death Angel is a Filipino-American thrash metal band from Concord , California , initially active from 1982 to 1991 and again since 2001 .
Network computing refers to computers working together over a network as opposed to stand alone computers like laptops and home computers . Cloud computing , popularized during 2007 , is an alternate term for network computing .
Under the common law and the Uniform Commercial Code in the United States , merchants are held to a higher standard in the selling of products than those who are not engaged in the sale of goods as a profession .
Roy Atwell as Doc : The leader of the seven dwarves , Doc wears glasses and often mixes up his words .
The first technique , called '' batch pasteurization '' , involves heating large batches of milk to a lower temperature , typically 63 ° C -LRB- 145 ° F -RRB- for 30 minutes , followed by quick cooling to about 4 ° C -LRB- 39 ° F -RRB- .
Assembly of States Parties of the International Criminal Court .
It is also home to the regional offices of the Georgia Tech Economic Development Institute and the Advanced Technology Development Center . The Georgia Tech Savannah campus offers engineering programs in conjunction with Georgia Southern University , South Georgia College , Armstrong Atlantic State University , and Savannah State University .
Addition can slso make something bigger .
The Shadow Cabinet -LRB- also called the Shadow Front Bench -RRB- is a senior group of opposition spokespeople in the Westminster system of government who together under the leadership of the Leader of the Opposition form an alternative cabinet to the government 's , whose members shadow or mark each individual member of the government .
Her independent production company , Ragdoll Productions , was founded in 1984 and specialises in making original programming for children 10 and under .
The largest open space in the city , at around , is Heaton Park .
Cuffies is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Bourgeoisie is a French word that was borrowed directly into English in the specific sense described above .
It joins the Mississippi south of the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul , near the historic Fort Snelling .
Gerard Arthur Way -LRB- born April 9 1977 in Newark , New Jersey -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and comic book writer who has served as lead vocalist and co-founder of the band My Chemical Romance since its formation in 2001 .
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
Use of microorganisms , toxins or animals , living or dead , in a weapon system
He also began offering '' a course of study suited to the ability and needs of students . ''
-LRB- p. 23-24 -RRB- Although Deming does not use the term in his book , it is credited with launching the Total Quality Management movement .
AvdiÄ has 3 caps for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team .
Frost 's father was a teacher and later an editor of the San Francisco Evening Bulletin -LRB- which afterwords merged into the San Francisco Examiner -RRB- , and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector .
Richard Philippe Dutruel -LRB- born December 24 , 1972 in Thonon-les-Bains , Haute-Savoie -RRB- is a retired professional French footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
Bursovaginoidea
It is 640 k south of Tahiti .
Today , Vollach is president of the Maccabi Haifa sport organization as well as being the president and CEO of Newlog , a subsidiary of Israeli shipping company Zim .
Masakuni Yamamoto -LRB- born April 4 , 1958 in Numazu , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese former football player and is currently a commentator of football match program of NHK .
In later times , during the Ptolemaic period , Anubis was merged with the Greek god Hermes , becoming Hermanubis .
Wesley 's writing and preachings provided the seeds for both the modern Methodist movement and the Holiness movement , which encompass numerous denominations across the world .
Minister of Finance During his short tenure as Minister of Finance , Lafontaine was a main bogeyman of UK Eurosceptics , because among other things he had called for the prompt tax harmonisation of the European Union , the result of which would have been an increase in UK taxes .
The Edmonton Tornado , an event also known as Black Friday to Edmontonians , was a powerful and devastating tornado that ripped through the eastern part of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada and parts of neighbouring Strathcona County on the afternoon of Friday , July 31 , 1987 .
He was sentenced to life in prison in July 1973 and paroled in 1984 , despite objections from the Turkish government .
Sistine Chapel -LRB- -RRB- is the best-known chapel in the Apostolic Palace , the official residence of the Pope in Vatican City .
The current bridge opened on 17 March 1973 and is the latest in a succession of bridges to occupy the spot and claim the name .
In art , she was depicted as a woman , with a stylised papyrus plant above her head .
Yonkers borders the New York City borough of The Bronx and is 2 miles -LRB- 3 km -RRB- north of Manhattan at the cities ' two respective closest points .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency -LRB- eta _ -LCB- th -RCB- , -RRB- is a dimensionless performance measure of a device that uses thermal energy , such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , a furnace , or a refrigerator for example .
Ochem4free .
Although he retired from full time teaching in 1988 , Hurwicz taught graduate school as professor emeritus most recently in the fall of 2006 .
Gordan Nikolitch -LRB- ; born 1968 -RRB- is a Serbian violinist .
It remained the residence of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State until 1932 , when the new Governor-General , Domhnall Ua Buachalla , was installed in a specially hired private mansion in the southside of Dublin .
Pienza , a town and comune in the province of Siena , in the Val d'Orcia in Tuscany -LRB- central Italy -RRB- , between the towns of Montepulciano and Montalcino , is the '' touchstone of Renaissance urbanism .
Most hydroxyapatite ceramics are very porous and lack mechanical strength and are used to coat metal orthopedic devices to aid in forming a bond to bone or as bone fillers .
Accessed on 1 Apr 2010 .
2 , 11 , 17 , 29 , 41 , ... respectively , where -LRB- x -RRB- is the prime-counting function , that is , the number of primes less than or equal to x . The converse of this result is the definition of Ramanujan primes , and the numbers 2 , 11 , 17 , 29 , 41 are first few such primes .
Boston Terriers were particularly popular during the 1920s in the US .
Mombrier is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Acton is a suburban town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States about twenty-one miles west-northwest of Boston along Route 2 west of Concord and about ten miles -LRB- 18 km -RRB- southwest of Lowell .
Independents are small software developers that are not owned by or beholden to a single publisher .
He was a teacher at National College of Arts Lahore .
He currently plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima of Japan 's J. League Division 1 .
Phenotypes result from the expression of an organism 's genes as well as the influence of environmental factors and the interactions between the two .
In special relativity -LRB- or , hypothetically far from all gravitational mass -RRB- , clocks that are moving with respect to an inertial system of observation are measured to be running slower .
Alba has also acknowledged that she has suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder during her childhood .
Thus , for example , the British Prime Minister 's website refers to '' countries within a country '' , stating '' The United Kingdom is made up of four countries : England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
The capital city is Slatina .
For example , the ChÃ cents teau de Versailles is so called because it was located in the countryside when it was built , but it does not bear any resemblance to a castle , so it is usually known in English as the Palace of Versailles .
; groupstyle \* : CSS styles to apply to the groupN cells .
Another , however , believes that legalizing and regulating prostitution does not improve the situation , but instead makes it worse , creating a parallel illegal prostitution industry , and failing to dissociate the legal part of the sex trade from crime .
Several of these are on recordings they made .
The defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders fell from first overall and finished tied for 6th overall and the high-powered , high offence , Edmonton Oilers tied for second overall .
James Allan Black -LRB- born June 1 , 1975 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler who competes under the ring name James Storm . He is currently contracted with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , where he currently holds the TNA World Tag Team Championship with Robert Roode , whom he teams with as Beer Money , Inc. .
While it is officially termed '' Rivest Cipher 4 '' , the RC acronym is alternatively understood to stand for '' Ron 's Code '' Rivest FAQ -LRB- see also RC2 , RC5 and RC6 -RRB- .
Tilloy-lès-Hermaville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The eldest of six children , his siblings are actor Joseph Fiennes -LRB- Shakespeare in Love , Luther , FlashForward -RRB- ; Martha Fiennes , a director -LRB- in her film Onegin , he played the title role -RRB- ; Magnus Fiennes , a composer ; Sophie Fiennes , a filmmaker ; and Jacob Fiennes , a conservationist .
This limit was relaxed in the major re-organization of the 15th edition ; many articles were condensed together , resulting in roughly 65,000 articles in 12 volumes .
In humans , signs and symptoms of riboflavin deficiency -LRB- ariboflavinosis -RRB- include cracked and red lips , inflammation of the lining of mouth and tongue , mouth ulcers , cracks at the corners of the mouth -LRB- angular cheilitis -RRB- , and a sore throat .
The show presents the Austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart .
Ransart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Martin Petyov Petrov -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born 15 January 1979 in Vratsa , Vratsa Province -RRB- is a Bulgarian football player currently playing for Manchester City in the Premier League .
Equivalently , a surface is orientable if a two-dimensional figure such as in the space can not be moved around the space and back to where it started so that it looks like its own mirror image .
Alabama 's agricultural outputs include poultry and eggs , cattle , plant nursery items , peanuts , cotton , grains such as corn and sorghum , vegetables , milk , soybeans , and peaches .
m _ -LCB- 1 -RCB- u _ -LCB- 1 -RCB- + m _ -LCB- 2 -RCB- u _ -LCB- 2 -RCB- = m _ -LCB- 1 -RCB- v _ -LCB- 1 -RCB- + m _ -LCB- 2 -RCB- v _ -LCB- 2 -RCB- .
Largest win = Angola 7 - 1 Swaziland -LRB- Luanda , Angola ; 23 April 2000 -RRB-
This aided to their reputation and greatly embarrassed the government of Victoria and the police .
Margate is a seaside town within the Thanet district of East Kent , England .
The dynasty Ardeshir founded would rule for four centuries until overthrown by the Rashidun Caliphate in 651 .
Noritada Saneyoshi -LRB- born 19 October , 1972 in Minamiuwa District , Ehime -RRB- is a Japanese former professional football player who spent his entire senior career at Gamba Osaka .
She became SNLs first female head writer , a milestone she downplays .
Toplessness is the state in which a female does not wear any clothing above her waist .
Music has long played an integral role in Rastafari , and the connection between the movement and various kinds of music has become well known , due to the international fame of reggae musicians such as Bob Marley and Peter Tosh .
In the episode , Mr. Burns falls ill and desperately needs a blood transfusion .
In November 2005 , Black Sabbath were inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame , and in March 2006 , after eleven years of eligibility , the band were inducted into the US Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
It has 60 floors , with 5 basement floors , and is 248 meters -LRB- 813 ft -RRB- tall , making it the 11th tallest building in New York City , the 40th tallest in the United States , and the 137th tallest building in the world .
She is a former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2007 until 2011 .
The highest point in the region is Kinder Scout , in the Derbyshire Peak District at 2,088 ft -LRB- 636 m -RRB- .
Cook holds degrees from Calvin College , Simon Fraser University and the University of Iowa .
Nott became music director of the Ensemble InterContemporain -LRB- EIC -RRB- in 2000 .
18 June & ndash ; Pope Nicholas V issues the bull Dum Diversas , legitimising the colonial slave trade .
In the seventeenth century in some European countries , it was common for death masks to be used as part of the effigy of the deceased , displayed at state funerals .
Glenview Manor is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Formed in 1990 , the group 's line-up includes drummer Danny Carey , guitarist Adam Jones , and vocalist Maynard James Keenan .
Catholic University of the Holy Conception is a university in Chile .
Control of London is given to Earl Aethelred who marries Alfred 's sister Ethelfleda .
Mickey then shoots Derek in the chest , and Derek dies seconds later .
Laredo -LRB- pronounced , ; -RRB- is the county seat of Webb County , Texas , United States , located on the north bank of the Rio Grande in South Texas , across from Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Recyclable materials include many kinds of glass , paper , metal , plastic , textiles , and electronics .
This limits the applications of tidal energy ; tidal power is highly predictable but not able to follow changing electrical demand .
The 1.6 Gbit/s and 3.2 Gbit/s devices use the same 9-circuit beta connectors as the existing FireWire 800 and will be fully compatible with existing S400 and S800 devices .
September 30 & ndash ; The United States takes control of Midway Island .
Pforzheim is a town of nearly 119,000 inhabitants in the state of Baden-Württemberg , southwest Germany at the gate to the Black Forest .
It was captured by ECOWAS troops seeking to restore President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah in 1998 , and later it was unsuccessfully attacked by rebels of the Revolutionary United Front .
Page explains Abi is pronounced just like '' Abby '' It runs on Linux , Microsoft Windows , ReactOS , Solaris , AmigaOS 4.0 -LRB- through its Cygnix X11 engine -RRB- , and other operating systems .
Vinca is a genus of six species in the family Apocynaceae , native to Europe , northwest Africa and southwest Asia . The name is , deriving from Latin vincire : '' to bind , fetter '' .
They won their first Stanley Cup during the 2005 â '' 06 season , beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to three .
Ertl was born in Stuttgart , Germany where he would later study physics from 1955 to 1957 at the Technical University of Stuttgart and then at the University of Paris -LRB- 1957 -- 1958 -RRB- and Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich -LRB- 1958 -- 1959 -RRB- .
The English word guitar , the German , and the French were adopted from the Spanish , which comes from the Andalusian Arabic , itself derived from the Latin , which in turn came from the Ancient Greek , Kithara appears in the Bible four times -LRB- 1 Cor .
Some ten years later she established a theater company there , initially performing ` cut-down ' versions of Shakespeare 's plays .
Jeff Jarrett -LRB- with Debra -RRB- defeated Edge to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship -LRB- 13:22 -RRB- Jarrett pinned Edge after a Stroke .
VistaPE uses technology from and largely resembles Windows Preinstallation Environment 2.0 -LRB- from Microsoft -RRB- , but has a graphical shell , expanded set of supported devices and functions , and can run almost any Windows program .
Colby and Jeff were tied 5-5 at Tribal Council and in a Tribal Council countback Colby had no previous votes , but Jeff had two ; therefore , Jeff was eliminated
Goldman 's Diminutive Woodrat , Nelsonia goldmani
The storm moved north and reached tropical storm strength , and made landfall near Cape Lookout , North Carolina on June 20 .
In histology , it is used to bleach melanin which obscures tissue detail .
Other Japanese taiko include the '' uchiwa-daiko '' -LRB- å # æ å é 1\/4 '' ã fan taiko -RRB- , '' hira-daiko '' -LRB- å å é 1\/4 '' , flat taiko -RRB- , '' minariisa daiko '' -LRB- fun time drum -RRB- , '' konisawa-daiko '' -LRB- tight\/hard\/tense drum -RRB- and a host of percussion instruments used in Japan 's traditional noh , gagaku , and kabuki ensembles .
FC Nuremberg II -LRB- or 1 .
Baku , Soviet Union
Specific influences varied : Blur and Oasis drew from The Kinks and The Beatles , respectively , while Elastica had a fondness for arty punk rock .
Herbert George Wells -LRB- 21 September 1866 -- 13 August 1946 -RRB- , usually known as H. G. Wells , was an English author , best known for his work in the science fiction genre .
Sycamore is located at .
More simply , syncopation is a general term for a disturbance or interruption of the regular flow of rhythm ; a placement of rhythmic stresses or accents where they would n't normally occur .
Rubiaceae is a family of flowering plants , variously called the madder family , bedstraw family or coffee family .
Fraga 's career as one of the key political figures in Spain straddles both General Francisco Franco 's dictatorial regime and the subsequent transition to democracy .
Follies began as decorative accents on the great estates of the late 16th century and early 17th century but they flourished especially in the two centuries which followed .
Argon has atomic number 18 and is the third element in group 18 of the periodic table -LRB- noble gases -RRB- .
A bruise , also called a contusion or sometimes referred to by doctors as ecchymosis , is an injury to biological tissue in which the capillaries are damaged , allowing blood to seep into the surrounding tissue .
Dance is performed for various purposes like ceremonial dance , erotic dance , performance dance , social dance etc./O.
He disliked the discipline of the conservatory course of study , but he achieved very good grades in most areas .
One of the most recent compositions referencing a Requiem is the piece Lux Aeterna -LRB- commonly known under the name Requiem for a Dream -RRB- , written by Clint Mansell .
Shortly after the Battle of Gettysburg , with the support of Pennsylvania Governor Andrew Curtin , the site was purchased and Union dead were moved from shallow and inadequate burial sites on the battlefield to the cemetery .
ChÃ cents teau-Gontier is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
More recently , the Penguin Dictionary of Psychology defines hate as a '' deep , enduring , intense emotion expressing animosity , anger , and hostility towards a person , group , or object . ''
It is the outermost member of the Ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit Jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 .
It has seen the premières of several works by Britten -LRB- A Midsummer Night 's Dream in 1960 ; Death in Venice in 1973 -RRB- and also Harrison Birtwistle 's Punch and Judy in 1968 .
The 25-km long Bukit Timah Road , the longest road in Singapore , running north and south , takes its name from this hill .
Absorbance detection has been available in microplate readers for more than 3 decades , and is used for assays such as ELISA assays , protein and nucleic acid quantification or enzyme activity assays -LRB- i.e. in the MTT assay for cell viability -RRB- .
Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- 30 August 1962 -- 23 November 2006 -RRB- was an officer who served in the Soviet KGB and its Russian successor , the Federal Security Service -LRB- FSB -RRB- .
With its racecourse , harbor , international film festival , marinas , conference center , villas , Grand Casino and sumptuous hotels , Deauville is regarded as the '' queen of the Norman beaches '' and one of the most prestigious seaside resorts in all of France .
Bogdan Ionu Lobon -LRB- born 18 January 1978 in Hunedoara -RRB- is a Romanian goalkeeper playing for A.S. Roma and the Romanian national team .
'' HAL said , â Good morning , Dave , â '' recalled Frank .
Monchy-le-Preux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Harry Lillis '' Bing '' Crosby -LRB- May 2 , 1903 -- October 14 , 1977 -RRB- was an American popular singer and actor whose career lasted from 1926 until his death .
Jens Nowotny -LRB- born January 11 , 1974 in Malsch -RRB- is a retired German footballer , who played as a central defender .
When populations within a species become isolated by geography , feeding strategy , mate selection , or other means , they may start to differ from other populations through genetic drift and natural selection , and over time may evolve into new species .
South Africa
Pantomime -LRB- informally , panto -RRB- , not to be confused with a mime artist , referring to a theatrical performer of mime , is a musical-comedy theatrical production traditionally found in the United Kingdom , Australia , Canada , Jamaica , South Africa , Japan , India , Ireland , Gibraltar and Malta , and is mostly performed during the Christmas and New Year season .
On 20 April 2007 , shortly before the presidential election , a militant attack that was described by police as an assassination attempt against Jonathan occurred in Bayelsa State .
The study also indicated that increased ejaculation through masturbation rather than intercourse would be more helpful as intercourse is associated with diseases -LRB- STDs -RRB- that may increase the risk of cancer instead .
Tomohiro Kat drives a two-ton truck into a crowd before leaving the truck and attacking people with a knife .
Berkeley physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer was the scientific director of the Manhattan Project that developed the first atomic bomb in the world , which he personally headquartered at Los Alamos , New Mexico , during World War II . Since that time , the university has co-managed the Los Alamos National Laboratory , as well as the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory for the U.S. Department of Energy .
As Union forces advanced south , the infrastructure near the town of Marion -- located in Southwest Virginia on the Middle Fork of the Holsten River , between Saltville and Wytheville -- became a major objective of Union forces .
Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the external environment , as this compound has high solubility and there is ample water available for dilution .
Diffie-Hellman key exchange In 1976 , Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman published a cryptographic protocol , -LRB- Diffie-Hellman key exchange -RRB- , which allows users to establish ` secure channels ' on which to exchange keys , even if an Opponent is monitoring that communication channel .
Almost three quarters of the route lies east of I-75 , thereby putting it out of its proper place in the Interstate grid .
Flórez was married to German-born Australian '' King of the high Ds '' by Richard Morrison , The Australian -LRB- 15 August 2009 -RRB- Julia Trappe in a private civil ceremony on April 23 , 2007 in Vienna .
John D. Trimmer , 1950 , Response of Physical Systems -LRB- New York : Wiley -RRB- , p. 13 The term can also be used in engineering contexts , however , as it is typically used in the physical sciences .
In human anatomy , the trapezius is a large superficial muscle that extends longitudinally from the occipital bone to the lower thoracic vertebrae and laterally to the spine of the scapula -LRB- shoulder blade -RRB- .
The best-known ballet version is Prokofiev 's Romeo and Juliet .
Burg Fürsteneck is a castle , situated in central Germany between Fulda and Bad Hersfeld .
Bramante 's dome was to be surmounted by a lantern with its own small dome but otherwise very similar in form to the Early Renaissance lantern of Florence Cathedral designed for Brunelleschi 's dome by Michelozzo .
Poanes is a genus of skippers -LRB- family Hesperiidae -RRB- distributed throughout North and Central America .
The purpose of classification is ostensibly to protect information from being used to damage or endanger national security .
Local entertainment in the town includes concerts by the Aylsham Band , which plays at venues in and around Aylsham ; the Aylsham Players who host one or two productions a year ; and Aylsham High School , which presents an annual school musical .
Following its discovery , Cupid was given the temporary designation S/2003 U 2 .
In July , Orman began hosting a financial advice show called The Suze Orman Show .
For example , the PADI Open Water Diver -LRB- the most basic rank -RRB- course takes 5 dives in a swimming pool and 4 dives in open water -LRB- i.e. sea , lake , etc. -RRB- ; after the course the qualified diver is allowed to dive to .
It is registered , along with the Naghsh-i Jahan Square , as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
David CerrajerÃ a Rubio , aka Cerra -LRB- born June 4 , 1983 in Valencia -RRB- , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Levante UD , as a defender .
Nick , Jr. , About Max & Ruby The show presents an uplifting message for its audience by showing Max and Ruby playing together and exercising respect and love in resolving their conflicts .
Chromium , nickel , iron and steel plants dot the province as well .
The revelations were numerous , and the following apparitions are especially remarkable :
PRINT '' Hello world . ''
The premiere performance was Antonio Salieri 's Europa riconosciuta .
Mitch formed in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22 , and after drifting through extremely favorable conditions , it rapidly strengthened to peak at Category 5 status , the highest possible rating on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
The head of government of each state is called the Premier , appointed by the state 's Governor .
Chicago -- Book by Fred Ebb and Bob Fosse , music by John Kander , lyrics by Fred Ebb .
Cohen has been inducted into both the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame and is also a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honor .
On the October 29 edition of Raw , Shane McMahon told his father , Vince McMahon , that a member of the WWF would jump ship to the Alliance that night .
The city is the largest city and metro area in population of the traditional ` plains states ' as well as the South Central United States outside of Texas .
He is best known for the lambda calculus , Church -- Turing thesis , Church Frege ontology , and the Church-Rosser theorem .
Symptoms include chest pain , coughing up blood , and a productive , prolonged cough for more than three weeks .
Additionally , United States MSA boundaries do not stretch into neighboring countries such as Canada or Mexico , so border cities such as Detroit , Buffalo , El Paso and San Diego would count only U.S. population figures .
Saint-Germain-Langot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Jimmy Donal '' Jimbo '' Wales -LRB- ; born August 7 , 1966 -RRB- is an American Internet entrepreneur and a co-founder and promoter of Wikipedia .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
Prominent examples of legislatures are the Houses of Parliament in London , the Congress in Washington D.C. , the Bundestag in Berlin , the Duma in Moscow , the Parlamento Italiano in Rome and the Assemblée nationale in Paris .
A survey of royal privileges is conducted , which is included in the Hundred Rolls , an English census seen as a follow up to the Domesday Book completed in 1086 ; the Hundred Rolls is later completed with two larger surveys in 1274\/1275 and 1279\/1280 .
On October 24 , 2006 , he was featured in a political advertisement opposing a bill supporting embryonic stem cell research in Missouri .
Since its peak of popularity its usage share has been declining in the face of renewed competition from other web browsers , and was 43.55 % As of 2011 .
BT was the primary sponsor of Tate Online from 2001 to 2009 .
In June 2010 , the Credit Union put forward plans to modernize the credit union .
Q October 2000
The song is featured on the Angus motion picture soundtrack .
He became blind at the age of three , when he accidentally poked himself in the eye with a stitching awl , one of his father 's workshop tools .
The KDE technology platform consists of three parts : KDE Development Platform , KDE Workspace and KDE Applications .
It was retained as the state flag upon statehood in 1959 .
Their second and most commercially successful line-up featured Ian Gillan -LRB- vocals -RRB- , Ritchie Blackmore -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Jon Lord -LRB- keyboards -RRB- , Roger Glover -LRB- bass -RRB- and Ian Paice -LRB- drums -RRB- .
While the municipality itself -LRB- city center -RRB- has a population -LRB- as of -RRB- of , the metropolitan area has 1,240,000 residents , according to a 2007 census .
The show follows Aang 's journeys to complete this task , during a war instigated by the Fire Nation when he was frozen .
When originally established , the weight limit was 190 pounds -LRB- although in 1981 the World Boxing Council -LRB- WBC -RRB- set the limit at 195 pounds , but later lowered that to 190 pounds -RRB- .
Carcoar was not on the rail line until 1888 when the Blayney-Demondrille Line , which is an extension of the Main Southern Line , was constructed .
However , after one year , the money was exhausted and the family was unable to care for him .
Jude reads about the explosion in a Liverpool newspaper and believes that Lucy has also been killed .
Key : \* = metropolitan county
The band revealed that the song was written about a young girl from Kitchener with a cancerous tumor in her brain named Mina Kim .
Share -LRB- television -RRB- , the percentage of television sets in use tuned to a specific program according to the Nielsen Ratings
Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Radio 1 provides alternative genres after 7:00 pm including electronic dance , hip hop , rock or interviews .
Stefan duly confirmed on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team 's drivers , although the team did not have an entry to the 2010 Formula One season .
Other characters Michael Murphy as Warren Worthington II : The head of Worthington Labs , the corporation developing the '' cure '' .
Blogcritics features hundreds of original articles every week , and maintains an archive of all their published content .
Madara was followed on May 26 , by a companion DVD , which included six music videos and an in-the-studio documentary .
The A-train is a family of multiple units designed and built by Hitachi Ltd. initially for use on the railway system in Japan .
Mansa Musa , 14th century King of the Malian Empire
He worked for several major promotions , including Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre -LRB- CMLL -RRB- , Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- , New Japan Pro Wrestling -LRB- NJPW -RRB- , World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , and held a total of thirty-two championships during his professional wrestling career .
Until recently , the most famous conjecture was Fermat 's Last Theorem .
While this means the animal is not capable of changing its skin color in the dramatic fashion of shallow-dwelling cephalopods , such trickery is not needed at the lightless depths where it lives .
Wichita had become the largest city in the state by 1950 and the 51st largest city in the country by 1960 .
The town , founded in the Middle Ages , lies in the Seetal valley , about 3 kilometres south of the Aare delta .
Somme is a department located in the north of France in the Picardie region .
This means that many genealogical details may be omitted , for a better-flowing , more rounded article .
The Global Hunger Index -LRB- GHI -RRB- is a multidimensional statistical tool used to describe the state of countriesâ hunger situation .
Bull sharks have been caught approximately 900 miles up the Mississippi River , and have been observed approximately 2,500 miles up the Amazon River .
That '70s Show is an American television sitcom that centered on the lives of a group of teenagers living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place , Wisconsin , from some time in May , 1976 to January 1 , 1980 .
History The district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts Schmalkalden , Meiningen and partially Suhl-Land .
Media technology and society : a history : from the telegraph to the Internet , -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB- , Routeledge , London , ISBN 041514230X ISBN 978-0415142304 , p. 221 Kilby won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physics for his part of the invention of the integrated circuit .
The Age of Enlightenment -- The Western revolution in philosophy began , which would gave birth to Modern political thought and philosophy .
The highest reported gust in Antigua was 50 m/O. The Antigua Meteorological Service reported that the island had extensive flooding and damage to banana trees .
While traditional mysteries usually adhere to the convention of having the criminal 's identity concealed until the climax -LRB- the so-called whodunit -RRB- , in police procedurals , the perpetrator 's identity is often known to the audience from the outset .
by logan gould
Two famous pieces in the key of F minor are Beethoven 's Appassionata Sonata , and Haydn 's Symphony No. 49 in F minor , La Passione .
Those with doctorates had the second highest median household with a median of $ 96,830 ; $ 18,289 more than that for those at the Master 's degree level , but $ 3,170 lower than the median for households with a professional degree holding householder .
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction reports the typical retail price of diluted amphetamine in Europe varied between â 3 and â 15 -LRB- $ 4 to $ 21.55 USD -RRB- a gram in half of the reporting countries .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale TalkOrigins Archive Among the best-known techniques are radiocarbon dating , potassium-argon dating and uranium-lead dating .
The Seven Year Itch was released and became a success , earning an estimated $ 8 million .
Dagny-Lambercy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1927 , Oklahoma businessman Cyrus Avery , known as the '' Father of Route 66 '' began a campaign to create U.S. Route 66 .
Ramsey was appointed England manager on 25 October 1962 -LRB- effective from 1 May 1963 -RRB- and immediately caused a stir when he predicted that England would win the next World Cup , which was to be held in England in 1966 .
Until Saint-Estève , the climb is easy : 3.9 % over 5,8 km , but the 16 remaining kilometres have an average gradient of 8.9 % .
Aurochs were also known to have very aggressive temperaments and killing one was seen as a great act of courage in ancient cultures .
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
It is located at 34 Â 17 ' 18N 71 Â 53 ' 50E and has an altitude of 338m -LRB- 1112 feet -RRB- .
The Russian Revolution is the collective term for the series of revolutions in Russia in 1917 , which destroyed the Tsarist autocracy and led to the creation of the Soviet Union .
The Congress expressly provided -- and the same proviso was included in the Treaty of Turin -LRB- 16 March 1816 -RRB- -- that in these territories transferred to Geneva the Catholic religion was to be protected , and that no changes were to be made in existing conditions without the approval of the Holy See .
populationof = popofyear =
Blabbermouth.net is a website dedicated to heavy metal and hard rock news , as well as album and music DVD reviews .
Calls for service to the NYPD from housing developments increased dramatically , and it became clear that a more professional law enforcement component than the guard service was needed to deal with the complexities of policing diverse , decentralized public housing developments .
-LRB- He claimed that the film was shot in only a week . -RRB-
Portugal : although surrounded by other lands and people , the Portuguese nation has occupied the same territory for almost 800 years .
Grandfontaine is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Júlio César 's international career began in 2003 , when he was often called up as a backup to Dida .
261 , 263 Pat Nixon had an interest in adding artifacts to the Executive Mansion , and built on Jacqueline Kennedy 's more publicized efforts .
This allowed Galilei to discover sometime between December 1609 and January 1610 what came to be known as the Galilean moons .
At the age of 14 , Cortés was sent to study at the University of Salamanca in west-central Spain .
Alfred 's next brother Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught and his son Prince Arthur of Connaught having renounced the succession .
Some time prior to recording , Endino found old rolls of quarter-inch tape at a garage sale , and some contained recordings of a Christian preacher giving sermons in the early 1950s .
Light rail or light rail transit -LRB- LRT -RRB- is a form of urban rail public transportation that generally has a lower capacity and lower speed than heavy rail and metro systems , but higher capacity and higher speed than street-running tram systems .
The film ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again .
To cope with life in the suffocating depths , vampire squid have developed several radical adaptations .
Equilibrioception or sense of balance is one of the physiological senses .
A square matrix is a matrix which has the same number of rows and columns .
The line-up includes singer\/guitarist Justin Sane and drummer Pat Thetic , who founded the band ; later members are guitarist Chris Head , and singer\/bassist Chris Barker who replaced Jamie '' Cock '' Towns , who had replaced original bassist Andy Flag in 1997 following his departure one year prior .
In Gulliver 's Travels by Jonathan Swift -LRB- 1726 -RRB- , the country of Lilliput is described as being '' to the north-west of Van Dieman 's Land '' -LSB- sic -RSB- .
Saint-Thibaut is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
On February 17 , 2009 , Jason was named one of Top 10 Most Stylish Men in America by GQ magazine .
His famous series of sixteen great designs for the Apocalypse are dated 1498 , as is his engraving St. Michael Fighting the Dragon .
He proposed that blood flowed through the heart in two separate closed loops .
The primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine -LRB- DNA and RNA -RRB- , thymine -LRB- DNA -RRB- and uracil -LRB- RNA -RRB- , abbreviated as C , G , A , T , and U , respectively .
The Maumelle Library is part of the Central Arkansas Library System .
Burcy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ahmedabad is the largest city in Gujarat , India .
In Norse mythology , Loki is a god or jötunn -LRB- or both -RRB- .
He wrote a considerable amount of lyrical poetry and drama but is best remembered for his epic work Os LusÃ adas -LRB- The Lusiads -RRB- .
Cancer found outside of the lung may be determined to have arisen within the lung , as lung cancers that metastasize , i.e. spread , often retain a cell marker profile that allow a pathologist to say , with a good deal of certainty , that the tumor arose from the lung , i.e. is a primary lung cancer .
The style shows the Romantic influence of Liszt and Schumann as well as the Russian school of Balakirev .
Palatine is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
People are planning to start showing it to the public in 2008 .
It is situated on the Spanish north coast -LRB- Bay of Biscay -RRB- facing the Cantabrian Sea .
Lassalle sent a challenge to duel both to the lady 's father and to Racowitz , which was accepted by the latter .
The prehistoric period during which Palaeolithic settlements existed in the Tamil Nadu region has been estimated to span the period from about 500,000 BCE until around 3000 BCE .
Mendel stated that each individual has two factors for each trait , one from each parent .
In July 1977 he was sentenced to twice life imprisonment for his participation in the siege , by a Dusseldorf Court .
Marcos AntÃ nio Senna da Silva -LRB- born 17 July 1976 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- , known as Senna , is a Brazilian-born Spanish footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a central midfielder .
Voice cast Edgar Bergen - Himself , Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd .
Batista made his return on the October 20 episode of Raw , interfering in a match between Bill Goldberg and Shawn Michaels and '' shattering '' Goldberg 's ankle with a chair .
The American population celebrates most of the major US festivals , including Halloween , Independence Day , and Thanksgiving .
In 1999 , Chase joined a small band as lead singer and took the stage as the opening act for Reba McEntire .
Despite these indications of tropical characteristics , '' There was no front associated with it and it had a warm core , but the radius of maximum winds was more than 150 n , so under the standard NHC criteria it did n't qualify as a tropical storm . ''
Flooding may result from the volume of water within a body of water , such as a river or lake , which overflows or breaks levees , with the result that some of the water escapes its usual boundaries .
Louise Marie ThÃ rÃ se Bathilde d'Orl Ã ans , was the daughter of the Louis Philippe d'Orl Ã ans , Duke of Chartres and his wife , Louise Henriette de Bourbon .
February 28 -- Henry the Young King , son of Henry II of England -LRB- d. 1183 -RRB-
Malta covers just over 300 km in land area , making it one of Europe 's smallest and most densely populated countries .
The division is run by Russian Professional Football League .
Kinshasa -LRB- formerly , and Dutch : -RRB- is the capital and largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
1820 & ndash ; Edward Bransfield sights the Trinity Peninsula and claims the discovery of Antarctica .
Boston was founded on September 17 , 1630 , by Puritan colonists from England .
In the case here , the article uses British English primarily .
Skins is a double BAFTA-winning teen drama that follows a group of teenagers in Bristol , South West England as they grow up .
Tetris DS is currently out of print and is one of the most sought after DS games of all time with copies selling on some websites for $ 70 + .
William II -LRB- the future William I of England -RRB- becomes duke of Normandy .
The Cat Who Said Cheese -LRB-/O1996/O-RRB-
Sushi -LRB- vinegared rice , topped with other ingredients , including shellfish , fish , meat and vegetables -RRB- , feature both raw and cooked shellfish .
It then organized into Tropical Depression Sixteen-E on September 16 and quickly strengthened into a tropical storm .
Largely because of his status as Germany 's greatest war hero , Hindenburg won the election in the second round of voting held on April 26 , 1925 .
Retrieved February 2 , 2010 .
The 1961 -- 62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
A plum or gage is a stone fruit tree in the genus Prunus , subgenus Prunus .
By the time of the Civil War , Carbondale had become both a regional center for business and transportation , and an educational center with the founding of Carbondale College -LRB- which became Southern Illinois College in 1869 -RRB- . Carbondale won the bid for the new teacher training school for the region , and Southern Illinois Normal University opened in 1874 .
A nome -LRB- from , '' district '' -RRB- was a subnational administrative division of ancient Egypt .
There , he gorges on vegetables until he gets sick , and is then chased about by Mr. McGregor .
Dreamboat Annie Live , DVD interview 2007 .
Grisolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Homework , or homework assignment , refers to tasks assigned to students by their teachers to be completed mostly outside of class , and derives its name from the fact that most students do the majority of such work at home .
Pitch allows the construction of melodies ; pitches are compared as '' higher '' and '' lower '' , and are quantified as frequencies -LRB- cycles per second , or hertz -RRB- , corresponding very nearly to the repetition rate of sound waves .
She played the role of Wendla in Steven Sater and Duncan Sheik 's musical version of Spring Awakening , starring in early workshops to Off-Broadway and finally originating the role in the Broadway production at the age of 20 .
Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
The term '' power '' is also , however , used to express the ability of a lens or other optical device to focus light .
Peter Aurness -LRB- March 18 , 1926 â '' March 14 , 2010 -RRB- , known professionally as Peter Graves , was an American film and television actor .
One of 20th Century Fox 's most popular film stars from the 1940s to the 1960s , Peck continued to play important roles well into the 1980s .
It might also be described as light purple .
As a player he played as a scrum-half .
Achery is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Harry Connick , Jr. -LRB- born Joseph Harry Fowler Connick , Jr. ; September 11 , 1967 -RRB- is an American singer , actor , composer , and pianist .
This is the calendar for any leap year starting on Tuesday -LRB- dominical letter FE -RRB- , such as 200 , 1980 , or 2008 .
WWE Homecoming was three hours long â '' the second longest an episode of Raw has ever run in its 12-year history .
'' Our Friend is so contented with our girlies , says they have gone through heavy ` courses ' for their age and their souls have much developed , '' Alexandra wrote to Nicholas on December 6 , 1916 .
Wilma crossed the state in about 4.5 hours and weakened to winds of 110 mph -LRB- 175 km/h -RRB- after entering the Atlantic Ocean near Jupiter , Florida .
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium , which opened in 1978 and holds 10,300 fans .
With her death , another 114-year-old , Edna Parker of the United States , became the oldest living person .
She arrives with a client , a creepy professor -LRB- played by the actor who played Dr. Goll , Lulu 's first husband -RRB- .
Liberty is a city in Clay County , Missouri and is a suburb of Kansas City , Missouri .
Finans Cafe -LRB- Power Lunch Europe -RRB-
Lincoln City F.C. is a professional English association football team which play in Football League Two , the fourth tier of the English football league system .
The Brampton Canadettes Thunder won the first CWHL championship on 22 March 2008 , winning 4-3 over the Mississauga Chiefs in the final .
With a ridge of high pressure to its north , the depression tracked westward .
It was made by the Greek sculptor of the Classical period , Phidias , circa 432 BC on the site where it was erected in the Temple of Zeus , Olympia , Greece .
The most common type is the equestrian saddle designed for a horse , but specialized saddles have been created for camels and other creatures .
It is found in woody and many herbaceous dicots , gymnosperms and some monocots , which usually lack secondary growth .
His parents got a scaled-to-size violin for their then five-year-old son and started giving him lessons .
However , by looking at the history of polyploidy in plant families , he argued that polyploidy was only common in herbaceous perennials and infrequent in woody plants and annuals .
However , such words are routinely and frequently qualified in contemporary speech and writing .
Kirby 's Dream Land , known in Japan as , is a 1992 platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory , Inc. and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console .
Other than Durnan and Luongo , five other goaltenders have captained their team : John Ross Roach of the Toronto St. Patricks , George Hainsworth of the Montreal Canadiens , Roy Worters of the New York Americans , Alex Connell of the Ottawa Senators , and Charlie Gardiner of the Chicago Black Hawks .
Organizations that need to subdivide the US are free to define a '' Central '' region to fit their needs .
Because of its strategic location and multidimensional functions , the liver is also prone to many diseases .
Upper Largo or Kirkton of Largo is a village near the East Neuk of Fife , Scotland .
Chun Doo-hwan -LRB- born January 18 , 1931 -RRB- was a ROK Army general and the President of South Korea from 1980 to 1988 .
He was capped 29 times and scored 10 goals for the Japanese national team between 1997 and 2002 .
Albums and songs appearing on Top Heatseekers may also concurrently appear on the Billboard 200 or Billboard Hot 100 , respectively .
Colonfay is a French commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
C# is intended to be a simple , modern , general-purpose , object-oriented programming language .
Trees can often grow in river valleys at latitudes where they could not grow on a more exposed site .
com for '' earth pig '' or '' ground pig '' -LRB- aarde earth\/ground , varken pig -RRB- , because early settlers from Europe thought it resembled a domestic pig .
In reaction to the single 's disappointment , Higgins and Xenomania crafted '' Biology '' .
February 9 & ndash ; William Henry Harrison , American military leader and 9th President of the United States -LRB- d. 1841 -RRB-
While some fairly speculative ideas are entertained , they are introduced in such a rigorous and disciplined way that Darwin 's Radio gained praise in the science journal Nature .
The town became a minor Victorian tourism destination in response to Barrie 's novels , and his birthplace is now a museum owned by the National Trust of Scotlandhttp : \/O/ \/O/ www.nts.org.uk/Property/37/ .
Philip Morris Glass -LRB- born January 31 , 1937 -RRB- is an American music composer .
Rebecca Davis : Child is father to the man , How Al Wilson taught Son House to play Son House .
Jean Genet -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -- -RRB- was a prominent and controversialContemporary Literary Criticism , Volume 45 By Daniel G. Marowski , Roger Matuz .
The kitchen spatula , also called an egg slice , a '' turner , '' or a flipper is a utensil with a long handle and a broad flat edge , used for lifting and turning fried foods .
Expressionist abstract painting , as practiced by artists such as Jackson Pollock , Franz Kline , Clyfford Still , and Wols , represents the opposite of geometric abstraction .
Parachutes are usually made out of cloth , most commonly nylon .
The Necronomicon is a fictional book appearing in the stories by horror novelist H. P. Lovecraft and his followers .
In the summer when the water of the lake reflects like a mirror a large number of visitors from different areas of the country come to watch the enchanting views of these lake .
When Standard called the loan in , a cash-strapped Universal could n't pay .
1888 & ndash ; Richard E. Byrd , American explorer -LRB- d. 1957 -RRB-
To aid measurement , a grid called the graticule is superimposed on the face of the screen .
The current tower is actually the second to occupy the site .
Observations of earlier stages in the development of the universe , which can be seen at great distances , suggest that the universe has been governed by the same physical laws and constants throughout most of its extent and history .
Translation : On the 30th May was a jolly May-game in Fenchurch Street -LRB- London -RRB- with drums and guns and pikes , The Nine Worthies did ride ; and they all had speeches , and the morris dance and sultan and an elephant with a castle -LRB- saddle in the shape of a castle -RRB- and the sultan and young moors with shields and arrows , and the lord and lady of the May '' .
Its goes against evolution and says that the Earth and all of its life forms were created in just 6 days , 6000 years ago .
There are four lines of reflectional symmetry and it has rotational symmetry through 90 ° , 180 ° and 270 ° .
Located close to the county boundary with Cheshire to the west and Staffordshire to the south , Buxton is described as '' the gateway to the Peak District National Park '' .
Gennady Nikolayevich Rozhdestvensky -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born May 4 , 1931 -RRB- is a Russian conductor .
Nobuo Fujishima -LRB- born April 8 , 1950 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
This means her son , Prince William of Wales , will become the first descendant of Charles II to occupy the throne of the United Kingdom if he succeeds as expected .
Shane interrupted his father 's gloating over the WCW purchase to explain that Shane was the one who actually owned WCW , setting up what became the WWF 's '' Invasion '' storyline .
Similar to the 1980s professional wrestling boom , the Attitude Era was a surge in the popularity of professional wrestling in the United States from the late 1990s to early 2000s , as television ratings and pay-per-view buy-rates hit record highs .
Francesco Cavalli -LRB- 14 February 1602 & ndash ; 14 January 1676 -RRB- was an Italian composer of the early Baroque period .
'' Daly & Cobb -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- .
Alpine skiing is also called downhill skiing .
It is sometimes confused with grains of paradise .
E xamples of this are '' the victor in Jena '' and '' the loser in Waterloo '' , or '' the equilateral triangle '' and '' the equiangular triangle '' ; in both cases , both names express different meanings , but designate the same object .
Frederic William Henry Myers -LRB- 1843 â '' 1901 -RRB- was a classical scholar , poet , philosopher , and past president of the Society for Psychical Research .
For a time , she was known as Pamela Anderson Lee -LRB- or Pamela Lee -RRB- after marrying MÃ tley CrÃ 1\/4 e drummer Tommy Lee .
Jean-Marie Pfaff -LRB- born 4 December 1953 in Lebbeke -RRB- is a Belgian former football goalkeeper .
The Kingdom of Hungary emerged in 1000 , when the Principality of Hungary , founded in 896 , was recognized as a Kingdom . The form of government was changed from monarchy to Republic briefly in 1918 and again in 1946 , ending the Kingdom and creating the Republic of Hungary .
Chambers 1998 page 603Oxford Illustrated pages 311,380
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21 , 1993 and aired its final episode on March 1 , 2005 .
Yomi is comparable to Hades or hell and is most commonly known for Izanami 's retreat to that place after her death .
On January 31 , 2012 , Eros is expected to pass Earth at 0.179 A , about 70 times the distance to the moon , with a visual magnitude of +8.1 .
Das Rheingold was first performed at Munich on 22 September 1869 .
Then known as Mass Rapid Transit Corporation -LRB- MRTC -RRB- when it was incorporated on 6 August 1987 , it was renamed as Singapore MRT Limited before taking on its current name , SMRT Trains , in the year 2004 .
The name Aphex is derived from Aphex Systems Limited , a brand of audio signal processing equipment -LRB- itself derived from '' analog effects '' -RRB- .
He spent most of the rest of his career there , but it was interspersed with studies and teaching elsewhere in the United States and Asia .
Toulis-et-Attencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Also , the people could not travel from one island to another easily .
Samus has appeared in all eleven Metroid video games as of 2010 .
On 27 August 1866 , a vast demonstration for reform was held in Birmingham , in which the Mayor marched alongside 250,000 people , one of whom was Chamberlain .
Menuetto The third movement is a minuet and trio -LRB- A -- B -- A -RRB- .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin .
The Socialist Party is a Trotskyist group active in England and Wales with two dozen members on trade union executives .
MazarÃ pi earned one cap for the Brazil national football team .
manager = Guy Lacombe
The lake flooding has displaced 6,000 people from upstream villages , stranded -LRB- from land transportation routes -RRB- a further 25,000 , and inundated over of the Karakoram Highway .
Birth control is commonly used as part of family planning .
The name could also be related to the Semitic word baraq -LRB- ` Ö Ö 1\/4 Ö ; Ø Ù Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù â ; '' lightning '' or '' shine '' -RRB- -LRB- cf . Hebrew : ` bareqeth and Arabic : Ø Ø Ù barq '' lightning '' -RRB- .
With information for Jackson 's debut novel , The Road Through the Wall -LRB-/O1948/O-RRB- , he described Jackson as someone who practiced witchcraft .
Student riot leads to closing of university for two years .
Michael Edirin Obiku -LRB- born 24 September 1968 in Warri -RRB- is a retired Nigerian football striker .
He was one of the first major indigenous Latin American photographers .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane -LRB- ; born October 26 , 1973 -RRB- is an American animator , writer , comedian , producer , actor , singer , voice actor , and director best known for creating the animated sitcoms Family Guy , American Dad !
Theoretical computer science is the collection of topics of computer science that focuses on the more abstract , logical and mathematical aspects of computing , such as the theory of computation , analysis of algorithms , and semantics of programming languages .
It was founded on April 4 , 1959 , within the French Community and became entirely self-governing when it gained independence from France on June 20 , 1960 .
Volcanology -LRB- also spelled vulcanology -RRB- is the study of volcanoes , lava , magma , and related geological , geophysical and geochemical phenomena .
Tides are more predictable than wind energy and solar power .
Marton and Copse Road Depots closed in 1963 and Bispham Depot in 1966 .
Argentina , Finland , Yugoslavia , Brazil , Monaco competed as nations at the Olympic Games for the first time .
Milena Leticia Roucka -LRB- born October 25 , 1979 -RRB- is a Canadian professional wrestler and former model of Czech and Costa Rican descent . She is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , and works as Rosa Mendes on the SmackDown brand .
The municipality , which covers 149.09 km , had 5,477 inhabitants , giving a population density of 36.7 inhabitants per km .
Zöe Lucker -LRB- born 1974 -RRB- English actress best known for playing the role of Tanya Turner on ITV 's Footballers ' Wives
Charter 08 is a manifesto initially signed by over 350 Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists .
The most popular varieties cultivated today are red , white , and pink hues , referring to the internal pulp color of the fruit .
Biofuels offer the prospect of oil price moderation .
Their armies repulsed the Bulgarian offensive and counter-attacked penetrating into Bulgaria , while Romania and the Ottoman Empire took the opportunity to intervene against Bulgaria and make territorial gains . In the resulting Treaty of Bucharest , Bulgaria lost most of the territories it had gained in the First Balkan War .
It first came to power in 1860 with the election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency and oversaw the American Civil War and Reconstruction .
Pokémon entered its third generation with the 2003 release of Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire for Game Boy Advance and continued with the Game Boy Advance remakes of Pokémon Red and Blue , Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen , and an enhanced version of Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire titled Pokémon Emerald .
Kane was charged with second-degree robbery , fourth-degree criminal mischief , and theft of services .
Missy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In poetry , valkyries appear in '' Die WalkÃ 1\/4 ren '' by H. Heine -LRB- appearing in Romanzero , 1847 -RRB- , '' Die WalkÃ 1\/4 ren '' -LRB- 1864 -RRB- by H. v. Linge , '' SkÃ ldmon '' -LRB- appearing in GÃ mda Land , 1904 -RRB- .
The term ` spirit vinegar ' is sometimes reserved for the stronger variety -LRB- 5 % to 20 % acetic acid -RRB- made from sugar cane or from chemically produced acetic acid .
This ensures that a program does not interfere with memory already used by another program . Since programs time share , each program must have independent access to memory .
Rose Hill is a city in Mahaska County , Iowa , United States .
The Victory Column is a major tourist attraction to the city of Berlin and opens daily : 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 6:30 p.m. -LRB- April & ndash ; October -RRB- , and 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 5:30 p.m. -LRB- November & ndash ; March -RRB- .
Cold shock
Since it was established by Caesar Augustus it is sometimes called Pax Augusta . Its span was about 207 years -LRB- 27 BC to 180 AD -RRB- .
The organogenesis of cephalopod eyes differs fundamentally from that of vertebrates like humans .
Lead -LRB- II -RRB- sulfide is non-toxic , unless the lead and sulfur are heated to decomposition and toxic compounds of lead and sulfur oxides are produced -LRB- such as in roasting lead ore -RRB- . Lead sulfide is insoluble and a stable compound in the pH of blood and so it is the least toxic form of lead .
In ' , Palpatine -LRB- Ian McDiarmid -RRB- , who is really the Sith Lord Darth Sidious , manipulates Anakin 's love for Padmé in order to turn him to the dark side and become his apprentice , Darth Vader .
Oklahomans have a high rate of German , Scotch-Irish , and Native American ancestry , with 25 different native languages spoken , more than in any other state .
Events By Place Europe August 10 -- Battle of Lechfeld : Otto I the Great defeats the Magyars , halting their westward expansion and ending the threat to Germany .
Built between 1175 and 1490 , Wells Cathedral has been described as '' the most poetic of the English Cathedrals '' .
Palluau is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It is based on the well-known Hainanese dish called Wenchang chicken -LRB- -RRB- .
The explorer Major Thomas Mitchell crossed and named the Campaspe River near present day Kyneton on his 1836 expedition .
It was the bloodiest single-day battle in American history , with about 23,000 casualties .
25:19 The Islamic Quran also mentions simple accounting for trade and credit arrangements .
Any organism that fell , drifted , or was washed into the lagoons from the ocean or the land became buried in soft carbonate mud .
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
It derives its common name from sharing some physical characteristics with the orca -LRB- '' killer whale '' . -RRB-
Also known as Hentchak , Henchak , Social-Democratic Hentchakists , Huntchakians , Hnchakian , Henchags , its name is taken from its newspaper Hunchak , meaning '' Clarion '' or '' Bell '' in English , and is taken by party members to represent '' a call or awakening , for enlightenment and freedom . ''
The Rose-ringed Parakeet -LRB- Psittacula krameri -RRB- , also known as the Ringnecked Parakeet , is a gregarious tropical parakeet species that has an extremely large range .
The line attributed to both Matisse and Picasso that Cézanne '' is the father of us all '' can not be easily dismissed .
Grillo often receives letters of appreciation and support from prominent figures , such as Antonio Di Pietro -LRB- former Italian Minister of Infrastructures -RRB- , Fausto Bertinotti -LRB- former President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies -RRB- , Renzo Piano , and even Nobel Prize Winners -LRB- like Dario Fo , Joseph E. Stiglitz , Dalai Lama , Muhammad Yunus -RRB- .
In Yalta , Chekhov wrote one of his most famous stories , The Lady with the Dog -LRB- also called Lady with Lapdog -RRB- , The Lady with the Dog .
In the Netherlands , the show was shown on Yorin and Veronica .
Blessed art Thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of Thy womb , our Lord , Jesus Christ .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils .
Hurricane Lane was the thirteenth named storm , ninth hurricane , and sixth major hurricane of the 2006 Pacific hurricane season .
Rather than secure the island , however , this resulted in French , English and Dutch pirates establishing bases on the now-abandoned north and west coasts of the island .
Chicago is served by Midway International Airport on the south side and O'Hare International Airport , the world 's second busiest airport , on the far northwest side .
All Muslim authorities hold the consensus opinion that only men may lead prayer for men .
He suspected they would be in the area of Binalong due to John Dunn 's relatives living in the area .
The network began airing the remainder of the season on June 13 , 2006 , with the remaining episodes to be burned throughout the summer .
Masanobu Izumi -LRB- born April 8 , 1944 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Other terms that are used to mean the same thing are partition , logical volume , and in some cases a virtual disk -LRB- vdisk -RRB- .
Xabier '' Xabi '' Alonso Olano -LRB- ; born 25 November 1981 in Tolosa , Basque Country -RRB- is a Spanish World Cup-winning footballer who currently plays for La Liga club Real Madrid and the Spanish national team .
Les Pineaux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Most canyons were formed by a process of long-time erosion from a plateau level .
Felipe Miñambres Fernández -LRB- born April 29 , 1965 in Astorga , León -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer and a current manager .
The main valley is bound by the Bernese Alps in the north and the Pennine Alps in the south .
The warring families -LRB- the Montagues and the Capulets -RRB- are represented as warring business empires and swords are replaced by guns .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
Its chief division is Apple Records , which was launched in the same year . Other divisions included Apple Electronics , Apple Films , Apple Publishing , and Apple Retail , whose most notable venture was the ill-fated Apple Boutique in London .
Horowitz 's first European recording , in 1930 , was of Rachmaninoff 's Piano Concerto No. 3 with Albert Coates and the London Symphony Orchestra , the world premiere recording of that piece .
The radius is one of the two large bones of the forearm , the other being the ulna .
A ball bearing is a type of rolling-element bearing that uses balls to maintain the separation between the moving parts of the bearing .
Unalaska is served by the Unalaska City School District .
This type of bunker is a small concrete structure , partly dug into the ground , which is usually a part of a trench system .
White is best known for his The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne -LRB-/O1789/O-RRB- .
BÃ nouville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Selected for NASA 's astronaut program in January 1978 , Scobee completed his training in August 1979 .
Josef Alois Krips -LRB- 8 April 190213 October 1974 -RRB- was an Austrian conductor and violinist .
Yehudi Menuhin , Baron Menuhin , OM , KBE -LRB- April 22 , 1916-March 12 , 1999 -RRB- was a Russian Jewish American violinist and conductor who spent most of his performing career in the United Kingdom .
populationof = popofyear =
Teasc is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,360 people .
Undated The Siege of Rostock ends .
At the far end of Hollywood Boulevard stands the Sorcerer 's Hat , the icon of Disney 's Hollywood Studios .
They became early activists in the women 's rights movement .
In August 2009 , the town of Kiryat Yam in Israel offered a prize of $ 1 million for anyone who could prove the existence of a mermaid off its coast , after dozens of people reported seeing a mermaid leaping out of the water like a dolphin and doing aerial tricks before returning to the depths .
Events By place Rome January 16 -- The Roman Senate votes Octavian the title of Augustus .
It represents the quantity which passes through the surface '' .
Notwithstanding the 2005 municipal elections and the January 9 , 2005 presidential election , this was the first election to the PLC since 1996 ; subsequent elections had been repeatedly postponed due to the ongoing Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Other animals Brindle coloring exists in cattle .
The song has also achieved commercial success by topping charts in the United States , Sweden , Australia , Switzerland , Canada , Germany , France , the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom , as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries .
Bean Pole International is the name of a South Korean fashion brand and an affiliate company of Samsung .
Khorasan is famous world wide for its saffron and zereshk which are produced in the southern cities of the province .
Fellows Park was a former football stadium in Walsall , England . It was the home ground of Walsall F.C. from 1896 until 1990 , when the team moved to the Bescot Stadium .
Kevin Wesley Love -LRB- born September 7 , 1988 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
The song '' Walk of Life '' , the final single off this album , was released in December 2000 and reached Number 25 in the UK Singles Chart .
The Nissan Micra -LRB- known in Asia , except India as the Nissan March -RRB- is a supermini produced by the Japanese automaker Nissan since 1982 .
Due to the illegal tactics of FBI agents involved with the program , government attorneys requested all weapons - and bomb-related charges be dropped against the Weather Underground , including charges against Ayers .
An iron man , Hutson also led the league in interceptions in 1940 .
Christopher Carl Carter -LRB- born October 13 , 1956 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , film director and producer , best known as the creator of The X-Files and Millennium .
All living Germanic languages belong either to the West Germanic or to the North Germanic branch .
The park includes a variety of natural communities , such as sand pine scrub , pine flatwoods , mangroves , and river swamps .
The leaves are opposite or in whorls of three or four , long and broad , dark green and glossy with a leathery texture .
Her former colleagues acceded to her request , but they made it clear that they wanted a mainstream , patriotic representative , a mother with children in the schools .
John Wilkes Booth -LRB- May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 -RRB- was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
In 1972 , he wrested the World Championship from Boris Spassky of the Soviet Union in a match held in Reykjavík , Iceland that was widely publicized as a Cold War battle .
Abbottabad Tehsil -LRB- -RRB- is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Three storms hit Mexico within a very short space of time , the Pacific hurricanes Nora and Olaf , and the Atlantic Tropical Storm Larry .
ChÃ cents telain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
During World War I , on December 24 , 1914 , there was an unofficial ceasefire as France , the United Kingdom , and Germany observed Christmas .
In 1940 , when Norway was invaded by Nazi Germany , Lie ordered all Norwegian ships to sail to Allied ports .
Lennon would describe this song , along with '' Mean Mr. Mustard '' , in The Beatles Anthology as '' a bit of crap I wrote in India '' .
Eutheria
The racial makeup of the village was 85.14 % White , 0.50 % African American , 0.50 % Native American , 11.59 % from other races , and 2.27 % from two or more races .
Robert de Sorbon founds the Collège de Sorbonne at Paris , giving a formal college -LRB- and still-common name -RRB- to the already existing University of Paris in France .
Juan de la Cosa makes a voyage to South America .
Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland .
This phenomenon is called aposematism and works because predators learn by experience to associate certain prey phenotypes with a bad taste -LRB- or worse -RRB- .
A mutual fund is a professionally managed type of collective investment scheme that pools money from many investors and invests typically in investment securities -LRB- stocks , bonds , short-term money market instruments , other mutual funds , other securities , and\/or commodities such as precious metals -RRB- .
Until the early 1993 , the race was open for amateur cyclists only and most of its winners came from Poland .
Berlei is a brand of women 's lingerie and in particular bras and girdles .
They experimented with recording techniques at around the age of 10 , using tape machines to layer cut-up samples of found sounds over compositions of their own .
Beyond the original album The album Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs opened to lackluster sales -LRB- the album never reached the charts in Britain -RRB- as with Clapton unmentioned except on the back it appeared to be a double album from an unknown band .
In some fields it is among the top undergraduate institutions in graduate-school enrollment : fifty-six percent of its alumni have at least one graduate degree and it is ranked 30th among all US colleges in the percentage of its graduates who go on to attain a doctorate degree -LRB- notably 1st among history doctorates -RRB- , when adjusted for institutional size .
Ukraine 's glory has not perished , nor has her freedom Upon us , fellow compatriots , fate shall smile once more .
Kyle Broflovski is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park .
He later had to leave the show prior to its debut for health reasons , but executive producer Joel Silver stated that his imprint would remain : '' He worked really hard on the arc of the series .
The first school opened in 1850 and a Police Station in 1852 .
June is the sixth month of the year in the Gregorian calendar , with a length of 30 days .
Thunderstorms were reported on the island , and maximum reported winds on the island reached 45 mph -LRB- 72 km\/h -RRB- .
Most wildlife biologists are concerned with the preservation and improvement of habitats although reinstatement is increasingly being used .
Paul Felix von Weingartner , EdlerEdler was until 1919 a title of nobility in Austria-Hungary and Germany .
The per capita personal income was $ 24,977 in 2005 .
Bombers accelerate stadium plan The Hamilton Tiger-Cats , Saskatchewan Roughriders and the new Ottawa franchise will also be looking at new or extensively renovated stadiums in the following years .
Layers of ash emitted by the volcano8 .
The European powers had control of other parts of Asia by the 1900s , such as British India , French Indochina and Portuguese Macau and Goa .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta -LRB- born March 28 , 1986 -RRB- , better known by her stage name Lady Gaga , is an American recording artist .
Cursiva refers to a very large variety of forms of black letter ; as with modern cursive writing , there is no real standard form .
It was notable as hosting the first major American appearances by Jimi Hendrix and The Who , as well as the first major public performances of Janis Joplin .
That Council of Chalcedon is one of the First seven Ecumenical Councils accepted by Eastern Orthodox , Catholic , and many Protestant Christian churches .
It was the first Olympic Games held in the Modern era .
Delgadillo 's Snow Cap Drive-In is a historic eatery and roadside attraction located along former Route 66 in Seligman , Arizona USA .
JÃ zef Klemens PiÅ sudski -LRB- , 5 December 1867 â '' 12 May 1935 -RRB- was a Polish statesmanâ '' Chief of State -LRB- 1918 â '' 22 -RRB- , '' First Marshal '' -LRB- from 1920 -RRB- , and authoritarian leader -LRB- 1926 â '' 35 -RRB- of the Second Polish Republic .
Takamoto first entered the cartoon world after the end of the war .
Irish Republican BrotherhoodIrish VolunteersIrish Citizen ArmyCumann na mBanHibernian RiflesFianna Éireann
It is bounded by Kooyong Road in the west , Glen Eira Road in the north , Glenhuntly Road in the south and Booran Road in the east .
Tiësto OON -LRB- ; born Tijs Michiel Verwest on January 17 , 1969 -RRB- is a Dutch musician , DJ and record producer of electronic dance music .
The Cat Who Blew the Whistle -LRB-/O1995/O-RRB-
Something which is easy to understand or explain is simple , in contrast to something complicated .
Montigny-l ` Allier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In probability theory and statistics , the normal distribution , or Gaussian distribution , is an absolutely continuous probability distribution whose cumulants of all orders above two are zero .
Rousset is a commune in the department of Bouches-du-Rh ône in the south of France , close to Aix-en-Provence .
When asked which of all the applications of mechanism design he was most pleased to see he said welfare economics .
Use of the term ace in military aviation circles began in World War I -LRB- 1914 â '' 18 -RRB- , when French newspapers described Adolphe Pegoud , as l'as -LRB- French for '' the ace '' -RRB- after he became the first pilot to down five German aircraft .
The Empire lasted until Yazdegerd III lost control of his empire in a series of invasions from the Arab Caliphate .
It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the north of the district at Location o Jhando Mari , the Union Council has a population of 30,384 .
A third and final direct-to-video sequel , Leroy & Stitch , was released on June 27 , 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series .
Animal feed pellet , a foodstuff produced from various raw materials and additives
They are part of the Southern Carpathians group of the Carpathian Mountains .
Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada in Division No. 1 .
Voyager 1s Saturnian flyby occurred in November 1980 , with the closest approach on November 12 , 1980 , when the space probe came within 124000 k of Saturn 's cloud-tops .
The use of a trademark in this way is known as trademark use .
One of the only a handful of professional footballers to serve in active combat in the Nahal , Vollach actually missed an entire season of football while serving his country .
In December 1864 , the decision was made to play games against outside opposition , and it was decided that the club needed to find a bigger venue .
First class is a luxury travel class on some airliners that exceeds business class , premium economy , and economy class .
He was dropped from the broadcasting team and was replaced by Bobby Heenan the following week .
This differentiates the term from more technical ones such as chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear weapons -LRB- CBRN -RRB- .
The station is the point through which pass the west and north-west bound Craigieburn , Flemington Racecourse , Sydenham , Werribee , Williamstown and Upfield suburban railway lines , as well as an interchange point with the Victorian regional network .
doc file , which website should open : Office Live , Gview , or a previewing utility ?
Cleveland is a town in Russell County , Virginia , United States .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators -LRB- some of whom later became directors -RRB- at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
Ryosuke Kijima is a Japanese football player who plays for Machida Zelvia .
On August 8 , 2008 , Andreas Typaldos , CEO of Xandros , announced that Linspire would be discontinued in favor of Xandros ; Freespire would change its base code from Ubuntu to Debian ; and the Linspire brand would cease to exist .
Orders appear everywhere - at least as far as mathematics and related areas , such as computer science , are concerned .
AOL later acquired Mirabilis , the authors of ICQ ; a few years later ICQ -LRB- now owned by AOL -RRB- was awarded two patents for instant messaging by the U.S. patent office .
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna , released May 30 , 2007 , on Def Jam Recordings .
Timor is an island at the southern end of Maritime Southeast Asia , north of the Timor Sea .
Since about 1990 , the game port has usually been integrated with a PC I\/O or sound card , either ISA or PCI , or as an on-board feature of some motherboards ; before that , it was usually on a dedicated ISA card .
The floods were a result of heavy rainfall caused by Tropical Cyclone Tasha that combined with a trough during the peak of a La NiÃ a event .
On November 6 , 2008 , 28-year old Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck , eldest son of King Jigme Singye Wangchuck , was crowned King of the Himalayan Kingdom .
The Federal Ministry of Family Affairs , Senior Citizens , Women and Youth -LRB- -RRB- is a Ministry of Germany .
Adelsheim -LRB- -RRB- is a small town in northern Baden-Württemberg , about 30 km north of Heilbronn .
He rekindled his feud with The Undertaker , defeating him at SummerSlam following a distraction from his father . Two months later , Orton and his father Bob Orton defeated The Undertaker in a Handicap Casket match .
Partick Thistle Football Club are a professional association football club from Glasgow .
In parts of Australia , a shire is an administrative unit , but it is not synonymous with '' county '' there , which is a land registration unit .
A person accepted into a medical school and enrolled in an educational program in medicine , with the goal of becoming a medical doctor , is referred to as a medical student or student doctor . Medical students are generally considered to be at the earliest stage of the medical career pathway .
Ancient Mediterranean peoples -- including perfumers in Egypt , physicians in Gaza , townspeople in Rhodes , and the Greek hetaerae courtesans -- used saffron in their scented waters , perfumes , ointments , potpourris , mascaras , divine offerings , and medical treatments .
Hitler sent an ultimatum to Schuschnigg on 11 March , demanding that he hand over all power to the Austrian National Socialists or face an invasion .
The Latin word basilica -LRB- derived from Greek , Basilikè Stoá , Royal Stoa , the tribunal chamber of a king -RRB- , was originally used to describe a Roman public building , usually located in the forum of a Roman town .
On June 6 , 2007 , the Austrian government announced the appointment of Welser-M Ã st as Musical Director -LRB- Generalmusikdirektor -RRB- of the Vienna State Opera beginning in September 2010 , alongside Dominique Meyer as director -LRB- Staatsoperndirektor -RRB- .
Carnivorous plants appear adapted to grow in places where the soil is thin or poor in nutrients , especially nitrogen , such as acidic bogs and rock outcroppings .
Malabo at britannica.com .
Magazines like Jugend helped spread the style in Germany , especially as a graphic artform , while the Vienna Secessionists influenced art and architecture throughout Austria-Hungary .
Berkeley , California : University of California Press , 2002 However , the plant was decisively shut down by the State of New Jersey a few days later , and Standard was forbidden to manufacture TEL there again without state permission .
History The Altmark is a historical region that covers the territory of this district as well as parts of the neighbouring district of Stendal .
Buxeuil is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The school only teaches Years 7 and 8 at the moment , but will expand to educating Year 7-12 by 2013 .
The official proper design for a game port-MIDI adapter can be found at this MIDI page .
Pierre Monteux -LRB- April 4 , 1875 -- July 1 , 1964 -RRB- was an orchestra conductor .
Its county seat is Pensacola .
The standard is developed and regulated by the European Union , and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail .
Microsoft Unveils SQL Server 2000 , Windows 2000 Integration Additionally , Microsoft sold Windows 2000 Advanced Server Limited Edition and Windows 2000 Datacenter Server Limited Edition , which were released in 2001 and run on 64-bit Intel Itanium microprocessors .
Opposition is a term used in positional astronomy to indicate when two celestial bodies are on opposite sides of the sky when viewed from a particular place -LRB- usually the Earth -RRB- .
For example , the quotient of 13 ÷ 5 would be 2 while the remainder would be 3 .
Sixteen people were sent to the Amazon to compete to win one million dollars .
He currently plays for Al-Ansar in Lebanon .
Plan-de-Cuques is a commune northeast of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rh ône in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region of France .
Faced with frequent skirmishes with French forces , in 1756 the British began to upgrade their fortifications .
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel published in 1939 and written by John Steinbeck , who was awarded the Pulitzer Prize and the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Peujard is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ng , a Chinese surname -LRB-
Vaygach Island and the island of Novaya Zemlya form a further continuation of the chain on the north .
Ioan Petru Culianu or Couliano -LRB- 5 January 1950 -- 21 May 1991 -RRB- was a Romanian historian of religion , culture , and ideas , a philosopher and political essayist , and a short story writer .
This can occur only in a reference frame which either has a gravitational field or is accelerating due to a force other than gravity defining a '' downward '' direction -LRB- that is , a non-inertial reference frame -RRB- .
The success of Club Penguin led to New Horizon being purchased by The Walt Disney Company in August 2007 for the sum of 27 billion dollars , with an additional 5 million dollars in bonuses should specific targets be met by 2009 .
After Tom dies , George Shelby eulogizes Tom by saying , '' What a thing it is to be a Christian . ''
At its peak , it was one of the most densely populated and culturally dynamic societies in the world .
Special sets of numbers include : , denoting the set of all primes .
Many fish such as sharks , rays and catfishes can detect electric fields , and are thus electroreceptive , but as they can not generate an electric field they are not classified as electric fish .
According to declarative theory , an entity 's statehood is independent of its recognition by other states .
The saga of an intrepid PAF pilot who humbled the Israelis In 2005 Syria and Pakistan agreed on mutual cooperation in the fields of science and technology .
Jan Johansson
The Tracey Ullman Show is an American television variety show , hosted by British comedian and onetime pop singer Tracey Ullman .
The population was 1,342 at the 2000 census .
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time .
Domestically , Chávez has maintained nationwide Bolivarian Missions , whose goals are to combat disease , illiteracy , malnutrition , poverty , and other social ills .
As a suffix in an English or Welsh place name , it is in most regions pronounced , or sometimes .
Templeton is a gluttonous rat who helps Charlotte and Wilbur only when offered food .
It was released in the United States on November 27 , 2007 .
It is the largest city of the country and main port , which borders the Indian Ocean .
Quercus basaseachicensis is a species of oak tree in the Fagaceae -LRB- beech -RRB- family .
Illinois State University , founded in 1857 , is the oldest public university in Illinois ; it is located in Normal .
Potigny is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Innovation is a change in the thought process for doing something , or the useful application of new inventions or discoveries .
One story has it that he wanted to sink his teeth into a food that the queen had banned from the royal court -- pizza .
It is conventionally represented by the symbol Z/O. The atomic number uniquely identifies a chemical element .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O2/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
Ö 3 Austria Top 40 is the name of the official Austrian singles chart , as well as the radio show which presents it , aired Fridays on Hitradio Ö 3 .
Population900 ,000 -LRB-/O1991/O-RRB-
The oldest known European Yew is the Llangernyw Yew in the Churchyard of Llangernyw village in North Wales , which is estimated to be between 4,000 and 5,000 years old .
In the last 50 years or so heavy industry has declined , and the economy of the town has become increasingly services orientated .
In most countries , full universal suffrage - with the inclusion of women - followed universal male suffrage by about ten to twenty years .
Scene 2 -LRB- Rhapsody and Hunting Song -RRB- : Wozzeck and Andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting .
Living will , a legal document expressing the desires of the author with regard to medical decisions , invoked in the event that the author is incapacitated and unable to act on their own behalf .
Claudius later lifted this restriction for some of his conquering generals .
Its availability on digital terrestrial -LRB- Freeview -RRB- is dependent upon BBCi not showing other interactive services , such as major sports events coverage .
Sibley wrote his classic field guide , The Sibley Guide to Birds , while he was living and birding in Cape May Point .
It is also found in small amounts in certain members of the Fabaceae -LRB- bean family -RRB- , including Acacia berlandieri .
Over the Internet The easiest way to play an electronic sports match is over the Internet .
In 1933 , the Nazis banned and burned Remarque 's works , and issued propaganda stating that he was a descendant of French Jews and that his real last name was Kramer , a Jewish-sounding name , his original name spelled backwards .
Mesa -LRB- '' MACE-uh '' -RRB- is a city in Maricopa County , in the U.S. state of Arizona and is a suburb of Phoenix , within the Phoenix Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Auld has also played for the New York Rangers , Vancouver Canucks , Florida Panthers , Phoenix Coyotes , Boston Bruins , Ottawa Senators and Dallas Stars of the NHL .
By 1851 there were 15 known asteroids , all but one with their own symbol .
Michaelsberg Abbey or Michelsberg Abbey , also St. Michael 's Abbey , Bamberg -LRB- or Michelsberg -RRB- is a former Benedictine monastery in Bamberg in Bavaria , Germany .
1667 & ndash ; Giovanni Gerolamo Saccheri , Italian mathematician -LRB- d. 1733 -RRB-
He was succeeded as mayor by Christoph Ahlhaus .
He only got one win in his career , on July 10 , 1993 against the San Diego Padres .
Brendan James Fraser -LRB- born December 3 , 1968 -RRB- is a Canadian-American actor of stage and screen .
Samuel Bailey was born at Sheffield on 5 July 1791 , the son of Joseph Bailey and Mary Eadon .
In 1998 , she became the second actress -LRB- after Liza Minnelli -RRB- to win a Golden Globe Award , an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year .
Marco Di Vaio -LRB- born July 15 , 1976 -RRB- is an Italian football striker , who currently plays for Bologna FC .
Konzum is part of the Agrokor company .
In 1982 , the Swiss Heritage Society awarded the Wakker Prize to Avegno for the preservation of its architectural heritage .
This unity is still present today in Eastern Orthodoxy and to a lesser degree in Roman Catholicism .
The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged with safeguarding Pakistan from external and internal threats .
Cayce became a celebrity toward the end of his life and the publicity given to his prophecies has overshadowed what to him were usually considered the more important parts of his work , such as healing -LRB- the vast majority of his readings were given for people who were sick -RRB- and theology -LRB- Cayce was a lifelong , devout member of the Disciples of Christ -RRB- .
Some focus on porting games from one system to another .
It is a scalar quantity , the magnitude of the vector of motion .
Amongst Byron 's best-known works are the brief poems She Walks in Beauty , When We Two Parted , and So , we 'll go no more a roving , in addition to the narrative poems Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage and Don Juan .
Mime offers him the poisoned drink .
ARD 's constituent broadcasting institutions -- BR , HR , MDR , NDR , Radio Bremen , RBB , SR , SWR , and WDR -LRB- see below for an explanation of the abbreviations -RRB- , as well as international broadcaster Deutsche Welle -- operate 54 regional and local radio stations and networks , two nationwide radio channels , and seven regional TV networks , some of which split further during certain parts of the day .
Russian criminals who were shipped to Siberia can arguably be regarded as convicts .
He reached the final of Wimbledon in 2002 with HantuchovÃ and the semifinals of Wimbledon in 2003 and 2005 with HantuchovÃ and Liezel Huber , respectively .
Virgin wool is wool spun for the first time .
KWord is a free word processor , a member of the KOffice project and of the K Desktop Environment .
SAC felt the Moroccan bases were much less critical with the long range capability of the B-52 Stratofortresses that were replacing the B-47s and with the completion of the USAF installations in Spain in 1959 .
Alex Shaw born 31 March , 1987 in Maidstone , Kent , England is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
Distribution They are found in scattered areas throughout the world 's oceans , but are concentrated in temperate waters , and are rare or absent in very cold or very warm seas .
John Phillip Key -LRB- born 9 August 1961 -RRB- is the 38th and current Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the New Zealand National Party .
In number theory and algebraic number theory , the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic -LRB- or Unique-Prime-Factorization Theorem -RRB- states that any integer greater than 1 can be written as a unique product -LRB- up to ordering of the factors -RRB- of prime numbers .
They also released two EPs in this time : Sound Out Loud and Kids On Overload .
Valdo CÃ cents ndido de Oliveira Filho , simply Valdo -LRB- born 12 January 1964 -RRB- , is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as a central midfielder .
A Conversion connotes change of a building 's usage .
ICDO =
Boeremusiek is originally European , but once it was brought to South Africa , it gradually changed and became its own style .
The city of Brno is founded in what is now Czech Republic .
Luis caused some damage as it passed 60 miles north of Guadeloupe , especially in north of Grande-Terre and Desirade , where hurricane-force condition affected only those area that result of moderate homes damage and roof , uprooted trees , severe beach erosion while the Basse-Terre region had minor damage as 70 % of banana crops damaged , the mountainous region recorded a 20 inches of rain for 36 hours period .
Germany uses Partnerstadt -LRB- Partner Town\/City -RRB- , France uses Ville Jumelée -LRB- Twinned Town\/City -RRB- .
It orbits at very low inclination in the intermediate main belt , and is by far the largest asteroid in the Massalia family .
Union Institute & University , a college specializing in distance learning
The film , The Way Back , is based on a true story and directed by the highly acclaimed Peter Weir .
Zeami also wrote practical instructions for actors and established the Noh theater as a serious art form .
Chigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
About 2,000 people were killed by debris , fires , or collapsed buildings and it is estimated that over 9,000 people were injured .
Under Lemaire , the team roared through the 1993 -- 94 regular season with a lineup including defensemen Scott Stevens , Scott Niedermayer , and Ken Daneyko , forwards Stephane Richer , John MacLean , Bobby Holik , and Claude Lemieux , and goaltenders Chris Terreri and Martin Brodeur , who was honored as the league 's top rookie with the Calder Memorial Trophy .
He is best known for his time in Ring of Honor -LRB- ROH -RRB- , where he is a former ROH World Champion .
The antibodies will attack the antigens on any other blood type .
The Karen languages are tonal languages spoken by some three million Karen people .
MedlinePlus =
He is also the current captain of the Irish national team , where he has 100 caps .
Less than a hundred years later , this movement , under the patronage of Lorenzo de ' Medici , was characterized by Giorgio Vasari as a '' golden age '' , a thought , suitably enough , he expressed at the head of his Vita of Botticelli .
line power , domestic mains electricity
This same New York City off-Broadway theater was also the musical 's initial home following its official January 25 , 1996 opening .
They explored in the vicinity of Peninj near the lake , where Richard was in charge of the administrative details .
Coatbridge is a town in North Lanarkshire , Scotland , about 10 m east of Glasgow city center , set in the central Lowlands of Scotland .
In Norse mythology , the goddess IÃ unn is portrayed in the Prose Edda -LRB- written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson -RRB- as providing apples to the gods that give them eternal youthfulness .
The Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change is a 700-page report released for the British government on October 30 , 2006 by economist Nicholas Stern , chair of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the London School of Economics and also chair of the Centre for Climate Change Economics and Policy -LRB- CCCEP -RRB- at Leeds University and LSE .
Pistoia remained a Florentine holding except for a brief period in the 14th century , when Castruccio Castracani captured it for Lucca , and was officially annexed to Florence in 1530 .
On March 31 , 2006 , the amateur radio operators from AMSAT in Germany tracked and received radio waves from Voyager 1 using the 20 m dish at Bochum with a long integration technique .
The McGurk effect is a perceptual phenomenon which demonstrates an interaction between hearing and vision in speech perception .
The federal government moved in 1959 from Karachi to Rawalpindi -LRB- provisional capital until Islamabad was finished -RRB- , whilst the federal legislature moved to Dhaka .
Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
About 60 % of the seminal fluid in humans originates from the seminal vesicles , but is not expelled in the first ejaculate fractions which are dominated by spermatozoa and zinc-rich prostatic fluid .
As 51,276 filled Melbourne Park , which was a record for the middle Saturday and the biggest crowd ever at the Australian Open for a day session .
Geography and administration The province covers has an area of 1,157 km ² , and a total population of 200,695 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
Balsam Lake is a village in , and the county seat of , Polk County , Wisconsin , United States .
Maryport is a town and civil parish within the Allerdale borough of Cumbria , England , in the historic county of Cumberland . It is located on the A596 road north of Workington , and is the southernmost town on the Solway Firth .
In general the truth table does not lead to an efficient implementation ; a minimization procedure , using Karnaugh maps , the Quine -- McCluskey algorithm or an heuristic algorithm is required for reducing the circuit complexity .
C. Capelli , N. Redhead , N. Novelletto , L. Terrenato , P. Malaspina , Z. Poulli , G. Lefranc , A. Megarbane , V. Delague , V. Romano , F. Cali , V.F. Pascali , M. Fellous , A.E. Felice , and D.B. Goldstein ; '' Population Structure in the Mediterranean Basin : A Y Chromosome Perspective , '' Annals of Human Genetics , 69 , 1-20 , 2005 .
Mixing green and blue produces shades of cyan , and mixing red and blue produces shades of purple , including magenta .
A simple example of this is a single loop of wire with some constant current flowing through it .
He is the only member aside from founder and guitarist Oscar Dronjak to appear on all of the band 's albums .
Kingston is a village in Green Lake County , Wisconsin , United States .
John Russell , 1st Earl Russell , KG , GCMG , PC -LRB- 18 August 1792 -- 28 May 1878 -RRB- , known as Lord John Russell before 1861 , was an English Whig and Liberal politician who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century .
Boys Do n't Cry is a 1999 American independent drama film based on the real-life story of Brandon Teena , a transgender man who was raped and murdered on December 31 , 1993 by male friends after they found out Teena had female genitalia .
An action figure is a posable character figurine , made of plastic or other materials , and often based upon characters from a movie , comic book , video game , or television program .
The Benrath line In the German language theory the Benrath line is the border line between the Northern German and the Southern German idiom , although on both side of the line there is a Rhinish dialect .
The university 's athletic teams are called the Panthers .
The leaves are four to seven cm long , weakly lobed or coarsely toothed , dark green above , paler beneath , with the leaf margins often downcurved .
As with previous games , most story missions can be played in non-linear order .
Erik Olof Mellberg -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born September 3 , 1977 in Amnehärad , Gullspång -RRB- is a Swedish international footballer currently playing for Olympiacos in the Greek Superleague .
Wismes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although the Qin Dynasty destroyed the kingdoms of Shu and Ba , the Qin government accelerated the technological and agricultural advancements of Sichuan making it comparable to that of the Huang He -LRB- Yellow River -RRB- Valley .
Announced in 1996 by Geoffrey Marcy and R. Paul Butler , 70 Virginis was one of the first stars confirmed to have planets orbiting it .
The Xbox 360 competes with Sony 's PlayStation 3 and Nintendo 's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles .
Northeast or north east is the ordinal direction halfway between north and east .
Hurwicz had no degree in economics .
The World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- Divas Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment .
1992 & ndash ; The Carandiru Massacre takes place after a riot in the Carandiru Penitentiary in São Paulo , Brazil .
It will host football games during the early stages of the commonwealth football tournament and it will also host the athletics track and field events .
Childhood Andy Warhol was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The current constitution dates from 1997 .
A week later , he experienced complications which prompted additional surgery to implant a defibrillator .
Afghanistan : Taliban Preps for Bloody Assault , Newsweek .
id Software is an American video game development company with its headquarters in Mesquite , Texas .
1961 .
24 A.D. , 24 B.C. , 1924 , 2024 , etc./O.
He was educated at Larchfield Academy -LRB- now part of Lomond School -RRB- in Helensburgh ; the Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College -LRB- which later became the University of Strathclyde -RRB- ; and the University of Glasgow .
Vacognes-Neuilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In Super Mario Galaxy , the Spin is primarily used for melee attacks , as it can stun enemies and shatter objects , and is used to trigger special propellers called '' Sling Stars '' or '' Launch Stars '' that launch Mario across large distances through space .
The square mile -LRB- abbreviated as sq mi and sometimes as mi -RRB- is an imperial and US unit of measure for an area equal to the area of a square of one statute mile .
Michigan State University -LRB- MSU -RRB- is a public research university in East Lansing , Michigan USA .
Guitars are traditionally constructed of various woods and strung with animal gut or , more recently , with either nylon or steel strings .
Widely known in Indonesia by his initials '' SBY '' , he was sworn into office on 20 October 2004 , together with Jusuf Kalla as Vice President , and again on 20 October 2009 , together with Boediono as Vice President .
In 1535 Foxe was admitted to Magdalen College School , where he may either have been improving his Latin or acting as a junior instructor .
GRUB is the reference implementation of the Multiboot Specification , which provides a user the choice to boot one of multiple operating systems installed on a computer , or select a specific kernel configuration available on a particular operating system 's partitions .
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich -LRB- Odin den ' Ivana Denisovicha -RRB- is a novel written by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn , first published in November 1962 in the Soviet literary magazine Novy Mir -LRB- New World -RRB- .
Kites have long wings and relatively weak legs .
The PAD dress in yellow , the royal color , and claim that they are defending King Bhumibol Adulyadej and the monarchy against the alleged disloyalty of Thaksin .
The Xserve can be used for a variety of applications , including file server , web server or even high-performance computing applications using clustering â '' a dedicated cluster Xserve , the Xserve Cluster Node , without a video card and optical drives was also available .
The 5th century is the period from 401 to 500 in accordance with the Julian calendar in Anno Domini\/Common Era .
The United Service Organizations Inc. -LRB- USO -RRB- is a private , nonprofit organization that provides morale and recreational services to members of the U.S. military , with programs in 140 centers worldwide .
Adam Crook - lead vocals -LRB- 1999-2002 -RRB-
It runs through Perth 's northern suburbs , mostly traversing the median strip of the Mitchell Freeway , and connects between Perth and Clarkson .
Hellenistic sculpture repeats the innovations of the '' second classicism '' : perfect sculpture-in-the-round , allowing the statue to be admired from all angles ; study of draping and effects of transparency of clothing ; suppleness of poses .
He formed and commanded an important revolutionary force , the Liberation Army of the South , during the Mexican Revolution .
Rikki-Tikki-Tavi is a short story in The Jungle Book -LRB- 1894 -RRB- by Rudyard Kipling about the adventures of a valiant young mongoose .
The musical film is a film genre in which several songs sung by the characters are interwoven into the narrative .
In dry air at , the speed of sound is .
The tramway today runs from Starr Gate in Blackpool to the Ferry Terminus in Fleetwood .
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine -LRB- ; -RRB- is Ukraine 's parliament .
The Secretary of Defense earns a salary of $ 191,300 per year .
In the far west of the National Park , the gibber plains are replaced by sandhills of the Strzelecki Desert .
The park is rich in marine life , including whale sharks , ocean sunfish , manta rays , eagle rays , pygmy seahorse , false pipefish , clown frogfish , nudibranchs , blue-ringed octopus , sponges , tunicates , and coral .
Located in one of the holiest sites in the old city of Damascus , it is of great architectural importance .
The Estádio Aderbal Ramos da Silva , usually called Estádio da Ressacada or just Ressacada , is a football stadium inaugurated on November 15 , 1983 in Carianos neighborhood , Florianópolis , Santa Catarina , with a maximum capacity of approximately 19,000 people .
Other uses of this term include :
For more details see : Northern Ireland Neighbourhood Information ServiceNorthern Ireland Neighbourhood Information Service website .
In 1980 he was elected as Mayor of Cagayan de Oro City in Misamis Oriental , ousted from the mayoral position by Marcos and reinstated after massive popular demonstrations in 1981 , and arrested again in 1982 and 1985 .
In common years January starts on the same day of the week as October , but no other month starts on the same day of the week as October in leap years as the month begins on the same day of the week as August of the previous year . October ends on the same day of the week as February every year and January in common years only .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers -LRB- ICANN , -RRB- is a non-profit corporation headquartered in Marina del Rey , California , United States that was created on September 18 , 1998 , and incorporated on September 30 , 1998California Secretary of State , Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers .
By sixteen , Hahn had completed the Curtis Institute 's university requirements , but elected to remain for several years to pursue elective courses , until her graduation in May 1999 with a Bachelor of Music degree .
Hurst was born in Lancashire , England , the eldest of three brothers .
Following this , she earned a Ph.D. at the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London in 1985 .
He also called it '' conventional and generally predictable '' with problems in pacing .
Constable 's watercolors were also remarkably free for their time : the almost mystical Stonehenge , 1835 , with its double rainbow , is often considered to be one of the greatest watercolors ever painted .
1922 & ndash ; Ulysses by James Joyce is published .
Young is the Cherry Capital Of Australia and every year hosts the National Cherry Festival .
It is the result of the deformation of spacetime caused by a very compact mass/O. .
The new king Leo II was known as a pious king , devoted to Christianity .
He is subsequently summoned before Archbishop of Canterbury , Simon of Sudbury , at the episcopal palace at Lambeth to defend his actions .
-LRB- See also : Data dependency -RRB- If we assume that each operation can be completed in one unit of time then these three instructions can be completed in a total of two units of time , giving an ILP of 3\/2 .
In 2002 , Dahlström acted as assistant director and Russian translator , alongside Show Me Love director Lukas Moodysson , with his film Lilya 4-ever .
In geometry , the tangent line -LRB- or simply the tangent -RRB- to a curve at a given point is the straight line that '' just touches '' the curve at that point -LRB- in the sense explained more precisely below -RRB- .
The Bir Tawil area came under Egyptian administration in 1902 , because it was grazing land of the Ababda tribe based near Aswan , Egypt .
Elba , Encyclopedia Britannica The island was then taken by force by the Etruscans first and -LRB- after 480 BC -RRB- by the Romans .
In addition to its civilian employees , NOAA research and operations are supported by 300 uniformed service members who make up the NOAA Commissioned Officer Corps .
The Teatro Colón -LRB- Spanish -RRB- -LRB- Columbus Theatre -RRB- is the main opera house in Buenos Aires , Argentina , considered one of the best five opera houses in the world .
It was endemic to Jamaica .
Like many Javanese people , he had only one name ; in religious contexts , he was occasionally referred to as ` Achmed Sukarno ' .
He held this position until 1978 when he stepped down to become undersecretary of the Smithsonian Institution .
This is an expensive commuter area and Hassocks is near the top end for property prices in the region , though it is not quite as expensive as neighbouring Ditchling and Hurstpierpoint .
The Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore is the cathedral church -LRB- Duomo -RRB- of Florence , Italy , begun in 1296 in the Gothic style to the design of Arnolfo di Cambio and completed structurally in 1436 with the dome engineered by Filippo Brunelleschi .
It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .
HMS Ocean , an active Helicopter Landing Platform of the Royal Navy , is Sunderland 's adopted ship .
Jermaine La Jaune Jackson -LRB- born December 11 , 1954 -RRB- is an American singer , bassist , composer , a member of The Jackson 5 , older brother of American pop stars Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson and occasional film director .
Zeta -LRB- letter -RRB- , the sixth letter of the Greek alphabet
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .
RÃ ikkÃ nen entered Formula One as a regular driver for Sauber-Petronas in .
The Library has grown , added and subtracted parts , nearly been destroyed , and moved from one end of the campus to the other in its 100 + year career .
Year 36 -LRB- XXXVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
It encompasses the combined area of Derbyshire , Leicestershire , Rutland , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire and most of Lincolnshire .
Brandon later spoke of the martial arts and self-knowledge : In 1992 , Lee landed the lead role of Eric Draven , in the movie adaptation of The Crow , a popular underground comic book .
The Kindle 2 features a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and 2 GB of internal memory of which 1.4 GB is user-accessible .
The values stored in memory locations labeled ` A ' and ` B ' are loaded -LRB- copied -RRB- into the R1 and R2 registers , then added , and the result -LRB- which is in register R3 -RRB- is stored in a memory location labeled ` C ' .
It also entered at number one on Billboards R&B \/O/ Hip-Hop Albums and Rap Albums chart . In its second week , the album dropped to number two on the Billboard 200 and sold 157,000 copies .
Cairon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Hugo Miguel Ferreira Gomes Viana -LRB- ; born 15 January 1983 in Barcelos -RRB- is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sporting de Braga as a central midfielder .
The couple had twelve children :
Silk is a natural protein fiber , some forms of which can be woven into textiles .
Werner Becker of the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics said in 2006 , '' The theory of how pulsars emit their radiation is still in its infancy , even after nearly forty years of work . ''
eMedicineTopic = 221
After his father was forced from office due to his opposition to the government appeasement policy towards the Jurchen in 1140 , Zhu Xi received instruction from his father at home .
The dress rehearsal is often the last set of rehearsals before the concert performance and falls at the end of technical week .
These qualities are indeed most noticeable when again compared with the German genius , excelling as it does in long , uninhibited outpourings , directly opposed to the French taste , which abhors overstatement and venerates concision and diversity .
Her mother died when she was still a little girl .
Domitian 's Dacian War , two punitive expeditions mounted as a border defense against raids of Moesia from Dacia in 86 & ndash ; 87 AD ordered by the Emperor Titus Flavius Domitianus against Dacia and the Dacian king Decebalus
Cara - Severin County has 2 municipalities , 6 towns and 69 communes
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
The host city selection was held in Birmingham , United Kingdom on June 15 , 1991 at the 97th IOC Session .
Well-known species of the Euphausiidae of commercial krill fisheries include Antarctic krill -LRB- Euphausia superba -RRB- , Pacific krill -LRB- Euphausia pacifica -RRB- and Northern krill -LRB- Meganyctiphanes norvegica -RRB- .
Whale -LRB- origin Old English h æl -RRB- is the common name for various marine mammals of the order Cetacea .
Pensacola Christian College -LRB- PCC -RRB- is an unaccredited , fundamentalist , Independent BaptistSoulforce Information on PCC PCC 's Articles of Faith college in Pensacola , Florida , founded in 1974 by Arlin Horton .
When sniffed , snuff often causes a sneeze .
Armistice Day was observed in New Zealand between the world wars , although it was always secondary to Anzac Day . As in other countries , New Zealand 's Armistice Day was converted to Remembrance Day after World War II , but this was not a success .
Montaudin is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The playing team consists of six field players and one goalkeeper with a maximum of six substitutes .
Two angles that sum to one right angle -LRB- 90 ° -RRB- are called complementary angles .
Henri Matisse -LRB- 31 December 1869 -- 3 November 1954 -RRB- was a French artist , known for his use of colour and his fluid , brilliant and original draughtsmanship .
The Socialist Party -LRB- Parti socialiste , PS -RRB- is the largest left-wing political party in France .
The club left Maine Road in May 2003 and relocated to the City of Manchester Stadium , with their old stadium being demolished in early 2004 .
Use only the following wiki syntax : Title The title is contained in double equals signs .
Seidl had worked as Wagner 's assistant , was famous for conducting Wagner 's music .
James Vernon Taylor -LRB- born March 12 , 1948 -RRB- is a Grammy Award winning American singer-songwriter and guitarist born in Boston , Massachusetts , and raised in Carrboro , North Carolina .
Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
There are various types of train designed for particular purposes .
Oconto Falls -LRB- town -RRB-
Other names include Cochito , Gulf of California Harbor Porpoise , Gulf of California Porpoise , Gulf Porpoise , Hafenschweinswal , and Marsouin du Golfe de Californie .
Jair da Costa -LRB- born in Osasco , São Paulo -RRB- 9 July 1940 -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer who played for Internazionale and was part of their European Cup victories in 1964 and 1965 .
Choking back tears , Clarkson performed the ballad '' A Moment Like This '' , the song written for the winner of American Idol , which would subsequently appear on her debut album , Thankful .
Before the days of cultured pearls , black pearls were rare and highly valued for the simple reason that white pearl oysters rarely produced naturally black pearls , and black pearl oysters rarely produced any natural pearls at all .
Likewise , in the UK , Australia , and New Zealand the term mainly refers to a colourless , carbonated , sweet soft drink containing either natural or artificial lemon flavor , such as Schweppes Lemonade .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 2002/2003 season was contested by 18 teams .
The latter were of Qahtani origin and spoke Yemeni-Arabic as well as Greek who protected the south-eastern frontiers of the Roman and Byzantine Empires in north Arabia .
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Banks Island is situated in the Inuvik Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
Slade trips and is caught in his own trap and drops his gun just out of reach .
The World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2007 p. 29 .
Takamoto was born on April 29 , 1925 in Los Angeles , California .
Eminem tells of how he has tried to overcome the troubles in his life from the past few years , mainly his drug addiction and rehabilitation .
Compared with most other classes of natural compounds , alkaloids are characterized by a great structural diversity and there is no uniform classification of alkaloids .
Although reluctant at first , Keenan agreed and , in 1990 , Tool was formed .
Vjekoslav LuburiÄ formed the Croatian National Resistance .
It was released on the same day as the CD-ROM Alive in the Superunknown .
Friedrich Wilhelm Karl was a StandartenfÃ 1\/4 hrer -LRB- Colonel -RRB- in the Waffen SS during World War II .
Saint-Vincent-du-Lorou ër is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
It is considered a defining novel of the alternate history sub-genre , and is the only Dick novel to win a Hugo Award .
7 seasons in Segunda División B
Also known as Hentchak , Henchak , Social-Democratic Hentchakists , Huntchakians , Hnchakian , Henchags , its name is taken from its newspaper Hunchak , meaning '' Clarion '' or '' Bell '' in English , and is taken by party members to represent '' a call or awakening , for enlightenment and freedom . ''
The Colosseum is today one of Rome 's most popular tourist attractions , receiving millions of visitors annually .
Early on May 29 , Tropical Depression One nearly attained tropical storm status , with intensity estimates using the Dvorak Technique reaching T2 .5 , or 40 mph -LRB- 65 km/h -RRB- ; however , the estimates were also as low as T1 .5 , leading to the intensity of the depression remaining at 35 mph -LRB- 55 km/h -RRB- .
Article content policies such as WP : Original Research generally do not , though would apply should the material be moved into the namespace .
; Hiro Yamamoto Active : 1984 â '' 1989 Instruments : bass Release contributions : Deep Six -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , Screaming Life -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , Fopp -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , Ultramega OK -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , Louder Than Love -LRB- 1989 -RRB- Hiro Yamamoto was a member of the original band formed in 1984 .
The Clyde Wind Farm is a proposed 548 megawatt -LRB- MW -RRB- wind farm near Abington in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Cozumel is a tourist destination for its balnearios , scuba diving , and snorkeling .
Prior to the privatisation of MTRC , MTR stations only had branches of the Hang Seng Bank , and Maxim 's Cakes stores , and a handful of other shops .
Setting Glamis is set in the broad and fertile lowland valley of Strathmore , near Forfar , county town of Angus , which lies between the Sidlaw Hills to the south and the Grampian Mountains to the north , approximately 20 kilometres inland from the North Sea .
Hammon -RRB- , was a deity in Egyptian mythology who in the form of Amun-Ra became the focus of the most complex system of theology in Ancient Egypt .
Early life and education Albert Einstein was born in Ulm , in the Kingdom of Württemberg in the German Empire on March 14 , 1879 .
Such accounts should be publicly connected to the main account or use an easily identified name .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
Mergoscia is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Historically , '' army ant '' referred , in the broad sense , to various members of 5 different ant subfamilies : in two of these cases , the Ponerinae and Myrmicinae , it is only a few species and genera that exhibit legionary behavior ; in the other three lineages , Ecitoninae , Dorylinae , and Leptanillinae , all of the constituent species are legionary .
During the night , as Burton and Jon went away from camp to talk about strategy , Sandra called Tijuana to come with her and listen to Burton and Jon 's strategic talk .
This is a popular color in both men 's and women 's fashion , for furniture and for linens .
Katharine Lee Bates was moved to write the words to the famous song '' America the Beautiful '' in July , 1893 , after having traveled to the top of Pikes Peak on a carriage ride .
After World War II , the number of students tripled as the institution became a major university .
The nave is generally considerably taller than the aisles , having clerestory windows which light the central space .
The 250 MB of internal memory in the Amazon Kindle 1 can hold approximately 200 non-illustrated titles , and the memory is expandable with an SD memory card .
By the late 19th century , caid was in steep decline and was threatened with extinction , spurring the formation of the GAA which published official rules for the game in 1887 also adopting aspects of the earlier codified sport - hurling .
BeurnevÃ sin is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates .
Leo van den Berg
Three of the seven charter members , Alabama -- Huntsville , Bemidji State , and Findlay , had recently moved up from Division II , while Air Force , Army , and Niagara were formerly independent .
Initially intelligence agents of the National Party met in secret with ANC leaders , including Nelson Mandela , to judge whether conflict resolution was possible .
The size of a litter averages three to five kittens , with the first litter usually smaller than subsequent litters .
On December 8 , 1967 , the California Seals were renamed the Oakland Seals before being renamed again to the California Golden Seals in 1970 .
The 1881 robbery of the Sexton Bank at Riverton was suspected to be the work of Jesse James , but it was soon determined to be the work of the outlaw Poke Wells .
Homo floresiensis -LRB- '' Flores Man '' ; nicknamed Hobbit -RRB- is a possible species in the genus Homo , remarkable for its small body and brain and for its survival until relatively recent times .
However it has had long-standing close relations with its other neighbors Afghanistan , Iran and China , extensive security and economic interests in the Persian Gulf and wide-ranging bilateral relations with the United States and other Western countries .
It was released in 1970 after Lennon issued three experimental albums with Yoko Ono and Live Peace In Toronto 1969 , a live performance in Toronto credited to The Plastic Ono Band .
David Sheepshanks is the joint-acting Chairman of The FA . He is best known for being the former chairman of Ipswich Town Football Club in the Football League Championship in England .
Heart of Neolithic Orkney refers to a group of Neolithic monuments found on the Mainland , one of the islands of Orkney , Scotland .
The earth went from the Oligocene Epoch through the Miocene and into the Pliocene as it cooled into a series of Ice Ages .
Although it is commonly believed that the genus was named by Georges Cuvier in 1825 , Cuvier spelled it Loxodonte .
They are a type of eccentric yogi in both Hinduism and Vajrayana Buddhism .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Rajanpur - Government of Pakistan It comprises an area of about 8-10 square kilometres and has a population of almost 1,20,000 .
The Zygnematacae are a family of filamentous or unicellular , uniseriate -LRB- unbranched -RRB- green algae .
He plays as a midfielder for Vissel Kobe .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae -LRB- tribe Periophthalmini -RRB- , within the family Gobiidae -LRB- Gobies -RRB- .
The maximum recorded wind was 50 mph -LRB- 80 km\/h -RRB- while the storm was at peak intensity , while the minimum recorded pressure was 995 mbar as Nicole was being absorbed by the extratropical storm .
The previous highest position Hull City had finished in the English Football League was third in the old second division in 1909 -- 10 , which they matched in 2007 -- 08 when they gained promotion .
Other attractions in Riverside include the Fox Performing Arts Center , Riverside Metropolitan Museum , which houses exhibits and artifacts of local history , the California Museum of Photography , the California Citrus State Historic Park , and the Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree , one of the two original orange trees in California .
She is a spokesperson for the Cool Kids Campaign , an organization that helps children with cancer .
NÃ don is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field -LRB- HUDF -RRB- is an image of a small region of space in the constellation Fornax , composited from Hubble Space Telescope data accumulated over a period from September 24 , 2003 through to January 16 , 2004 .
Torcé-en-Vallée is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Feed .
In other buildings , the fourth floor is sometimes labeled '' F '' -LRB- Four -RRB- instead of '' 4 '' in elevators .
Actor Emile Hirsch was cast as Speed , the hero of the animated series , and Christina Ricci portrays Speed 's girlfriend , Trixie .
Jand Khanzada is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil , and is located at 32 Â 55 ' 60N 73 Â 5 ' 60E .
His innovative views , energy and fluency in French won him -- and through him , Ireland -- a status in European affairs far exceeding the countryâ s size and ensured that the first Irish Presidency of the European Council in 1975 was a noted success .
She believes that her experience in the test , in which she risked having her jaws ripped apart , has made her a better person .
110-111 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
Woodward 's Wallaroo -LRB- Macropus bernardus -RRB- , also known as the Black Wallaroo and Bernard 's Wallaroo , is a species of macropod restricted to a small , mountainous area in Arnhem Land , Northern Territory , between South Alligator River and Nabarlek .
A carriage with its horse is a rig .
It is a picturesque small town in Upper Valais , situated at the foot of the northern slope of the Simplon Pass , on the right bank of the Saltine stream , and a little above its junction with the Rhone .
Antoine Dufour -LRB- born in L' Épiphanie , Quebec -RRB- is a French-Canadian acoustic guitarist currently signed to CandyRat Records .
Soldering is a process in which two or more metal items are joined together by melting and flowing a filler metal into the joint , the filler metal having a relatively low melting point .
Imaginary numbers can therefore be thought of as complex numbers where the real part is zero , and vice versa .
Undertaking activities that are not authorized by the status of entry -LRB- for example , working while possessing a non-worker tourist status -RRB- can result in the individual being deemed deportable -- commonly referred to as an illegal alien .
It has a similar , but lesser , effect to caffeine in the human nervous system , making it a lesser homolog .
Maschio played 12 games for the Argentina national football team between 1956 and 1957 , scoring 12 goals , he helped Argentina to win the Copa America 1957 , he was the top scorer in the tournament with 6 goals .
There had been several years of pressure from Germany and there were many supporters within Austria for the '' Heim ins Reich '' - movement , both Nazis and non-Nazis .
The car caught fire after the heavy impact , which in fact split the monocoque , but thanks to the quick work of the firefighters and medical personnel Berger survived and missed only one race -LRB- the 1989 Monaco Grand Prix -RRB- because of burns on his hands .
While some Vaccinium species , such as the Red Huckleberry , are always called huckleberries , other species may be called blueberries or huckleberries depending upon local custom .
At the time the crowns of Great Britain and Hannover were united under George II .
It made $ 92,977,226 in the United States and a total of $ 85 million in other countries for a grand total of $ 178 million internationally .
His play The Persians is a source of information about this period in Greek history .
Most members of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -LRB- Mormons -RRB- wear special temple garments after they have been endowed in a temple to help them remember the teachings of the temple .
The most comprehensive archaeological survey , using advanced technologies , has recently concluded that the entire Great Wall , with all of its branches , stretches for .
Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac , OM , FRS -LRB- ; 8 August 1902 -- 20 October 1984 -RRB- was a British theoretical physicist .
Subterrain -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB- , also as executive producer
Otto Meißner -LRB- 13 March 1880 , Bischwiller , Alsace -- 27 May 1953 , Munich -RRB- was head of the Office of the President of Germany during the entire period of the Weimar Republic under Friedrich Ebert and Paul von Hindenburg and , finally , at the beginning of the Nazi era under Adolf Hitler .
Saint-Denis is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris , France .
Cable news channels such as BBC News , Fox News , MSNBC , and CNN , are able to take advantage of a story , sacrificing other , decidedly less important stories , and giving as much detail about breaking news as possible .
In America , the Trafficking Victims Protection Act -LRB- TVPA -RRB- of 2000 extended servitude to cover peonage as well as Involuntary Servitude .
In that case , it is used as a catalyst to speed up a chemical reaction .
Pholcus phalangioides has the habit of shaking its web violently when disturbed .
In 1999 , Monroe was ranked as the sixth greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute .
Acanthomyops californicus -LRB- Wheeler , 1917 -RRB-
In the modern era , middleweight means that the fighter 's official weight does not exceed 160 pounds -LRB- 72.64 kg -RRB- .
Malthusianism refers to the political\/economic thought of Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus whose ideas were first developed during the industrial revolution .
Administratively , the Maluku Islands formed a single province from 1950 until 1999 .
Carloman II -LRB- c. 866 12 December 884 -RRB- , King of Western Francia , was the youngest son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde of Burgundy , and became king , jointly with his brother Louis III of France , on his father 's death in 879 .
Artery = anterior ethmoidalposterior ethmoidalsphenopalatinegreater palatinebranch of superior labial
Exposure to large amounts of naphthalene may damage or destroy red blood cells .
The process of glacier establishment , growth and flow is called glaciation .
REN21 -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- .
Ebba von Sydow -LRB- born February 18 , 1981 in Gothenburg , Sweden -RRB- is a Swedish journalist , TV personality , fashion blogger and author .
This feature can also be used to debug a machine whose operating system has crashed , and in some systems for remote-console operations .
Euler 's early formal education started in Basel , where he was sent to live with his maternal grandmother .
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB -LRB- operating as H&M -RRB- , is a Swedish clothing company , known for its fast fashion clothing offerings for women , men , teenagers and children .
kerfeldt stating he was having an anxiety attack and could not perform , forcing the band to cancel the show .
There are currently 79 Districts .
Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is the second borough of Berlin , formed in 2001 by merging the former East Berlin borough of Friedrichshain and the former West Berlin borough of Kreuzberg .
Camellias have a fast growth rate .
Henry was eventually crowned King of England at Westminster Abbey on 6 November 1429 , a month before his eighth birthday , and , in reaction to Charles VII Valois coronation in Reims cathedral on July 17 1429 , King of France at Notre Dame de Paris on 16 December 1431 .
Yuya Iwadate -LRB- born 25 May 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player , who currently plays for TTM Phichit F.C. .
He occasionally fills in at full back for Arsenal and played several games in central midfield while on loan to Birmingham City .
1963 & ndash ; The Hotline between the leaders of the U.S.A. and the Soviet Union goes into operation .
It is now divided into the council areas of Falkirk , Stirling , and Clackmannanshire , which had previously been districts within Central .
Of them , Coburg , RÃ mhild and Eisenberg did not survive over that one generation and were divided between the four persevering lines .
These were later supplemented by a number of cars of 1972 Mark I Tube Stock converted to be compatible with the 1967 stock .
Pig is a simple folk jeopardy dice game first described in print by John Scarne in 1945 .
The ancient falaj system of irrigation is still in use in some areas ; this system distributes underground water by a network of tunnels which emerge eventually into open channels whose flow can be directed and regulated .
Like other marsupials in the macropod family -LRB- such as the kangaroos and wallabies -RRB- , the Quokka is herbivorous and mainly nocturnal .
Serbia , Montenegro and Romania become completely independent of the Ottoman empire .
La Garnache is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Joscius becomes Archbishop of Tyre .
' is the provisional designation of an unconfirmed object seen orbiting Saturn within the inner strand of the F ring on June 21 , 2004 .
Aventura is located at .
Pleasureville is in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky .
, Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library
Hundreds of letters poured in that were characterized by , as Jackson put it , '' bewilderment , speculation and old-fashioned abuse . ''
The Finke River was named by John McDouall Stuart in 1860 after an Adelaide man , William Finke , who was one of the promoters of his expedition .
The first suggestion for a name came from Galle , who proposed the name Janus .
According to a stand up video posted on YouTube.com , Mandel mentions that they are working on new episodes .
Pot Noodle is a brand of ramen-style instant noodle snack foods , available in a wide selection of flavors and varieties .
Those peoples inhabited the Eastern , Central and Southern part of the Balkan peninsula , as well as the adjacent parts of Central-Eastern Europe .
Project Sourceberg started officially when it received its own temporary URL on November 24 , 2003 ; all texts and discussions were moved there from ps.wikipedia.org .
After the People Power Revolution , he was appointed by President Corazon Aquino as Minister of Local Government and Presidential advisor/chief negotiator with the Muslim insurgents in Mindanao .
He raised the orchestra to a virtuosic level before leaving in 1891 to found the Chicago Symphony , taking 13 Philharmonic musicians with him .
1066 & ndash ; Harold Godwinson is crowned King of England .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle which includes a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands lives and works in The Hague .
Ã lisabeth was able to leave Spain in 1748 . In the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle -LRB- 1748 -RRB- which ended the War of the Austrian Succession , Holy Roman Empress Maria Theresa had to cede the duchies of Parma , Piacenza and Guastalla to her enemy , Philip V of Spain .
The term '' legislation '' is sometimes used to include these situations , or the term '' primary legislation '' may be used to exclude these other forms .
; Read-after-write -LRB- RAW -RRB- : A read from a register or memory location must return the value placed there by the last write in program order , not some other write .
They were the second variety of British Rail 's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs , which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five classes -LRB- Class 313/314/315 / 507/508 -RRB- .
In the first Constitution of 1958 , Malagasy and French were named the official languages of the Malagasy Republic .
Corn is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France .
Dasyatis
Diabetes and its treatments can cause many complications .
In 1910 , Colonel Charles W. Harris , head of the Arizona National Guard , designed a flag for the Arizona Rifle Team when they attended the National Matches at Camp Perry .
Dexter is an American television drama series that centers on Dexter Morgan -LRB- Michael C. Hall -RRB- , a forensic bloodstain pattern analyst for the Miami Metro Police Department who moonlights as a serial killer .
Iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to My Chemical Romance and the other bands signed to his label .
Hary is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Wanderers are five-time Stanley Cup winners .
The first man to witness a live cell under a microscope was Anton van Leeuwenhoek -LRB- although the first man to make a compound microscope was Zacharias Janssen -RRB- , who in 1674 described the algae Spirogyra and named the moving organisms animalcules , meaning '' little animals '' .
He is buried where he died which was in his wife Aisha 's house and is now housed within the Mosque of the Prophet in Medina .
Passenger services ceased on October 1 , 1909 , but were reinstated for the benefit of munitions workers between March 1 , 1915 and July 1 , 1919 .
Having won everything on the Junior level , Asada moved to the senior level for the 2005 â '' 2006 season and competed on the Grand Prix circuit . This choice was made knowing that Asada would not be eligible to compete at the 2006 Winter Olympics , because the age standards for the Olympic and ISU championship competitions were different from those for the Grand Prix .
Sonneberg is a city in Thuringia , Germany , which is seat of the district Sonneberg .
Côte - Nord -LRB- French for '' North Shore '' , area 247,627.06 km , or 95,609.34 sq mi -RRB- is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec , Canada , after Nord-du-Qu ébec .
It is located above the town of Melk on a rocky outcrop overlooking the river Danube in Lower Austria , adjoining the Wachau valley .
The '' Greater Antilles '' refers to Cuba , Jamaica , Hispaniola -LRB- Haiti and the Dominican Republic -RRB- , and Puerto Rico .
On October 2 , 2009 , the International Olympic Committee selected Rio de Janeiro to host the 2016 Summer Olympic Games .
Galileo initially called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera -LRB- '' Cosimo 's stars '' -RRB- , in honor of Cosimo II de ' Medici -LRB- 1590 â '' 1621 -RRB- .
The upper side of the wings is black with one row of red crescents along the hind wing margin .
A veritable epidemic of vampirism swept through Eastern Europe beginning in the late 17th century and continuing through the 1700s .
Football Club Unione Venezia -LRB- formerly Società Sportiva Calcio Venezia -RRB- , commonly referred to as simply Venezia , is an Italian football club from Venice , Veneto .
Excerpt : '' One of the key figures whose views came under attack was the Persian philosopher and scientist Ibn Sina -LRB- also known as Avicenna ; 980-1037 -RRB- '' '' G -RRB- David Edward Cooper , Jitendranath Mohanty , Ernest Sosa , '' Epistemology : the classic readings '' , Wiley-Blackwell , 1999 .
570 and 510 million years ago -LRB- Ma -RRB- , joining East Gondwana to West Gondwana .
The other reason was the failure of the Goulding leadership to provide for the defense of nationalist areas .
The Bretons are an ethnic group located in the region of Brittany in France .
Corbehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In Finnish stories though , they are more often referred to as giants who built several castles and lived in various regions of Finland .
Giardia lamblia -LRB- synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis -RRB- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
Lilo & Stitch : The Series is the animated television spinoff of the feature film , Lilo & Stitch and the follow up to Stitch !
Captain America : The First Avenger is an upcoming 2011 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America .
Saint-M Ã dard-d ` Eyrans is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Some euphemisms are intended to amuse .
Live USBs are closely related to live CDs , but sometimes have the ability to save settings and permanently install software packages back onto the USB device .
Australia has three standard time zones from GMT : western -LRB- UTC +08 -RRB- , central -LRB- -RRB- and eastern -LRB- UTC +10 -RRB- .
Saint-Loup-du-Gast is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Together they formed Enon .
Wuthering Heights is Emily Brontë 's only novel .
In the episode , Homer tells Moe Szyslak of a secret alcoholic cocktail that includes cough syrup and fire that he calls '' Flaming Homer '' .
Canonically it is a continuation of the original Cinderella , rather than Cinderella II : Dreams Come True , though due to its unusual chronological sequencing it acknowledges the events of ' by using some of its characters .
In a genetic algorithm , a population of strings -LRB- called chromosomes or the genotype of the genome -RRB- , which encode candidate solutions -LRB- called individuals , creatures , or phenotypes -RRB- to an optimization problem , evolves toward better solutions .
Toscanini was the first non-German conductor to appear at Bayreuth -LRB- 1930 â '' 1931 -RRB- , and the New York Philharmonic was the first non-German orchestra to play there .
The doctrine was conceived by its authors , especially John Quincy Adams , as a proclamation by the States of moral opposition to colonialism , but has subsequently been re-interpreted in a wide variety of ways , including by President Theodore Roosevelt as a license for the U.S. to practice its own form of colonialism -LRB- known as the Roosevelt Corollary to the Monroe Doctrine . -RRB-
Billy Graham has conducted many evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
Fontane 's books about Britain include Ein Sommer in London -LRB- 1854 -RRB- , Aus England , Studien und Briefe -LRB- 1860 -RRB- and Jenseits des Tweed , Bilder und Briefe aus Schottland -LRB- 1860 -RRB- .
It is the first game in the Mega Man X series .
Goebel was known as the '' Quad King '' because of his ability to land quadruple jumps .
Since bursting onto the international stage at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , he has become well-known for his knack of scoring headers and his front-flip goal celebration routine .
The cemetery was dedicated on November 19 , 1863 .
Baldheri is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , Administrative Units of District Abbottabad the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
In these clinics , the injury or illness may not be serious enough to warrant a visit to an emergency room , but the person can be moved to one if required .
Department of Statistics
The Pennine Alps -LRB- also : Valais Alps -RRB- are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps .
Between 1936 and 1945 it was called Saarlautern , when the Nazi government attempted to conceal the name 's French origin .
They are often used to create separation or merge lanes during road construction projects or automobile accidents , although heavier , more permanent markers or signs are used if the diversion is to stay in place for a long period of time .
All of the radioactive bromine isotopes are relatively short lived .
He subsequently developed multiple organ failure and died at 7:50 a.m. on December 26 at the age of 88 .
Lorsch is a town in the Bergstraße district in Hesse , Germany , 60 km south of Frankfurt .
Rhode Island was the first of the thirteen colonies to renounce its allegiance to the British Crown , on May 4 , 1776 . It was also the last colony of the thirteen colonies to ratify the United States Constitution on May 29 , 1790 , once assurances were made that a Bill of Rights would become part of the Constitution .
Kenneth Wayne Shamrock -LRB- born Kenneth Wayne Kilpatrick ; February 11 , 1964 -RRB- is an American mixed martial arts -LRB- MMA -RRB- fighter , a UFC Hall of Famer and also a professional wrestler .
A finger is a type of digit , an organ of manipulation and sensation found in the hands of humans and other primates .
The only town of any size is Kaunakakai , which is also the chief port on the island .
By 1930 , the book A Dictionary of Color identified three major shades of lavenderâ '' -LRB- floral -RRB- lavender , lavender gray , and lavender blue , and in addition a fourth shade of lavender called old lavender -LRB- a dark lavender gray -RRB- -LRB- all four of these shades of lavender are shown below -RRB- .
The Complutense University of Madrid -LRB- , UCM -RRB- is among the oldest universities in the world and is the top public university in Spain .
The early era of space exploration was driven by a '' Space Race '' between the Soviet Union and the United States ; the launch of the first man-made object to orbit the Earth , the USSR 's Sputnik 1 , on October 4 , 1957 , and the first Moon landing by the American Apollo 11 craft on July 20 , 1969 are often taken as the boundaries for this initial period .
The tehsil Chaubara is almost barren and consists of forest and sand dunes .
For example , the pasteurization standards for cream differ from the standards for fluid milk , and the standards for pasteurizing cheese are designed to preserve the phosphatase enzyme , which aids in cutting .
His first film productions were for German television , and it was during his work on the popular German Tatort -LRB- Crime Scene -RRB- TV series that he first met and worked with the actor Jürgen Prochnow -- who would later appear as the U-boat captain in Petersen 's famous Das Boot .
Carlos AntÃ nio Dobbert de Carvalho Leite , best known as Carvalho Leite -LRB- June 25 , 1912 -- July 19 , 2004 -RRB- was a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player who played as a striker .
More than two thirds of palm species live in tropical forests , where some species grow tall enough to form part of the canopy and shorter ones form part of the understory .
This is the form used by 66 counties .
Region is most commonly a geographical term that is used in various ways among the different branches of geography .
A drawback to the small size is that they are easily misplaced , left behind , or otherwise lost .
Isbergues is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although dissimilar in overall appearance , gophers have been united with kangaroo rats into a common superfamily for a considerable period of time .
August 15 -- Anthony of Padua , Portuguese preacher and saint -LRB- d. 1231 -RRB-
December 10 & ndash ; Johannes Stöffler , German mathematician -LRB- d. 1531 -RRB-
The Albion Hotel , once a Cobb and Co. stage coach stop , has tunnels situated underneath which were used during the gold rush to convey gold and money to and from the banks to minimize the chance of theft .
As the tip of the tube reaches a synergid , it bursts and releases two sperm cells leading to a double fertilization .
Book of Wisdom or Wisdom of Solomon or simply Wisdom is one of the deuterocanonical books of the Bible .
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong to the same dynamic cluster as Sycorax and Prospero , suggesting common origin .
The population of Gbangbatoke is predominantly from the Mede ethnic group and the Mende language is widely spoken .
Barbara Pierce Bush -LRB- born November 25 , 1981 ; Dallas , Texas -RRB- is the elder of the fraternal twin daughters -LRB- the other is Jenna Hager , née Bush -RRB- of the 43rd U.S. President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush , and the granddaughter of the 41st U.S. President George H. W. Bush .
-- -RRB-
There is also a Police Station .
Wheaton College was founded in 1860 .
His campaigns of reconquest culminated in the Battle of Kadesh , where he led Egyptian armies against those of the Hittite king Muwatalli II and was caught in history 's first recorded military ambush , but thanks to the arrival of the Ne ` arin , Ramesses was able to rally his troops and turn the tide of battle against the Hittites .
Ghoul is a monster that was used to frighten little children in the old times , so here the ghoul is used to frighten not only little children , but adults as well .
Play-by-play and color commentary is provided by Tom Hammond and Cris Collinsworth , respectively .
The American Naturalist 74:54 -- 66 This work continued with the 1947 paper '' Types of polyploids : their classification and significance '' , which detailed a system for the classification of polyploids and described Stebbins ' ideas about the role of paleopolyploidy in angiosperm evolution , where he argued that chromosome number may be a useful tool for the construction of phylogenies .
During a match between Buff Bagwell and Booker T for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship , WWF wrestlers Kurt Angle and WWF Champion Stone Cold Steve Austin interfered in retaliation by beating Booker T up , with Bagwell joining Angle and Austin by attacking Booker T/PERSON. This match did not go over well at all with the audience in attendance at the Tacomadome .
Ch Line
The inflammation may be caused by infection with viruses , bacteria , or other microorganisms , and less commonly by certain drugs .
R.N. Stromberg - 1968
He returned to Germany in 1947 to perform with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra under the baton of conductor Wilhelm Furtwängler as an act of reconciliation , becoming the first Jewish musician to do so following the Holocaust .
As of 2010 , 10 members are active , due to Han Geng 's lawsuit with SM Entertainment , Kangin 's leave of absence for mandatory military service and Kibum 's pursuit of an acting career .
Total Drama World Tour -LRB- formerly known as Total Drama , the Musical -RRB- is the third season of the Total Drama series that began with Total Drama Island and Total Drama Action .
Student fares are the same as child and elderly fare on the urban lines , but are the same as the Adult fares for journeys to or from checkpoint terminuses , and range from HK$ 1.40 to $ 39.40 .
John of Gaunt died in 1399 . Without explanation , Richard canceled the legal documents that would have allowed Henry to inherit Gaunt 's land automatically .
If the lead jammer does not call off the jam -LRB- or if there is no lead jammer -RRB- , the jam runs for two minutes .
On September 7 , 1949 he was elected as the first president of the federal Bundesrat of Germany .
In 2005 , Iberia introduced its new Business Plus Class on its Airbus A340 aircraft .
NHC Luis report Much of the islands experienced power outages and disrupted water systems .
Erik Olof Mellberg was born in Gullspång , Sweden on September 3 , 1977 to parents Berit and Erik .
Cable modems are primarily used to deliver broadband Internet access in the form of cable Internet , taking advantage of the high bandwidth of a HFC and RFoG network .
Fritz Leiber 's Swords of Lankhmar was also influenced by Jurgen .
According to Williams , the name '' Paramore '' came from the maiden name of the mother of one of their first bass players .
Green Bay Packers -LRB- - -RRB- -LRB- Head coach -RRB-
The '' characters '' in the keystream can be bits , bytes , numbers or actual characters like A-Z depending on the usage case .
Idomeneo presents Idamante and his bride as the new rulers .
Later during the 80 's , the added names were made a permanent part of the Eastern Pacific lists , and other names were added for even-numbered years .
In 1912 he entered the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design , where he studied under Jo Davidson , Elie Nadelman , John Gregory and others .
The depression developed quickly before making landfall on YucatÃ n Peninsula early on July 4 with 35 mph -LRB- 55 km\/h -RRB- winds and began to lose its circulation overland .
Modern , Internet-wide , GUI-based messaging clients as they are known today , began to take off in the mid 1990s with PowWow , ICQ , and AOL Instant Messenger .
About 700 prisoners attempted to escape from the Auschwitz camps during the years of their operation , of which about 300 were successful .
Hungary and Austria maintained separate parliaments , each with its own prime minister .
The earliest predecessors of the game originated in India , prior to the 6th century AD .
After a stellar career in the Western Hockey League with the Brandon Wheat Kings and Portland Winter Hawks , Agnew turned pro and signed with the Canucks in 1986 .
His '' Reply to Hayne '' in 1830 was generally regarded as '' the most eloquent speech ever delivered in Congress . ''
The other way is to combine the many disparate protocols inside the IM server application .
The first single could be a radio promotion that ends up being part of an EPK .
Mary Lyon , pioneer of women 's education Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters , Danish-born astronomer ; working at Litchfield Observatory , Hamilton College , he discovered 48 asteroids .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
Organic farming relies on soil health and cycling of nutrients through the soil using natural processes .
Toward the end of his career , he played about 2,000 innings at third base and about 1,175 innings in the outfield , excelling at both .
In 1989 , Schumacher signed with Willi Weber 's WTS Formula 3 team .
Whelk or welk is a common name used for some sea snails .
An early Bronze Age culture in the area is the Kura-Araxes culture , assigned to the period of ca .
Jon Stevens Corzine -LRB- born January 1 , 1947 -RRB- is a financial executive and a former American politician , who served as the 54th Governor of New Jersey from 2006 to 2010 .
England might have become a more '' Puritan absolute monarchy '' , as '' existed in Sweden , Denmark , Saxony , and Prussia in the seventeenth century '' , rather than following the path of parliamentary and civil reform that it did .
About 100 local bus routes move people around within Queens , and another 15 express routes shuttle commuters between Queens and Manhattan , under the MTA New York City Bus and MTA Bus brands .
The first illustrated edition -LRB- not the original edition which had no illustrations -RRB- was published by Hetzel and contains a number of illustrations by Alphonse de Neuville and Édouard Riou .
By the 1970s the National Parks and Wildlife Service began managing the site .
A Treatise of Human Nature : Being an Attempt to introduce the experimental Method of Reasoning into Moral Subjects .
It first came to power in 1860 with the election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency and oversaw the American Civil War and Reconstruction .
Eventually all three presidency armies were merged into the Indian Army .
The satellite 's provisional designation is S/2006 -LRB- 624 -RRB- 1 .
The nave is generally considerably taller than the aisles , having clerestory windows which light the central space .
It might also be described as light purple .
The combination of any two primary colors creates a secondary color .
Elive utilizes UnionFS , which allows users to install software packages using Synaptic Package Manager and/or APT , while the user 's computer is running from the Live CD .
Takht-e-Nasarati is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Karak District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
'' Our Time Now '' - 2:50
Transposition can create phenotypically significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
Comet is an electrical retailer in the United Kingdom , which is owned by Kesa Electricals plc after the demerger of Kingfisher plc. .
Johan Micoud -LRB- born 24 July 1973 -RRB- is a retired French footballer , who played mostly as an attacking midfielder .
During peacetime the Federal Minister of Defence is the Commander-in-Chief of the Bundeswehr , the German armed forces , with around 253,430 active personnel , while in wartime the Chancellor becomes Commander-in-Chief .
Another match on the card was the Money in the Bank ladder match between Chris Jericho , Christian , Chris Benoit , Edge , Kane , and Shelton Benjamin .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1924/1925 season .
Before 1983 , Dutch Crown Princesses did not receive the title , as it was reserved for ` the eldest son of the King ' -LRB- and for his wife -RRB- .
The Cold War -LRB- , 1945 -- 1991 -RRB- was the continuing state of political conflict , military tension , proxy wars , and propaganda campaigns between two camps , the Soviet Union and its satellite states , and United States and its allies .
Michelangelo began working on it three decades after finishing the ceiling of the chapel .
The lake is situated in Germany , Switzerland and Austria near the Alps .
With microeconomics , macroeconomics is one of the two most general fields in economics .
the classical or Maxwell-Boltzmann ideal gas ,
Lassalle believed that the liberal politician Hermann Schulze-Delitzsch 's co-operative schemes on the principle of self-help were utterly inadequate to improve the condition of the working classes .
Kazuaki Kamizono -LRB- born January 28 , 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Lisbon becomes the capital of the Kingdom of Portugal .
Krissi Murison was named the magazine 's eleventh editor on 29 July 2009 .
It is commonly used in cooking , cosmetics , pharmaceuticals , and soaps and as a fuel for traditional oil lamps .
He was among the first poets in the United States to explore traditional Japanese poetic forms such as haiku .
All members of the group are now deceased -LRB- the latest being Ollie Johnston , who died in 2008 -RRB- .
Conversely , some Evangelicals reject the label fundamentalist , believing it to describe a theological position that they consider too extreme and legalistic .
In 1810 , a princess of Saxe-Hildburghausen , Therese , was married to Crown Prince Ludwig of Bavaria , who became king of Bavaria 15 years later ; this event is the reason for the Oktoberfest , held annually in Munich .
She graduated from the Institute of Notre Dame , a Catholic all-girls high school in Baltimore , and from Trinity College -LRB- now Trinity Washington University -RRB- in Washington , D.C. , in 1962 with a B.A. in political science .
The original version instead began with the introduction of Kriemhild , the protagonist of the work .
The two initial tribes were Chuay Gahn -LRB- Thai : '' to help one another '' -RRB- and Sook Jai -LRB- '' happy heart '' -RRB- .
Cancer is included in the differential diagnosis -LRB- elucidated by biopsy -RRB- , Helicobacter pylori as the etiological factor making it 3 to 6 times more likely to develop stomach cancer from the ulcer .
Pont - Ã - Celles is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Bratz Kidz , the '' kid '' equivalent of the teenaged Bratz dolls , were introduced in 2006 . The dolls were 6 '' tall and thus , shorter than the regular Bratz .
WCW 's sharp decline in revenue and ratings led to Time Warner 's sale of the company to the WWF in 2001 .
It is found in India , Pakistan , possibly Bhutan , and possibly Nepal .
The Bulgarian region of Dobrudzha is divided between the administrative regions of Dobrich and Silistra .
The School is named after the late Dr Wee Kim Wee , a former President of Singapore who was a highly-respected journalist and diplomat .
Hatchlings attach themselves to their mothers ' milk areolae , a specialised patch on the skin that secretes milk -LRB- monotremes lack nipples -RRB- .
Conchy-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On April 22 , 2007 , Bishara resigned from the Knesset via the Israeli Embassy in Cairo , following a police investigation into his foreign contacts , and accusations of aiding the enemy during wartime , passing information on to the enemy and contacts with a foreign agent , as well as laundering money received from foreign sources .
The Four State Area is a term used to describe the four corner region of Arkansas , Kansas , Missouri and Oklahoma with the Tulsa , Oklahoma Joplin , Missouri and Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers , Arkansas metropolitan areas included within .
The Britannicas articles are found in the Micro - and MacropÃ dia , which encompass 12 and 17 volumes , respectively , each volume having roughly one thousand pages .
Dhoular is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , and is part of Talagang Tehsil .
The song also appeared in Thrillville : Off the Rails .
Mount Takao is a mountain in the city of HachiÅ ji , Tokyo , Japan . It is protected within Meiji no Mori Takao Quasi-National Park .
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
The best known is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient , which is obtained by dividing the covariance of the two variables by the product of their standard deviations .
Protoclepsydrops lived slightly earlier than Archaeothyris .
Barium hydroxide presents the same hazards as other strong bases and as other water-soluble barium compounds : it is corrosive and toxic .
On April 6 , 2007 , the project development team announced the results of their settlement with AOL , which included a series of name changes : Gaim became Pidgin , libgaim became libpurple , and gaim-text became finch .
Critics note their music video for '' The Ghost of You '' , and the increase in amount of cosmetics the group uses when performing as evidence of this shift .
February 29 is a date that usually occurs every four years , and is called leap day .
It is also the westernmost county on Long Island .
Saglio , '' Glirarium '' .
Daniel Robert '' Danny '' Elfman -LRB- born May 29 , 1953 -RRB- is an American musician , best known for composing music for television and movies and leading the rock band Oingo Boingo as singer\/songwriter from 1976 until its breakup in 1995 .
According to The Sunday Times Rich List he is worth # 70 million .
The motivations for and implications of these behaviors have yet to be fully understood , since most species have yet to be fully studied .
He writes to ask her to undo the spell , but she misinterprets the letter as a proposal to her daughter .
In 1999 in Tales of the LNH # 370 , Panta was retconned out of existence , sacrificing herself to save the Looniverse from the Collector .
The city is home to Connecticut College , Mitchell College , the United States Coast Guard Academy , and The Williams School .
The 1890 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and the first half of fall in 1890 .
According to the websites belonging to Wickett and John Taylor , respectively , Wickett co-wrote an early version of the song that came to be known as '' Rio '' .
The invasion ultimately fails , and only Aang and the rest of the young ones are able to escape .
Computer architecture is the combination of microarchitecture and instruction set design .
A study of three tokens of carpal -LRB- wrist -RRB- bones concluded there were similarities to the carpal bones of a chimpanzee or an early hominin such as Australopithecus and also differences from the bones of modern humans .
Strictly speaking in many jurisdictions no formalities are necessary to start an association .
He is often credited as being the first Western painter to paint landscapes for their own sake , rather than as a backdrop for history painting .
Rock flour , or glacial flour , consists of fine-grained , silt-sized particles of rock , generated by mechanical grinding of bedrock by glacial erosion or by artificial grinding to a similar size .
In January and February 2008 , many explicit photos were found online involving Cecilia Cheung and Edison Chen .
It is the biggest town of the Spi region and the tenth largest city in Slovakia with a population of approximately 55,000 .
It can be classified into Indo-European , Indo-Iranian , Indo-Aryan , Northwestern zone , Lahnda .
Billabongs appear relatively often in Australian literature .
He is the author of the book The Grammarian 's Desk , published in 1996 by the Klingon Language Institute , a collection of the columns he wrote for the Institute 's scholarly journal HolQeD .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
It will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 400,000 tonnes per year , and will also aid in reducing salinity and create jobs during manufacture , construction and operation .
He raced the # 34 Ford Thunderbird for Cicci-Welliver Racing , finishing 37th .
He is famous for his Description of Greece -LRB- -RRB- , a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from firsthand observations , and is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
The functional unit writes the results back to the register file .
The Adrar des Ifoghas is a sandstone massif in Mali 's Kidal Region , having an area of about 250,000 kmÂ .
In 2004 , Belbin and Agosto won the U.S. Championship and repeated four times .
Don Carlos -LRB- 1788 & ndash ; 1855 -RRB- , Infante Carlos , Count of Molina
Antonio Pappano -LRB- born 30 December 1959 , Epping , England -RRB- is a British conductor and pianist of Italian parentage . Pappano 's family relocated to England from Castelfranco in Miscano near Benevento , Italy in 1958 and at the time of his birth his parents worked in the restaurant business , but Pasquale Pappano , his father , was by vocation a singing teacher .
Some people argue that lifts began as simple rope or chain hoists -LRB- see Traction elevators below -RRB- .
A veteran -LRB- from Latin vetus , meaning '' old '' -RRB- is a person who has had long service or experience in a particular occupation or field ; '' A veteran of ... '' .
Its boundaries would be surrounded by the borders of the United States , covering thousands of square miles in North Dakota , South Dakota , Nebraska , Wyoming , and Montana .
The language is one of the six official languages of the United Nations .
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle , Washington , USA .
January 1 -- Gulf Cooperation Council -LRB- GCC -RRB- countries to establish and introduce monetary union .
A schism -LRB- or -RRB- , from Greek , skhísma -LRB- from , skhíz , '' to tear , to split '' -RRB- , is a split or division between people , usually belonging to an organization or movement .
Releases The project released the first beta of 64 Studio , version 0.9.0 code-named ` Toe Rag ' , on August 1 , 2006 .
Chase 's main other major film and TV credits between 2000 and 2005 were the cult film Donnie Darko -LRB- 2001 -RRB- as Donnie 's younger sister , Samantha , and Oliver Beene -LRB- 2003 â '' 2004 -RRB- , as Oliver 's quirky girlfriend Joyce .
Stites is a city in Idaho County , Idaho , United States .
A former fishing village , it was one of the first towns on Bali to see substantial tourist development , and as a beach resort remains one of Indonesia 's major tourist destinations .
The highest seasonal average at the stadium since Ipswich turned professional was 26,431 in the 1976 -- 77 season while Ipswich were playing in the First Division .
There are two separate but closely related fields to which the name ` magnetic field ' can refer : a magnetic field and a magnetic field .
It is a main group metal in group 14 of the periodic table .
Des Moines -LRB- -RRB- is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Buironfosse is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
For example , for all subpages of User : Example , type User : Example \/O/ in the input box and hit Go :
February 3 & ndash ; Shogun Tokugawa Yoshinobu abdicates , and the late Emperor K mei 's son , Prince Mutsuhito becomes Emperor Meiji of Japan , ending the Late Tokugawa shogunate .
Members of the Assembly are elected by citizens every five years by universal suffrage .
Since its formation , the band 's line-up has included Dexter Holland -LRB- lead vocals , guitar -RRB- , Noodles -LRB- lead and rhythm guitars , backing vocals -RRB- , and Greg K. -LRB- bass , backing vocals -RRB- .
Lignereuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In America , you are not allowed to shout '' fire '' in a crowded theater if there is no fire , because this might cause people to panic .
They possess bushy tails , non-retractile claws , and , excepting the African Wild Dog -LRB- Lycaon pictus -RRB- , a dewclaw on the front feet .
Reedy Creek Observatory is the location for observations of Near-Earth objects by John Broughton , an Australian astronomer .
Among a crowd , Wozzeck sees Marie dancing with the Drum-major .
Chelers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He previously played shortstop for the Seattle Mariners and the Texas Rangers .
On 23 May 1979 , Carstens was elected as the fifth President of the Federal Republic of Germany .
The capital of the voivodeship is the national capital , Warsaw .
Saint-Denis-d ` Orques is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
He currently plays for Montedio Yamagata .
Jorge Otero Bouzas -LRB- born January 28 , 1969 in NigrÃ n , Pontevedra , Galicia -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , in the defender role .
Károlyi , Otto -LRB-/O1965/O-RRB- , Introducing Music , p. 63 .
They were first sighted on 12 February 1619 by Marco Ramirez of the Garcia de Nodal expedition , and named after the cosmographer of the expedition , Diego Ramírez .
Hafizullah Amin -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- August 1 , 1929 -- December 27 , 1979 -RRB- was the second President of Afghanistan during the period of the communist Democratic Republic of Afghanistan .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from November 26 , 1834 to March 4 , 1837 .
Hans Christian Andersen was born in the town of Odense , Denmark , on Tuesday , April 2 , 1805 .
Citizendium -LRB- '' the citizens ' compendium of everything '' ; -RRB- is an English-language wiki-based free encyclopedia project launched by Larry Sanger , who co-founded Wikipedia in 2001 .
MTV -LRB- originally MTV : Music Television -RRB- is an American network based in New York City that launched on August 1 , 1981 .
The island groups that make up French Polynesia were not officially united until the establishment of the French protectorate in 1889 .
The song is part of the B-side medley .
Another important pioneer was Hungarian physician Ignaz Semmelweis , who in 1847 brought down infant mortality at a Vienna hospital by instituting a disinfection procedure .
While the band has been called the principal architects of Southern rock , Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee page for the Allman Brothers Band .
The stage from Milan to Split , passing through Trieste and Fiume , met with no problems .
Garage rock is a raw form of rock and roll that was first popular in the United States and Canada from about 1963 to 1967 .
After 1918 , the term was used for the paramilitary organizations that sprang up around Germany as soldiers returned in defeat from World War I . They were the key Weimar paramilitary groups active during that time .
Gwadar Bay is located in the Gulf of Oman on the maritime border of Pakistan and Iran .
The present-day MoÅ ovce can be characterized as an important tourist area with many sights .
WHSV-TV , channel 3 -LRB- digital 49 -RRB- , is an ABC affiliate television station for the Harrisonburg , Virginia , market .
A shadowy figure , Nyx stood at or near the beginning of creation , and was the mother of personified gods such as Hypnos -LRB- sleep -RRB- and Thánatos -LRB- death -RRB- .
John Belushi 's brother , James Belushi , toured with the band for a short time as '' Zee Blues , '' and recorded the album , Blues Brothers & Friends : Live from House of Blues , with Dan Aykroyd , but he did not appear in Blues Brothers 2000 .
Fontaine , having been cornered , injects himself with vast amounts of ADAM and becomes an inhuman monster .
The 1932 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the X Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1932 in Los Angeles , California , United States .
He is known for his energy and tireless runs , hence his nickname Furia Ceca -LRB- '' The Czech Fury '' , an Italian wordplay with Furia Cieca meaning '' Blind Fury '' instead -RRB- amongst Juve fans , as well as his goal scoring ability .
Even where there is a commonly used calendar such as the Gregorian calendar , alternate calendars may also be used , such as a fiscal calendar or the astronomical year numbering system .
At the age of twenty , Hofmann began his chemistry degree at the University of ZÃ 1\/4 rich , finishing three years later , in 1929 .
Tropical Storm Ivan gradually became better organized as wind shear decreased , and its outflow expanded in all quadrants .
In British history , the Protectorate was the period 1653 1659 during which the Commonwealth of England was governed by a Lord Protector .
With the end of the revolt , Zheng suffered a serious defeat .
Phoronids -LRB- ` Phoronida ' -RRB- , commonly known as horseshoe worms , are a relatively small animal phylum : twenty species are known , in two genera , Phoronis and Phoronopsis .
The lake 's importance declined when the Byzantines lost control and the area came under the control of the Umayyad Caliphate and subsequent Islamic empires .
For instance , headers can be renamed to be more helpful , unsigned comments can be noted , irrelevant comments can be moved to a more appropriate place , chit chat can be removed , etc. -LRB- However , this kind of editing might be considered a mild form of . -RRB-
Coffee substitutes are non-coffee products , usually without caffeine , that are used to imitate coffee .
Mo ovce is one of the largest villages in the historical region of Turiec , currently in the Tur ianske Teplice District in the ilina Region of northern Slovakia .
October 27 & ndash ; Floris V count of holland gave the city of Amsterdam independence of taxes .
Joseph Albert Pierre Paul Pilote -LRB- born December 11 , 1931 , in Kénogami , Quebec -RRB- is a former professional ice hockey defenceman .
Ghost is a 1990 Fantasy Drama - Comedy starring Patrick Swayze , Demi Moore , Tony Goldwyn and Whoopi Goldberg , written by Bruce Joel Rubin and directed by Jerry Zucker .
This makes it by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being about two and a half times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius .
Cowry , also sometimes spelled cowrie , plural cowries , is the common name for a group of small to large marine gastropods in the family Cypraeidae .
Hobsonville is a former Royal New Zealand Air Force airfield -LRB- as well as a range of nearby rural areas -RRB- which are currently -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- being redeveloped as a new suburb of Waitakere City , New Zealand .
The 1st Generation Escudo was sold in Mexico as the Geo Tracker -LRB- Just Soft Top -RRB- 1994-1995 -LRB- Produced in Canada -RRB- .
He continued making music under the Girl Talk alias while studying biomedical engineering at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio .
Following Young 's divorce in 1961 , he and Mead were married .
The league is dominated by two clubs : Al Ittihad and Al Ahly -LRB- Tripoli -RRB- .
Daishi Kato is a Japanese footballer .
The game 's direct predecessor , Mega Man X7 , was the first entry in the Mega Man X series to feature full 3D graphics , as well as 3D gameplay .
The fief holders exercised local military rule .
30 , No. 2 -LRB- Dec. , 1988 -RRB- , pp .
According to Rowling , Harry is strongly guided by his own conscience , and has a keen feeling of what is right and what is wrong .
Aang 's character was developed from a drawing by Bryan Konietzko .
A modest hemp fabric industry exists , and hemp fibers can be used in clothing . Pure hemp has a texture similar to linen .
It was originally one of the Pictish kingdoms , known as Fib , and is still commonly known as the Kingdom of Fife within Scotland .
Confirmed as Uranus XVIII it was named after the sorcerer Prospero in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
With help from Professor Frink , however , Homer is able to destroy the aliens ' spaceship , and Springfield and its inhabitants are returned to normal .
Principi later served in the Vietnam War , commanding a River Patrol Unit in the Mekong Delta .
The city became a part of the newly created District of Gera -LRB- Bezirk Gera -RRB- in 1952 within the German Democratic Republic -LRB- East Germany -RRB- . After the German reunification in 1990 , Gera became part of the restored state of Thuringia â '' one of three metropolitan centers -LRB- Oberzentren -RRB- along with Jena and Erfurt .
This particular Meowth , belonging to Team Rocket , the anime 's major antagonists , is one of the few PokÃ mon that have the ability to speak human language .
Aruba seceded in 1986 as a separate country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands , and the rest of the Netherlands Antilles was dissolved on 10 October 2010 , resulting in two new constituent countries , CuraÃ ao and Sint Maarten , with the other islands joining the Netherlands as '' special municipalities '' , officially public bodies .
La Marche Des Gendarmes -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB-
The Soviet Union ceases production of the Mosin-Nagant 1891\/30 sniper rifle .
The following list , of about 350 words , is based on documented lists of the top 100 , 200 , or 400 most commonly misspelled words , rather than listing every conceivable misspelled word .
Pomp and Circumstance NPR Music It was first played at such a ceremony on 28 June 1905 , at Yale University , where the Professor of Music Samuel Sanford had invited his friend Elgar to attend commencement and receive an honorary Doctorate of Music .
Peter Kenneth Frampton -LRB- born April 22 , 1950 -RRB- is an English musician , singer , producer , and multi-instrumentalist .
In Mario Kart Wii , players choose a character from a roster consisting of up to 24 characters and from 36 vehicles , separated into three different weight classes .
The National Gallery of Armenia is the national art gallery of Armenia founded in 1921 as the artistic section of the State Museum . It is located on the Republic Square in Yerevan .
The opening of the Suez Canal in 1869 created the first salt-water passage between the Mediterranean and Red seas .
Reprise Records is an American record label , founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra . It is owned by Warner Music Group , and operated through Warner Bros. .
By this time , Sri Lanka had become a Test playing nation , and Zimbabwe qualified through the ICC Trophy .
It is bordered by Japan , North Korea , Russia and South Korea .
Different methods of radiometric dating vary in the timescale over which they are accurate and the materials to which they can be applied .
Voids located in high-density environments are smaller than voids situated in low-density spaces of the universe .
It was used to give legitimacy to a variety of fields through such titles as '' scientific '' medicine , engineering , advertising , or motherhood .
1794 & ndash ; Robert Forsythe , a U.S. Marshal is killed in Augusta , Georgia when trying to serve court papers , the first US marshal to die while carrying out his duties .
The leaves are ovate 2.5 & ndash ; 9 cm -LRB- 1 & ndash ; 3.5 in -RRB- long , resembling orange leaves -LRB- the scientific name aurantifolia refers to this resemblance to the leaves of the orange , C. aurantium -RRB- .
1796 & ndash ; James Lick , American land baron -LRB- d. 1876 -RRB-
To call myself beloved , to feel myself beloved on the earth .
Yahiro Kazama -LRB- born October 16 , 1961 in Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football manager and former player .
Galilei , G. ; Sidereus Nuncius -LRB- March 13 , 1610 -RRB- It is the third-largest moon in the Solar System and the second largest in the Jovian system , after Ganymede .
Tomohiro Tsuda is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
However , the process arguably exacerbated already existing social and economic tensions within the Soviet Union , and no doubt helped to further nationalism among the constituent republics , as well as social fragmentation .
It is a parliamentary democracy and a republic .
Primitive forms of the instrument were fashioned by enslaved Africans in Colonial America , adapted from several African instruments .
NeufchÃ cents tel-en-Saosnois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Champfrémont is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Hopwood is a small settlement in Worcestershire , located south of Birmingham , England on the Worcester and Birmingham Canal .
It is one of roughly five hundred Sino-Tibetan languages , and belongs to the Tibeto-Burman branch of this family .
Around a black hole there is an undetectable surface called an event horizon that marks the point of no return .
When they returned , she was in the back yard , unconscious , in the snow , and visible in the poor light only because she was wearing her favorite red sweater .
It elects one Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- by the first past the post system of election .
Scrivener , Terry Fox , 2000 , p. 233 Death Terry Fox is today considered a national hero of Canada .
An inkjet printer is a type of computer printer that creates a digital image by propelling droplets of ink onto paper .
Roller Coasters : A Thrill Seeker 's Guide to the Ultimate Scream Machines .
The official seat of the National Assembly is the Palais Bourbon on the banks of the river Seine -LRB- -RRB- ; the Assembly also uses other neighbouring buildings , including the Immeuble Chaban-Delmas on the rue de l'Universit é -LRB- -RRB- .
There are smaller but still significant groups of speakers of Khoisan languages who are not included in the eleven official languages , but are one of the eight other officially recognized languages .
It is located at 35 Â 43 ' 0N 75 Â 31 ' 0E ' and has an altitude of 2440 metres -LRB- 8008 feet -RRB- .
Bayeux is the home of the Bayeux Tapestry , one of the oldest surviving complete tapestries in the world .
Examples of true annuals include corn , wheat , rice , lettuce , peas , watermelon , beans , zinnia and marigold .
It is separated from mainland Canada by the Strait of Georgia , Johnstone Strait , and Queen Charlotte Strait , and from the United States by the Strait of Juan de Fuca .
He held positions as a rehearsal accompanist and chorus master at the Théâtre Lyrique , second chorus master at the Paris Opéra , -LRB- 1864 -RRB- , and as organist at Saint-Pierre-de-Chaillot between 1865 and 1871 .
Espins is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Thus he went to Princeton where he worked on his equilibrium theory .
In addition to numerous species of wild pig , these include the babirusa Babyrousa babyrussa and the warthog Phacochoerus aethiopicus .
She developed a reputation as a serious dramatic actress , earning the nickname '' The Divine Sarah '' .
Stars of newly-opened West End musicals regularly perform a number from their show later in the evening after ` curtain call ' in their respective theatres .
61 930 to 946 Emperor Suzaku Yutaakira Traditional dates .
The first English settlers came in 1633 and settled at Windsor and then Wethersfield in 1634 .
The Sierra Nevada -LRB- , snowy mountain rangeCarlson , Helen S. , Nevada Place Names : A Geographical Dictionary , University of Nevada Press , 1976 , p. 215 ISBN 978-0874170948 -RRB- is a mountain range in the U.S. states of California and Nevada , between the California Central Valley and the Basin and Range Province .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,721 Mm in 699.676 days , at an inclination of 142 to the ecliptic -LRB- 142 to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.0932 .
In humans , the top of the foot is considered dorsal .
The shoulder rest is an accessory that can be found on violins and violas .
The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia , killing 202 people , -LRB- including 88 Australians , and 38 Indonesian citizens -RRB- .
Cryptic coloration is the most common form of camouflage , found to some extent in the majority of species .
It is named after the Nereids , sea-nymphs of Greek mythology and attendants of the god Neptune .
Dance-punk -LRB- also known as disco-punk , punk-funk and indie-dance -RRB- is a music genre that emerged in the late 1970s , and is closely associated with the post-punk and no wave movements .
Also , lunar samples do not have expected ratios of volatile elements , iron oxide , or siderophilic elements , and there is no evidence to suggest that the Earth ever had the magma ocean implied by this hypothesis .
The capital is a thoroughly planned city with designated areas for residence , businesses , schools , churches , etc. .
This synthetic element is one of the so-called super-heavy atoms and was first synthesized in 1994 .
Shatner 's voice-over introduction during each episode 's opening credits stated the starship 's purpose :
Ray was born in the city of Calcutta -LRB- now Kolkata -RRB- into a Bengali family prominent in the world of arts and letters .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1938/1939 season .
Its seat is in VÃ Ã ksy .
He is noted for his development in 1901 of the modern system of classification of blood groups from his identification of the presence of agglutinins in the blood , and in 1930 he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
John Matthew '' Matt '' Stover -LRB- born January 27 , 1968 in Dallas , Texas , U.S. -RRB- is an American Football placekicker who is currently a free agent in the National Football League .
The nation was prosperous and optimistic at the time , leading to a landslide victory for Hoover over Democrat Al Smith .
The Poles , who do not wish to be ruled by Mary 's fiancee , the future Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund , choose Mary 's younger sister , Jadwiga , to become ruler of Poland .
Hulluch is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cow and Chicken -LRB- known as Cleo and Chico in French-language countries -RRB- is an American animated series , created by David Feiss .
1853 & ndash ; Vincent van Gogh , Dutch painter -LRB- d. 1890 -RRB-
Possible crucifixion of Jesus -LRB- earliest possible date -RRB-
The town was officially renamed '' Allentown '' on April 16 , 1838 , after years of popular usage .
The aim of Royal Canadian Air Cadets is to : develop in youth the attributes of good citizenship and leadership ; promote physical fitness ; and stimulate the interest of youth in the sea , land , and air activities of the Canadian Forces .
1916 & ndash ; Daniel Schorr , American journalist -LRB- d. 2010 -RRB-
Luis Amaranto Perea Mosquera -LRB- born 30 January 1979 in Turbo -RRB- is a Colombian footballer who plays for AtlÃ tico Madrid in the Spanish first division .
March 9 -- Adam Smith publishes The Wealth of Nations .
It was , under the Mexica culture , the farthest region of trade , providing jaguar pelts , cacao , and quetzal feathers for the ruling classes in the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan .
Lenzburg is a stop of the S-Bahn ZÃ 1\/4 rich on the line S3 .
The National Hockey League came into existence with the demise of the NHA in 1917 .
A librarian is an information professional trained in library and information science , which is the organization and management of information services or materials for those with information needs .
Mustafa Barzani , the father of the nationalist Kurdish movement in Iraqi Kurdistan -LRB- Southern Kurdistan -RRB- , was also the commander of its army .
Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Scythians or Scyths were an ancient Iranian people of horse-riding nomadic pastoralists who throughout Classical Antiquity dominated the Pontic-Caspian steppe , known at the time as Scythia .
In practical terms , the exact meaning of surface varies according to the measurement method used .
When he was 13 years old , his uncle , who ran an automotive-electric shop , sent him a box filled with discarded car radio parts , and a battery .
Recipe for mashed potato Popular ingredients and seasonings include : garlic , cheese , bacon bits , sour cream , crisp onion or spring onion , mustard , spices such as nutmeg , chopped herbs such as parsley or rosemary , white turnip , and wasabi .
While all cephalopods can move by jet propulsion , this is a very energy-consuming way to travel compared to the tail propulsion used by fish .
The Rhine -LRB- ; ; ; ; ; -RRB- is one of the longest and most important rivers in Europe , at , with an average discharge of more than .
It flourished under the patronage of the Ptolemaic dynasty and functioned as a major center of scholarship from its construction in the 3rd century BC until the Roman conquest of Egypt in 30 BC .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 1.1 square miles -LRB- 3.0 km -RRB- , of which , 1.1 square miles -LRB- 2.8 km -RRB- of it is land and 0.1 square miles -LRB- 0.2 km -RRB- of it -LRB- 5.22 % -RRB- is water .
He went to the front to observe the Franco-Prussian War in 1870 , and , after being taken prisoner at Vaucouleurs , remained in French captivity for three months .
In 1913 , Goldfish along with his brother-in-law Jesse L. Lasky , Cecil B. DeMille , and Arthur Friend formed a partnership , The Jesse L. Lasky Feature Play Company , to produce feature length motion pictures .
During landing , the vehicle overran the runway and it sustained minor damage .
Born in Thunder Bay , Ontario of Russian immigrant parents , he grew up on a farm in Saskatchewan , and attended McGill University , from which he was granted a bachelor 's degree in chemistry and a Ph. D. in physical chemistry .
Fabbri was a delegate to the International Anarchist Congress held in Amsterdam in 1907 .
These prophets include :
Year 1786 -LRB- MDCCLXXXVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a common year starting on Thursday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
In geometry , a simplex -LRB- plural simplexes or simplices -RRB- is a generalization of the notion of a triangle or tetrahedron to arbitrary dimension . Specifically , an n-simplex is an n-dimensional polytope which is the convex hull of its n + 1 vertices .
In 2002 , he was succeeded in democratic elections by Amadou Toumani Touré , a retired general , who had been the leader of the military aspect of the 1991 democratic uprising .
Pierre Corneille -LRB- 6 June 1606 â '' 1 October 1684 -RRB- was a French tragedian who was one of the three great seventeenth-century French dramatists , along with MoliÃ re and Racine .
In 1996 , ten Security Council members , led by African members Egypt , Guinea-Bissau and Botswana , sponsored a resolution backing Boutros-Ghali for a second five-year term , until the year 2001 .
1940 & ndash ; Sino-Japanese War : Japan declares Nanking capital of a new Chinese puppet government , nominally controlled by Wang Ching-wei .
Campton is located at .
In Daremberg and Saglio , Dictionnaire des Antiquités Grecques et Romaines , Tome II -LRB- Volume 2 -RRB- , page 1613 , Librairie Hachette et Cie. , Paris , 1877 -- 1919 .
Isabella I -LRB- , , anglicised as Elizabeth -RRB- -LRB- 22 April 1451 -- 26 November 1504 -RRB- was Queen of Castile and León .
In humans , common symptoms may include slurred speech , euphoria , impaired balance , poor coordination , flushed face , reddened eyes , reduced inhibition , and erratic behavior .
V10 motors became common-place after the reduction from 3.5 to 3 liters , and V10 engines were exclusively used by teams from the 1998 season .
The little known failure mode is that delta logging relies on the original data being either in the old or the new state so as to enable backing out the logical change , yet few storage systems provide an atomic write semantic on a RAID disk .
Leeds United manager Howard Wilkinson was soon in talks with Graeme Souness about bringing Butcher back south of the border , but when Butcher did depart from Ibrox it was in a Â # 400,000 deal to become player-manager of Coventry City on 15 November 1990 .
Kathryn Bailey '' Kate '' Beckinsale -LRB- born 26 July 1973 -RRB- is an English actress .
The game sold 2.4 million copies and earned up to US$ 125 million in its first 24 hours on store shelves , thus out-grossing the film Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest as the highest grossing release in entertainment history .
The Boston Marathon is run on Patriots ' Day every year so many Bostonians know the holiday as '' Marathon Monday .
John Campbell Ross -LRB- 11 March 1899 -- 3 June 2009 -RRB- was at the time of his death Australia 's oldest man and the last Australian veteran of the First World War .
After the Beatles disbanded , Lennon and Ono cohabited in London and then in New York . Their relationship was very strained as Lennon faced near-certain deportation from the United States based on the British drug charges and Ono was separated from her daughter , who would have remained behind if Ono followed Lennon back to England .
In 1910 , the company 's Prima ballerina assoluta Mathilde Kschessinska selected Nijinsky to dance in a revival of Marius Petipa 's Le Talisman , during which Nijinsky created a sensation in the role of the Wind God Vayou .
The league is divided evenly into two conferences -- the American Football Conference -LRB- AFC -RRB- and National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- , and each conference has four divisions that have four teams each , making each conference have 16 teams .
Farmington is a city in Van Buren County , Iowa , United States .
The Pakenham line branches from the Lilydale line at Richmond and shares four tracks with the Frankston line to Caulfield , running next to the Sandringham line as far as South Yarra .
The axolotl is currently on the International Union for Conservation of Nature 's annual Red List of threatened species .
Trade between two traders is called bilateral trade , while trade between more than two traders is called multilateral trade .
He plays as a center and fullback .
This warning was discontinued within 48 hours .
Just after becoming a hurricane , it hit the southern coast of Brazil in the state of Santa Catarina on the evening of March 28 , with winds estimated near , making it a Category 2-equivalent on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Since she was the heiress to the county of Boulogne , she was forced to leave her convent and married off to Matthew of Alsace -LRB- c.1130-1173 -RRB- , who would become Count of Boulogne and co-ruler -LRB-/O1160/O-RRB- through his marriage to her .
The modern day Netherlands are divided into twelve provinces -LRB- provincies in Dutch -RRB- .
1702 : The first successful English daily , The Daily Courant , was published .
The Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas is a famous bullring in Madrid -LRB- Spain -RRB- .
The storm , which caused nine fatalities , formed from an area of disturbed weather on August 30 , 2007 , and became a tropical storm the next day .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
One classic diagram -LRB- above -RRB- has one square inscribed in the other , with the corners of one being the classical elements , and the corners of the other being the properties .
Zeta or ZETA can refer to :
Hamilton Hume -LRB- 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 -RRB- Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton -LRB- 1797 - 1873 -RRB- ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kei Yamaguchi is a Japanese footballer who plays for JEF United Ichihara .
Hamoodur Rahman Commission Report , chapter 2 , paragraph 33 The international media and reference books in English have also published figures which vary greatly from 200,000 to 3,000,000 for Bangladesh as a whole .
Julian Chen Introduction to Scanning Tunneling Microscopy -LRB- 1993 -RRB- .
Within a decade of its inception , A&M became the world 's largest independent record company .
Her daughter Louise Leakey continues family traditions by conducting paleontological research .
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire , from its division by Diocletian in 285 ; the other half of the Roman Empire was the Eastern Roman Empire , today widely known as the Byzantine Empire .
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
1942 & ndash ; Andy Summers , British guitarist -LRB- The Police -RRB-
History In 1921 , the club was founded as Figueirense Foot-ball Club .
Dromaeosaurids had long tails .
Little else is known regarding their feeding habits , but considering their environment , a fussy palate is unlikely .
The Reichstag as a parliament dates back to the Holy Roman Empire and ceased to act as a true parliament in the years of the Nazi regime -LRB- 1933 -- 1945 -RRB- .
The observed elementary bosons are all gauge bosons : photons , W and Z bosons and gluons .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of Ginger Ale .
Also the relationship is usually , but not always , secret .
The difference between computer-style numerical sorting and true alphabetical sorting becomes obvious in languages using an extended Latin alphabet .
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Gaspar y Rimbau -LRB- Madrid , 2 March 1842 -- Oloron , 7 September 1902 -RRB- was a Spanish diplomat and writer , who wrote plays , zarzuelas -LRB- light operas -RRB- , and novels .
During these years Viareggioâ s economy saw a very rapid expansion through its already recognized beach tourism and the newly expanding sailboat industry .
Two earlier debris flows , around 4,450 and 7,300 years ago , sent pyroclastic rock at least 32 k from the volcano into Meager Creek .
There are several solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which supply power to the electricity grid .
Copland also wrote three books , '' What to Listen for in Music -LRB- 1939 -RRB- '' , '' Our New Music -LRB- 1941 -RRB- '' , and '' Music and Imagination '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- .
Gary Lightbody -LRB- born 15 June 1976 in Bangor , Culture Northern Ireland website Northern Ireland -RRB- is a Northern Irish musician and songwriter , best known as the frontman of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol .
Mana Nakao is a Japanese football player .
Unsafe abortion is a significant cause of maternal mortality and morbidity in the world .
Naoki Matsuda -LRB- Matsuda Naoki ; born March 14 , 1977 in Kiry , Gunma -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos , as a defender .
It is built on the site of the medieval Steelyard , the trading base in England of the Hanseatic League .
Mareuil-en-D ôle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The novel was praised for its elegant prose and won him a prize from the French Academy .
Its only known species is Darwinius masillae , dated to 47 million years ago -LRB- Lutetian stage -RRB- based on dating of the fossil site .
Its food is sought both on the ground and in trees and includes virtually all known types of plant and animal sources , such as acorns and beech mast , weed seeds , grain , fruits and other berries , peanuts , bread , meat , small invertebrates of many types , scraps in town parks , bird-table food and rarely eggs and nestlings .
2 Girls 1 Cup is the unofficial nickname of the trailer for Hungry Bitches , a 2007 Brazilian scat-fetish pornographic film produced by MFX Media .
Whisenhunt 's career as a player included 4 years -LRB- 1985 â '' 88 -RRB- as a tight end with the Atlanta Falcons , who drafted him in the twelfth round , and then spells with the Washington Redskins and New York Jets .
The combined events inspired Roberts to become a fan of professional wrestling .
On 9 May 1960 , she made her first appearance in Sarajevo at the National Theatre , as Aida .
Set in London in a near-future dystopian society , the film follows the mysterious V , a freedom fighter seeking to effect sociopolitical change while simultaneously pursuing his own violent personal vendetta .
Most species do not flower until adult foliage starts to appear ; E. cinerea and E. perriniana are notable exceptions .
Animal Liberation Orchestra -LRB- also known by the initialism ALO -RRB- is a musical group , currently signed on Jack Johnson 's Brushfire Records label .
Numerous sheer drops , glacial steps and hanging valleys in the park provide many places for waterfalls to exist , especially during April , May , and June -LRB- the snowmelt season -RRB- .
1586 & ndash ; Battle of Zutphen : Spanish victory over England and Dutch .
It was during the Qin Dynasty and the Han Dynasty that the various tribes of China began to feel that they belonged to the same ethnic group , relative to other ethnic groups around them .
General classification -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB- Mountains Jersey -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB-
Terrell also started a sorority member gimmick and aligned herself with Brad Allen and Nic Nemeth .
Meresankh I was Ancient Egyptian queen , a lesser wife of pharaoh Huni .
An interview with James Broadwater , an evangelical Christian and Republican candidate for the United States ' Congress from Mississippi , caused Broadwater to receive some hate emails after an episode of Da Ali G Show aired in which Broadwater stated that all non-Christians -LRB- including Jews -RRB- will go to Hell .
Niederkell - Kell am See : 4,0 km
Family On August 13 , 1943 , Graham married Wheaton classmate Ruth Bell -LRB- 1920 2007 -RRB- , whose parents were Presbyterian missionaries in China , where her father , L. Nelson Bell , was a general surgeon .
The official and dominant language is Lao , a tonal language of the Tai linguistic group .
Aileen Carol Wuornos -LRB- February 29 , 1956 -- October 9 , 2002 -RRB- was an American serial killer who killed seven men in Florida between 1989 and 1990 , later claiming they raped or attempted to rape her while she was working as a prostitute .
Helicopter rotor , the rotary wing -LRB- s -RRB- of a rotorcraft such as a helicopter
It is here that the Academy meets and , amongst other business , announces the names of Nobel Prize laureates .
PlayStation 3
Team colors are usually blue shirt and socks , and white shorts .
Cho , a senior English major at Virginia Tech , had been diagnosed with and was treated for a severe anxiety disorder in middle school and continued receiving therapy and special education support until his junior year of high school .
The first single was '' Hidin ' from Love '' in 1980 -LRB- # 43 on the Billboard dance charts -RRB- which was followed up by '' Give Me Your Love '' and '' Remember '' .
History The four original members grew up in Basking Ridge , NJ and played in smaller bands during high school .
Cantona is often regarded as having played a major role in the revival of Manchester United as a footballing powerhouse and he enjoys iconic status at the club and in English football .
All cowry shells have a porcelain-like shine except Hawaii 's granulated cowry , Cypraea granulata . Many have colorful patterns .
He was overthrown by Tang , the first king of the Shang dynasty .
Each mill had its own housing community that included everything the mill workers needed -LRB- schools , churches , grocery stores , theaters , and hardware stores , all within walking distance of the mill -RRB- .
It has been speculated that Ambulocetids hunted like crocodiles , lurking in the shallows to snatch unsuspecting prey .
It is integrated into an industrial area on the Costa del Azahar .
Agnes Grey is also an autobiographical novel with strong parallels between its events and Anne 's own life as a governess ; indeed , according to Charlotte BrontÃ '' , the story of Agnes largely stemmed from Anne 's own experiences as a governess .
It is part of the Fairbanks , Alaska metropolitan statistical area .
The initial releases were successively numbered as '' previews '' i.e. p5 , p7 , p8 up to p81a , then p9 , p91 , p92 , and p93 .
The word Métis -LRB- the singular , plural and adjectival forms are the same -RRB- is French , and a cognate of the Spanish word mestizo .
In medicine , a central venous catheter -LRB- '' central line '' , '' CVC '' , '' central venous line '' or '' central venous access catheter '' -RRB- is a catheter placed into a large vein in the neck -LRB- internal jugular vein or external jugular vein -RRB- , chest -LRB- subclavian vein -RRB- or groin -LRB- femoral vein -RRB- .
Later , Cheung made her film debut as a young nightclub hostess in Stephen Chow 's King of Comedy -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , followed soon after by Fly Me to Polaris -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
The focus of excavations has been at Pinnacle Point Cave 13B -LRB- PP13B -RRB- where the earliest evidence for the systematic exploitation of marine resources -LRB- shellfish -RRB- and symbolic behavior have been documented -LRB- Marean et al. , 2007 -RRB- and at Pinnacle Point Cave 5-6 , where the oldest evidence for the heat treatment of rock to make stone tools has been documented -LRB- Brown et al. , 2009 -RRB- .
Nousty is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Kidman gave birth to their first child , a daughter , Sunday Rose Kidman Urban , on July 7 , 2008 in Nashville , Tennessee .
Shohei Abe is a Japanese footballer who plays for Nagoya Grampus .
Mikroglottika 's goal is to promote the study of the philology , phonology , syntax , and lexicon of minority languages , and constructive linguistic studies .
George Leake CMG -LRB- posthumous -RRB- QC -LRB- 3 December 1856 -- 24 June 1902 -RRB- was Premier of Western Australia from 27 May 1901 to 21 November 1901 , and again from 23 December 1901 until his death on 24 June 1902 .
He studied law in the office of Chief Justice Morrison Waite , and was admitted to the bar at Peru , Indiana in 1865 .
The adjective form is used in English , to refer to people or works that are experimental or innovative , particularly with respect to art , culture , and politics .
Several of the Mussulman table-servants were in league with the hill-men , and for some hours the danger to Murree became imminent .
May earned a PhD in astrophysics in 2007 and is currently the Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University .
They disbanded for the first time after the release of their fifth album , 1987 's VI , as Hetson decided to continue touring and releasing a number of albums with Bad Religion .
On the beach , Tinker Bell finds parts of a music box and figures out how to put them together .
November 30 & ndash ; Alexander Berry , Scottish adventurer and Australian pioneer -LRB- d. 1873 -RRB-
For modern scholarship , '' the date of Homer '' means the date of forming of the poems as much as to the lifetime of an individual .
He added that this time around '' They 've got a different set of problems ... because you 've got 13 dwarves , a whole band of them ... You 're trying to represent a whole race ... You 're trying to do for dwarves what ` The Lord of the Rings ' did for hobbits '' .
After initial demos had been distributed , New York-based independent label Equal Vision Records signed the band and went onto release the concept-based albums , Dream to Make Believe -LRB-/O2003/O-RRB- and What to Do When You Are Dead -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB- .
This template creates a box with two to ten images arranged vertically or horizontally with captions for the entire box and\/or for each images .
The Kingdom of León was an independent kingdom situated in the northwest region of the Iberian Peninsula .
Austria-Hungary was geographically the second largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire -LRB- 621538 k in 1905 -RRB- , and the third most populous -LRB- after Russia and the German Empire -RRB- .
Magicians ' actual names , when applicable , follow in parentheses .
Mary Coe , in her book Windradyne : A Wiradjuri Koori quoted at page 4 in
Lulu is being blackmailed by the Acrobat and a Marquis who wants to sell her to a Cairo brothel ; she is still wanted for Dr. Schön 's murder in Germany and they will turn her in if she does not do as they say .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
Unlike his contemporaries , Goethe did n't see darkness as an absence of light , but rather as polar to and interacting with light ; colour resulted from this interaction of light and shadow .
Dudley went straight out of college to work as a teacher in 1880 .
Raquel Welch -LRB- born September 5 , 1940 -RRB- is an American actress , author and sex symbol .
Studies of heavier quarks are conducted in artificially created conditions , such as in particle accelerators .
The National Museum of the United States Air Force -LRB- formerly the United States Air Force Museum -RRB- is the official National Museum of the United States Air Force and is located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , near Dayton , Ohio .
is a Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- midfielder who currently plays for Kawasaki Frontale of the J. League .
Maxinquaye is the debut album of the English actor and musician Tricky , released in 1995 .
Tortoise may refer to one of the following :
After a few years in his father 's business , he retired with an ample fortune from all business concerns , with the exception of the Sheffield Banking Company , of which he was chairman for many years .
She was bought at auction in July 1792 , renamed Thomas and Nancy , and carried coal in the Thames area until 1806 .
1982 & ndash ; Richard Skrenta writes the first PC virus code , which is 400 lines long and disguised as an Apple boot program called '' Elk Cloner '' .
Gammer made his first appearance in the Hardcore scene during 2002 and since he has gone on to be a very successful and prolific producer , being best known for his extensive discography on the revamped Essential Platinum label .
In the Eastern hemisphere , piquance -LRB- the sensation provided by , among other things , chili peppers -RRB- and savoriness -LRB- also known as umami -RRB- have been traditionally identified as basic tastes as well .
Telephone line
The early instar larvae feed together on the underside of leaves .
Sota Nakazawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
On the January 5 episode of Raw , Snuka and Rhodes won a tag team match against Cryme Tyme .
Nicosia is important commercially with many shops , three modern shopping malls , restaurants and entertainment .
The show featured many Characters The Adventures Of Ichabod and Mr. Toad and Melody Time and Alice In Wonderland and Peter Pan and The Jungle Book performers that continually changed over the years .
They had three daughters , Ivy , Stella and Vera by 1891 .
In 1895 , Burnham went on to oversee and lead the massive Northern Territories -LRB- BSA -RRB- Exploration Co. expedition which first established for the British South Africa Company that major copper deposits existed in North-Eastern Rhodesia . Along the Kafue River in then North-Eastern Rhodesia , Burnham saw many similarities to copper deposits he had worked in the United States , and he encountered native peoples wearing copper bracelets .
Robinson 's career is generally considered to mark the beginning of the postâ '' '' long ball '' era in baseball , in which a reliance on raw power-hitting gave way to balanced offensive strategies that used footspeed to create runs through aggressive baserunning .
The compounds with oxidation state +3 resemble the corresponding aluminium -LRB- III -RRB- compounds .
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles -LRB- a rarity in their songs -RRB- .
1960 & ndash ; Chad declares independence .
Carl Friedrich Gauss also studied hyperbolic geometry , describing in a 1824 letter to Taurinus that he had constructed it , but did not publish his work .
The draw , which was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Michele Centenaro , UEFA 's head of club competitions , was held on Friday , 29 June 2007 at 13:30 CET in Nyon , Switzerland .
Jacqueline Anne -LRB- Jackie -RRB- French -LRB- born 29 November 1953 -RRB- is an award-winning Australian author of children 's fiction and books on gardening .
Rosa Louise McCauley Parks -LRB- February 4 , 1913 â '' October 24 , 2005 -RRB- was an African-American civil rights activist , whom the U.S. Congress called '' the first lady of civil rights '' , and '' the mother of the freedom movement '' .
Anna Kavan was born in France to British parents .
It is located in Lapland and borders Norway as well as the municipality of Inari .
The converse of this result is the definition of Ramanujan primes , and the numbers 2 , 11 , 17 , 29 , 41 are the first few such primes .
It runs over from Key West , Florida , north to Fort Kent , Maine , at the Canadian border .
The earliest anchors were probably rocks and many rock anchors have been found dating from at least the Bronze Age .
Food irradiation is also sometimes called pasteurization .
For example , California 's Theft Act of 1927 consolidated a variety of common law crimes into theft . The state now distinguishes between two types of theft , grand theft and petty theft .
Jack Kirby
The term coconut milk is not the same as coconut water -LRB- coconut juice -RRB- , which is the naturally-occurring liquid found inside the hollow coconut .
Principal photography was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days .
On 15 April 1989 , the ground was the scene of one of the worst sporting tragedies of all time when 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death in an FA Cup semi-final in the infamous Hillsborough disaster .
Supporters argued the Piss Christ is an issue of artistic freedom and freedom of speech .
In 1973 he founded the KÃ 1\/4 chl Quartett which is now known as the Wiener Musikverein Quartett .
In 1882 , a mechanical department was created within Bell Telephone Company of Canada to manufacture telephones and telephone equipment for Canada ,
The James Norris Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League 's top '' defense player who demonstrates throughout the season the greatest all-round ability in the position '' .
The symbol for Libra is the Scales . In Roman mythology , Libra is considered to depict the scales held by Astraea -LRB- identified as Virgo -RRB- , the goddess of justice .
This '' antisymmetric wavefunction '' behavior implies that fermions are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle , i.e. no two fermions can occupy the same quantum state at the same time .
He played as a central defender .
Once that song was finished , the two began in earnest writing the rest of the tracks .
Ninety percent of deep-sea marine life are estimated to produce bioluminescence in one form or another .
1904 & ndash ; Leopold Nowak , Austrian musicologist -LRB- d. 1991 -RRB-
Jinnah had initially avoided joining the All India Muslim League , founded in 1906 , regarding it as too Muslim oriented .
Later , while Kennedy and Morrison were battling on top of a ladder , Benjamin climbed another ladder placed adjacent to the first one and performed a sunset flip powerbomb on Kennedy , who in turn superplexed Morrison from the top of the ladder .
Portillo retired from the Commons at the 2005 general election , since when he has pursued his media interests , presenting a wide range of television and radio programs .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city of Montevallo is 4,825 .
Santa Cruz is the island that hosts the largest human population in the archipelago at the town of Puerto Ayora .
In 1940 , he became an associate member of Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts and was also an honorary member of Slovenian society of natural history .
His analysis of human behavior culminated in his work Verbal Behavior , which has recently seen enormous increase in interest experimentally and in applied settings .
In 2002 , the Benton City â '' Kiona Bridge over the Yakima River at Benton City was added to the National Register of Historic Places .
Sir Hans Sloane , 1st Baronet , PRS -LRB- 16 April 1660 -- 11 January 1753 -RRB- was an Ulster-Scot physician and collector , notable for bequeathing his collection to the British nation which became the foundation of the British Museum .
The landscape architect William Saunders , founder of the National Grange , designed the cemetery .
Formed in 1991 , the group is known for its live performances and humor , founding members Adam Gardner , Ryan Miller , and Brian Rosenworcel came about to begin practice sessions while attending Tufts University in Medford , Massachusetts .
Culturally and in terms of history and climate , like the First Coast region -LRB- of northeastern Florida -RRB- and North Central Florida , this region is more closely tied to the Deep South than to the Peninsula of Florida .
Her marriage to the Duke of Chartres took place at the Palace of Versailles on 5 April 1769 in a lavish ceremony which all of the princes du sang attended .
His Berklee professors included Herb Pomeroy in line writing , Gary Burton in improvisation , Phil Wilson in big band , Ed Bedner in classical piano , and Hal Crook in theoretical improvisation studies .
The public key can be known to everyone and is used for encrypting messages .
The spectral class of a star is a designated class of a star describing the ionization of its chromosphere , what atomic excitations are most prominent in the light , giving an objective measure of the temperature in this chromosphere .
Some love spells have even been discovered '' folded around some hair , '' probably to bind the spell itself .
Claudio Abbado became principal conductor after Karajan , expanding the orchestra 's repertoire beyond the core classical and romantic works into more modern 20th-century works .
The symbol used to represent pressure in equations is '' p '' or '' P '' with SI units of pascals .
Devotion to Ganesha is widely diffused and extends to Jains , Buddhists , and beyond India .
July 29 -- August 2 & ndash ; a large Crimean Tatar -- Ottoman army which invaded Russia is routed in the battle of Molodi
He studied piano first with his mother , and while the family was in Berlin between 1844 and 1846 , he studied piano with Theodor Kullak and harmony and counterpoint with Siegfried Dehn ; during this time both he and his brother Anton attracted the interest and support of Mendelssohn and Meyerbeer .
In the Book of Jubilees , it is mentioned as being part of the border , beginning with its easternmost point up to its mouth , between the allotment of Japheth to the north and that of Shem to the south , sons of Noah .
Prehistoric ruins At the time of its discovery , Malden was found to be unoccupied , but the remains of ruined temples and other structures indicated that the island had at one time been inhabited .
Theobromine is a water insoluble , crystalline , bitter powder ; the colour has been listed as either white or colourless .
Austria -LRB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Austria -LRB- German : -RRB- , is a landlocked country of roughly 8.3 million people in Central Europe .
After India achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947 , the Royal Indian Air Force served the Union of India , with the prefix being dropped when India became a republic in 1950 .
Thomas Allofs -LRB- born 17 November 1959 in Düsseldorf -RRB- is a former German footballer , who played as a striker .
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
The lyre of Classical Antiquity was ordinarily played by being strummed with a plectrum , like a guitar or a zither , rather than being plucked , like a harp .
He is the son of Carlos ColÃ n , Sr. and the younger brother of wrestlers Stacy and Carly ColÃ n , better known as Carlito in WWE .
Kim Yong-Sik -LRB- 25 July 1910 - 8 March 1985 -RRB- was a Korean football player and manager , and one of the original inductees to the Korean Football Hall of Fame .
The series runs to 13 volumes , the last appearing in September 2010 .
Apatosaurus excelsus -LRB- originally Brontosaurus -RRB- was named by Marsh in 1879 .
Under Japan 's present constitution , the Emperor is the '' symbol of the state and the unity of the people , '' and is a ceremonial figurehead in a constitutional monarchy -LRB- see Politics of Japan -RRB- .
In contrast to party-list systems , the Single Transferable Vote is a proportional representation system in which voters rank individual candidates in order of preference .
Faux-Villecerf is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
He held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called '' KubbealtÄ viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the KubbealtÄ -LRB- ` under the dome ' -RRB- in TopkapÄ Palace .
Lauingen , Germany since 1999
Ivana Trump -LRB- born Ivana Marie ZelnÃ Ä kovÃ ; February 20 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Olympic athlete , socialite , and fashion model noted for her marriage to mogul Donald Trump .
At least 100 deaths occurred in Cuba alone .
While smaller tents may be free-standing or attached to the ground , large tents are usually anchored using guy ropes tied to stakes or tent pegs .
She won BAFTA Awards for her performances in The Nun 's Story -LRB- 1959 -RRB- and Charade -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , and received Academy Award nominations for Sabrina -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , The Nun 's Story -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , Breakfast at Tiffany 's -LRB- 1961 -RRB- and Wait Until Dark -LRB- 1967 -RRB- .
Cell theory refers to the idea that cells are the basic unit of structure in every living thing .
The most visible element in the culture was the production of massive statues called moai that represented deified ancestors .
OpenOffice.org Base -LRB- '' Base '' for short -RRB- , a database module , initially appeared with OpenOffice.org version 2.0 .
Mira is a binary star system that consists of a red giant -LRB- Mira A -RRB- undergoing mass loss and a high temperature white dwarf companion -LRB- Mira B -RRB- that is accreting mass from the primary .
Curtis Montague Schilling -LRB- born November 14 , 1966 in -RRB- is a former American Major League Baseball right-handed starting pitcher .
As of the 2001 census of India , slightly over 80 % of Uttar Pradesh population is Hindu , while Muslims make up 18 % of the population .
This led to abuse : players sat in front of the opposing net waiting for a pass .
Biéville-Beuville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Jimmy aims to capture all the monkeys and stop Specter .
com .
Alexsandro de Souza , -LRB- born 14 September 1977 in Curitiba -RRB- , commonly known as Alex , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Turkish club FenerbahÃ e SK .
The most used paths to reach Moldoveanu are over the Vi tea Mare -LRB- 2527m -RRB- , by paths coming from Podragu , Sambata , or by the Vistea Valley .
Key to changes since general election : a = change in party allegiance b = by-election Table of contents : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Changes A Constituency !
He entered the Royal Academy of Music in London in 1971 .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the village has a total area of 1.2 square miles -LRB- 3.1 km ² -RRB- , of which , 1.2 square miles -LRB- 3.1 km ² -RRB- of it is land and 0.04 square miles -LRB- 0.1 km ² -RRB- of it -LRB- 1.65 % -RRB- is water .
Sunni view that Umar was the first person to be given the title :
The island 's animals are mainly of the avian variety , although rabbits are long established here .
Samsenethai succeeds his father , Fa Ngum , as King of Lan Xang -LRB- now Laos -RRB- .
ISSN International Center .
Version 6 -LRB-/O1993/O-RRB- of the TIFF specification dropped the Microsoft reference .
March 11 & ndash ; The Frondeurs -LRB- rebels -RRB- and the French government sign the Peace of Rueil .
Here overture '' Leonore No. 3 '' is sometimes played .
E.g. sponsorship , product placement , endorsements , sales promotion , merchandising , direct mail , personal selling , public relations , trade shows
When Germany invaded Denmark in World War II , the Hungarian chemist George de Hevesy dissolved the gold Nobel Prizes of Max von Laue and James Franck in aqua regia to prevent the Nazis from stealing them .
She is a two-time World Champion , seven-time European Champion , two-time Olympic medalist , a four-time Grand Prix Final Champion and a four-time Russian National Champion .
After Prussia was dissolved by the Allied powers in 1947 , the area was divided between the German states -LRB- Länder -RRB- of Brandenburg , Mecklenburg , Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt und Thuringia .
The Apia Urban Area has a population of 37,708 -LRB- 2006 Census -RRB- and is generally referred to as the City of Apia .
The fifth single released from the album was '' Shut Up and Let Me Go '' .
Most of Fielding 's plays were written in five acts , but The Author 's Farce was written in three .
He was one of the most influential chemists in history and ranks among the most important scientists of the 20th century .
Skateboarding is the act of riding and performing tricks using a skateboard .
Emperor\/Empress of India was used as a title by the last Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah II , and revived by the colonial British monarchs during the British Raj in India .
Its caterpillars can be a pest on cultivated cabbages , kale , radish , broccoli , and horseradish but it will readily lay eggs on wild members of the cabbage family such as Charlock Sinapis arvensis and Hedge mustard Sisybrium officinale .
PS leader Lionel Jospin lost his bid to succeed Mitterrand as president in the 1995 presidential election against Gaullist leader Jacques Chirac but became prime minister in a cohabitation government after the 1997 parliamentary elections , a position he held until 2002 , when he was again defeated in presidential elections .
Two giant screens were placed above the ring on the lighting rig .
Christiaan Eijkman -LRB- ; 11 August 1858 , Nijkerk , Gelderland -- 5 November 1930 , Utrecht -RRB- was a Dutch physician and professor of physiology whose demonstration that Beriberi is caused by poor diet led to the discovery of vitamins .
Structures are not included .
In computer science , Coffman deadlock refers to a specific condition when two or more processes are each waiting for the other to release a resource , or more than two processes are waiting for resources in a circular chain -LRB- see Necessary conditions -RRB- .
Attestations Gylfaginning In Gylfaginning , the first part of the Prose Edda , Jörð is described as one of Odin 's concubines and the mother of Thor .
Sporting Kansas City is an American professional soccer club based in Kansas City , Kansas that competes in Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- , the top professional soccer league in the United States of America and Canada .
Vuze -LRB- previously Azureus -RRB- is a BitTorrent client used to transfer files via the BitTorrent protocol .
For many decades , Kurt Fiedler from Dresden had been confused with impressionist Kurt Fiedler -LRB- \* 19 November 1878 , Berlin -RRB- .
Men wear the kimono most often at weddings , tea ceremonies , and other very special or very formal occasions .
Artifact -LRB- archaeology -RRB- , alternatively referred to as '' antiquities ''
They also mentioned Colbert 's role in making the word '' truthiness '' .
The show followed Silvia Night during her appearance in Eurovision Song Contest 2006 , and her tantrums after she realised she did n't qualify for the final .
Mowgli comes out of his hiding place and Shere Khan runs towards him . Mowgli begins to run and Baloo pushes Shere Khan away .
The goal of this art is to transform a flat sheet of material into a finished sculpture through folding and sculpting techniques , and as such the use of cuts or glue are not considered to be origami .
Audignicourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
In the legislature , the PS reconstructed a coalition with other left-wing parties : the PCF , the The Greens , the Radical Party of the Left , and the MDC .
The AFI Catalog of Feature Films , started in 1968 , is an online database that preserves the history of American film in authoritative , encyclopedic detail .
The Mohs scale of mineral hardness characterizes the scratch resistance of various minerals through the ability of a harder material to scratch a softer material .
She vows to herself that she will not lose his trail again as she did after his last visit .
Châteauneuf - Grasse -LRB- also known as Châteauneuf de Grasse or simply Châteauneuf -RRB- is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In the books , Volterra is home to the Volturi , a powerful coven of vampires .
Accessories can add color , style and class to an outfit , and create a certain look , but they can also have a practical function : handbags can be used to carry small items such as cash , hats protect the face in bad weather , and gloves keep hands warm .
Most countries around the world also regulate the use of electronic messaging and electronic records retention in similar fashion to the United States .
Natural History WordNet Search , princeton.edu .
1501 & ndash ; Gerolamo Cardano , Italian mathematician -LRB- d. 1576 -RRB-
Although the Greek philosopher Aristarchus of Samos had speculated on a heliocentric reordering of the cosmos , Nicolaus Copernicus was the first to develop a mathematically predictive heliocentric system .
April 5 & ndash ; American Civil War & ndash ; Battle of Yorktown : The battle begins when Union forces under General George B. McClellan close in on the Confederate capital Richmond , Virginia .
He drives for Red Bull Racing alongside Australian Mark Webber in the 2010 season .
The Copa do Brasil -LRB- or Brazil Cup -RRB- is a knockout competition played by 64 football teams , representing all 26 Brazilian states plus the Federal District .
Hillsborough Stadium is the home of Sheffield Wednesday football club , Sheffield , England .
Kohima is the hilly capital of India 's north eastern border state of Nagaland which shares its borders with Burma . It lies in Kohima District and is also one of the three Nagaland towns with Municipal council status along with Dimapur and Mokokchung .
She was a key figure in the Wars of the Roses , an influential matriarch of the House of Tudor and foundress of two Cambridge colleges .
By the 13th century , they governed most of present-day Karnataka , minor parts of Tamil Nadu and parts of western Andhra Pradesh in Deccan India .
Portrayals Hoffman 's life was dramatized in the 2000 film Steal This Movie , in which he was portrayed by Vincent D'Onofrio .
Chelonia mydas , commonly known as the green turtle is a large sea turtle belonging to the family Cheloniidae .
Selected Bibliography External links The Bernard Herrmann Estate The Bernard Herrmann Society Bernard Herrmann papers , at the University of California , Santa Barbara Library .
The Detroit Falcons merged with the Chicago Shamrocks of the AHL and became the Detroit Red Wings , now owned by James Norris .
Márcio Roberto dos Santos , best known as Márcio Santos -LRB- born September 15 , 1969 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer , who played as a defender for such teams as Internacional , Fiorentina and Ajax .
Diploma in International Hotel and Tourism Management -LRB- Cert HE -RRB-
Righteous Kill also features John Leguizamo , Carla Gugino , Donnie Wahlberg , Brian Dennehy , and Curtis '' 50 Cent '' Jackson .
The public school was established in 1861 .
If Alice and Bob wish to exchange encrypted messages , each must be equipped to decrypt received messages and to encrypt sent messages .
Robert Laurence '' Bob '' Barr , Jr. -LRB- born November 5 , 1948 -RRB- is a former federal prosecutor and a former member of the United States House of Representatives .
As a rule , however , a colon informs the reader that what follows proves and explains , or simply enumerates elements of what is referred to before .
Females are smaller than males and are blue-grey with a brown tinge , pale gray below , although arid zone females are colored more like males .
The process is similar to that found in Eastern Finnish dialects , where word-final ` i ' is elided , leaving the palatalization on the consonant .
He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1963 , and served as a Marine in the Vietnam War , reaching the rank of Corporal . He was seriously injured in 1965 near Da Nang -- his right arm shattered and partially paralyzed .
The film is known for its rich , eclectic dialogue , ironic mix of humor and violence , nonlinear storyline , and host of cinematic allusions and pop culture references .
Neighbours is a Logie Award-winning Australian soap opera , which began airing in March 1985 .
A word can be spoken in different ways by various individuals or groups , depending on many factors , such as : the area in which they grew up , the area in which they now live , if they have a speech or voice disorder , their ethnic group , their social class , or their education .
Sapporo was selected to be the host of the fifth edition Winter Olympics scheduled February 3-12 , 1940 , but Japan gave the Games back to the IOC in July 1938 , after the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937 .
History Haute-Loire is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 .
'' Chanakya : the pioneer economist of the world '' , International Journal of Social Economics 25 -LRB- 2-4 -RRB- , p. 267-282 .
After graduating in 1960 , he began his career shooting short films and commercials .
Following that , KÃ lig Kaj slowly disappeared , and he never really gained any success .
These effects are ; high surf , heavy rains that may cause flooding , water build up along the coast with minor storm surge , coastal beach erosion , high winds , and possibly severe weather .
In addition to the Leon City Council , which uses Leonese in its web site , so other associations , organisations or enterprises use the language in their web sites too .
The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes , the nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves , inflorescence -LRB- flowers -RRB- , cones or other stems etc. .
The European discoverer of the Lachlan River in 1815 was Acting-Surveyor George William Evans , who named the river after Lachlan Macquarie , the Governor of the colony of New South Wales .
In general , processors sold as Core are more powerful variants of the same processors marketed as entry-level Celeron and Pentium .
One of the two praetorian prefects , Tarrutenius Paternus , had actually been involved in the conspiracy but was not detected at this time , and in the aftermath , he and his colleague Sextus Tigidius Perennis were able to arrange for the murder of Saoterus , the hated chamberlain .
In Finland , the head city manager of the capital , Helsinki , is customarily given by the country 's President the title ylipormestari translated : '' high mayor '' -LRB- which then generally is much more used of the official than kaupunginjohtaja , the title of the office itself -RRB- , a tradition that resembles closely the Lord Mayoralties in other countries .
He started his career at SC UnterpremstÃ tten und LUV Graz in the Styrian league and 2003 at the age of 14 he moved on to SK Sturm Graz .
Moussa belonged to a group of intellectuals who vehemently demanded the simplification of Arabic and its grammar and the recognition of Egyptian Arabic as the Modern Egyptian language , which inflamed the criticism of his conservative opponents .
Sains-Richaumont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In most countries , it simply means that the ground is covered by snow at Christmas , but some countries have more strict definitions . In the United States , the official definition of a white Christmas is that there has to be a snow depth of at least 1 i on Christmas morning , and in Canada the official definition is that there has to be more than 2 c on the ground on Christmas Day .
Through the machinations of their ambitious prefect , Lucius Aelius Sejanus , the Guard was brought from the Italian barracks into Rome itself .
The Eye is a 2008 horror film starring Jessica Alba .
is a former Japanese football player .
Historically , the city has been known in German as Eperies -LRB- between 1938 and 1945 also Preschau -RRB- , Eperjes in Hungarian , Fragopolis in Latin , PreszÃ w in Polish , Peryeshis in Romany , Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð -LRB- Pryashev -RRB- in Russian and Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ñ -- Ð -LRB- Priashiv -RRB- in Rusyn and Ukrainian .
It lies 42 m east of York and is one of the eastern termini on the North TransPennine route which is operated by First TransPennine Express .
Hampden Park also hosted the 2007 UEFA Cup Final on 16 May when Sevilla defeated Espanyol to retain the trophy .
Biography Childhood and early years Casals was born in El Vendrell , Catalonia , Spain .
In 1998 , astronomers found compelling evidence that a supermassive black hole of more than 2 million solar masses is located near the Sagittarius A \* region in the center of the Milky Way galaxy , and more recent results using additional data find evidence that the supermassive black hole is more than 4 million solar masses .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Politics and government A coalition government , in a parliamentary system , is a government composed of a coalition of parties .
Born an ethnic Serb in the village of Smiljan , Vojna Krajina , in the territory of today 's Croatia , he was a subject of the Austrian Empire by birth and later became an American citizen .
The Dubna-Livermore collaboration has strengthened their claim for the discovery of ununpentium by conducting chemical experiments on the decay daughter 268Db .
Events By place Roman Empire October 13 -- Roman emperor Claudius dies , possibly after being poisoned by Agrippina , his wife and niece , and is succeeded by Nero .
During the Polish-Soviet War , the town was captured by Poland .
The binomial name , binomial nomenclature or '' binomen '' is the currently accepted scientific name for a species .
Anthrax is an American heavy metal band from New York City , formed in 1981 .
A white dwarf , also called a degenerate dwarf , is a small star composed mostly of electron-degenerate matter .
Dieulivol is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Jet Black , a character from the anime Cowboy Bebop
When Star Trek first came on NBC in 1966 , it was not an automatic hit ; ratings were low and advertising revenue was slim to none .
Other pieces with which he was closely associated were Scriabin 's Ã tude in D-sharp minor , Chopin 's Ballade No. 1 in G minor , and many Rachmaninoff miniatures , including Polka de W.R. . Horowitz was acclaimed for his recordings of the Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto No. 3 , and his performance before Rachmaninoff awed the composer , who proclaimed '' he swallowed it whole .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , working on its Raw brand .
The full Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age .
This solution still has potential failure cases : the battery may have worn out , the power may be off for too long , the disks could be moved to another controller , the controller itself could fail .
Eventually Arbaete was dropped and it has been called Asmara , though there is still a zone called Arbaete Asmara .
school_tradition = UtilitarianismLiberalism
His other best-selling books include The Testament , The Summons and The Broker .
'' The Creation of Adam '' , a section of Michelangelo 's fresco Sistine Chapel ceiling painted circa 1511
She is also well known for her portrayal of Jill Valentine in the science fiction action horror film ' and as elf princess Arya Dröttningu in fantasy-adventure film , Eragon , based on the novel by Christopher Paolini .
One turn at bat for each team constitutes an inning and nine innings make up a professional game .
He then starred as Max Carrigan , a young American man drafted into the Vietnam War in Across the Universe .
Letters that arose from omicron include Roman O and Cyrillic O.
The castle grounds include a huge park with a swan lake , open to the public .
She enrolled at the Vienna Academy of Music to study with Richard Hauser , and later Wilhelm Kempff and Stefan Askenase , and remained in Vienna to study after her father was transferred back to Japan after five years .
He is best known for a series of murals in the Palazzo Medici-Riccardi depicting festive , vibrant processions with wonderful attention to detail and a pronounced International Gothic influence .
He had first bought a plastic horn in Los Angeles in 1954 because he was unable to afford a metal saxophone , though he did n't like the sound of the plastic instrument at first .
In 2001 , he sparked a controversy in Israel by conducting the music of Wagner in concert , as such a performance had not been staged in Israel since 1938 and was informally taboo .
Hitler counted Rommel among his favorite generals .
Note : The term ` universe ' is defined as everything that physically exists : the entirety of space and time , all forms of matter , energy and momentum , and the physical laws and constants that govern them .
1901 & ndash ; Roy Wilkins , American civil rights leader -LRB- d. 1981 -RRB-
He obtained his Master 's degree from University of Ljubljana in 1972 .
In 1998 he did voice-over work for the computer-animated film Antz , which grossed over $ 90 million domestically .
Thomas Aquinas , Italian theologian -LRB- d. 1274 -RRB-
The 49ers are currently a member of the Western Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
The river and its tributaries drain much of the central region of the state , with its upper course passing through the coal-mining regions of the Cumberland Mountains , and its lower course passing through the Bluegrass region in the north central part of the state .
At that time , Scheel was elected Federal President of West Germany , a post he held from July 1974 until June 1979 .
Under Harry S. Truman , the interior rooms were completely dismantled and a new internal load-bearing steel frame constructed inside the walls .
Extreme Rules is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which will take place on May 1 , 2011 at the St. Pete Times Forum in Tampa , Florida .
At this point a local road -LRB- to Scout Green -RRB- runs between the two carriageways without a link to the motorway .
The Olympic Games -LRB- - ta Olympia ; - Olympiakoi Agones -RRB- were a series of athletic competitions held for representatives of various city-states of Ancient Greece held in honor of Zeus .
Enzo Bearzot -LRB- born 26 September 1927 in Aiello del Friuli -RRB- is a former Italian football player and manager .
On appeal , her conviction and sentence were confirmed with finality by the Indonesian Supreme Court .
Low pressure areas have less atmospheric mass above their location , whereas high pressure areas have more atmospheric mass above their location .
Calumet is a city in O'Brien County , Iowa , United States .
The precocious passion and eloquence of Hugo 's early work brought success and fame at an early age .
The airport , operated by the Changi Airport Group , is the home base of Singapore Airlines , Singapore Airlines Cargo , SilkAir , Tiger Airways , Jetstar Asia Airways , Valuair , and Jett8 Airlines Cargo .
From 1942 to 1944 , at the University of Chicago , he was a member of the faculty of the Institute of Meteorology and taught statistics in the Department of Economics .
In the same segment , she discusses her experiences emulating a lark while playing The Lark Ascending by Ralph Vaughan Williams .
The obvious candidates for magnetospheric plasma-absorbing matter are neutral gas and dust , but the quantities required to explain the observed depletion are far greater than Cassinis measurements allow .
November 9 & ndash ; Siege of Sancerre : Catholic forces of the king lay siege to Sancerre , a Huguenot stronghold in central France .
The nomenclature varies by nationality and by branch of arms , for instance , some armies organize their infantry into battalions , but call battalion-sized cavalry , reconnaissance , or tank units a squadron or a regiment instead .
During these years Viareggio 's economy saw a very rapid expansion through its already recognised beach tourism and the newly expanding sailboat industry .
1945 & ndash ; World War II : a defecting German pilot delivers a Messerschmitt Me 262A-1 to the Americans .
MotorStorm holds the Guinness World Record for the biggest variety of vehicles in a racing game - players are in control of seven different types of vehicles throughout the game : rally cars , big rigs , dirt bikes , ATVs , racing trucks , buggies and mudpluggers .
Tellurium -LRB- -RRB- is a chemical element that has the symbol Te and atomic number 52 .
However , shortly before release of their first album , Sony terminated their contract .
Fernelmont is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Commodities in Marxism In classical political economy and especially Karl Marx 's critique of political economy , a commodity is any good or service produced by human labour and offered as a product for general sale on the market .
Kinorhynchans are segmented , limbless animals , with a body consisting of a head , neck , and a trunk of eleven segments .
The wild precursor of domesticated saffron crocus was Crocus cartwrightianus .
The Frisians are an ethnic group of the Germanic people living in coastal parts of The Netherlands , Denmark and Germany .
Wilson was born in Geneva , Illinois , and graduated from Yale in 1878 .
Edvard Munch -LRB- , 12 December 1863 â '' 23 January 1944 -RRB- was a Norwegian Symbolist painter , printmaker and an important forerunner of expressionist art .
Several pieces of light music are used on BBC Radio 4 to the present day , with Eric Coates 's '' By the Sleepy Lagoon '' being the theme of Desert Island Discs , Arthur Wood 's '' Barwick Green '' the theme of The Archers and Ronald Binge 's '' Sailing By '' preceding the late-night shipping forecast .
In music , counterpoint is the relationship between two or more voices that are independent in contor and rhythm and are harmonically interdependent .
Goulburn was named by surveyor James Meehan after Henry Goulburn , Under-Secretary for War and the Colonies , and the name was ratified by Governor Lachlan Macquarie .
Scott Young -LRB- April 14 , 1918 & ndash ; June 12 , 2005 -RRB- was a Canadian journalist , sportswriter , novelist and the father of musician Neil Young .
Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that was broadcast on BBC One .
Priest River is a city in Bonner County , Idaho , United States .
The second match on the card involved the WWE Women 's Championship , where Beth Phoenix defended her title against Melina .
The club has won 11 championships , 5 State Cups and 4 Toto Cups .
Although Boniperti 's international career was not particularly great he did manage to achieve 38 caps -LRB- 24 of which he played as captain -RRB- and scored 8 goals for the azzurri .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
Like all eagles , it belongs to the family Accipitridae .
He lost to Shinjiro Otani in the match , but WCW went on to win the series .
Peter , his mother , Mrs. Josephine Rabbit , and his sisters , Flopsy , Mopsy , and Cotton-tail live in a rabbit hole that has a human kitchen , human furniture , and a shop where Mrs. Rabbit sells various items .
In a 1989 interview , then-Deputy Prime Minister Toh Chin Chye talked about the creation of the national flag : The design of the flag was completed in two months by a committee headed by Toh .
When all desire has vanished , the person will not be reborn anymore .
On his return to Paris , Reclus contributed to the Revue des deux mondes , the Tour du monde and other periodicals , a large number of articles embodying the results of his geographical work .
Le Bô is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Most of those killed were members of the Sturmabteilung -LRB- SA -RRB- , the paramilitary Brownshirts .
In 1947 and 1948 , Schwarzkopf appeared on tour with the Vienna State Opera at London 's Royal Opera House at Covent Garden on 16 September 1947 as Donna Elvira in Mozart 's Don Giovanni and at La Scala on 28 December 1948 , as the Countess in Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro , which became one of her signature roles .
King Richard II of England commissioned a recipe book called '' Forme of Cury '' in 1390 , around the same time another book was published entitled '' Curye on Inglish '' .
Carlisle is located about south-southwest of Lowell , and northwest of Boston .
For the first time , his audiences were experiencing the futuristic , new direction of modern dance .
Overview It was performed in 44 teams , and Flamengo won the championship .
There is also an audio book called Hau da ene ondasun guzia with his voice reading poems and many songs performed by different singers .
Her mother then entered her in a Little Miss America Pageant where Chase won the national vocal competition .
C. promethea is found in the eastern half of the United States and lower parts of eastern Canada .
Û Ø Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø -RRB- is a city in the province of Sindh in Pakistan .
The first translations in a Western language were published in 1862 by Marquis d'Hervey de Saint-Denys in his Poésies de l'Époque des Thang .
A dissertation or thesis is a document submitted in support of candidature for an academic degree or professional qualification presenting the author 's research and findings .
Four small Neptunian moons have orbits inside the ring system : Naiad and Thalassa orbit in the gap between the Galle and Le Verrier rings , Despina is just inward of the Le Verrier ring , and Galatea lies slightly inward of the Adams ring .
Before blooming , the petals are crumpled in the bud , and as blooming finishes , the petals often lie flat before falling away .
Instead of re-recording the album , the band decided to start from scratch , leading to the creation of American Idiot .
Because of their quasi-judicial powers the Commissioners are often retired senior judges .
Porcupines in search of salt sometimes encroach on human habitats , eating plywood cured with sodium nitrate , certain paints , tool handles , doors , tables , houses , footwear , clothes and other items that have been coated in salty sweat .
Young Cossack Roman Ulybin -LRB- V. Solomin -RRB- is in love with beautiful Dashutka -LRB- Golovina -RRB- .
During the winter of 1929 â '' 1930 , however , Schleicher had more success . After a series of secret meetings attended by MeiÃ ner , Schleicher , and Heinrich BrÃ 1\/4 ning , the parliamentary leader of the Catholic Center Party -LRB- Zentrum -RRB- , Schleicher and MeiÃ ner were able to persuade BrÃ 1\/4 ning to go along with the scheme for '' presidential government '' .
It was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the undisputed queen of Drury Lane .
When DES was approved as a federal standard in 1976 , a machine fast enough to test that many keys in a reasonable time would have cost an unreasonable amount of money to build .
1881 & ndash ; Natalia Goncharova , Russian painter -LRB- d. 1962 -RRB-
Alan Smith -LRB- born 28 October 1980 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Newcastle United .
The library complex also held the State 's Gallery and Museum until the National Gallery of Victoria moved to St Kilda Road in the late 1960s , and the current Melbourne Museum was built in the Carlton Gardens in the 1990s .
Geography Jura is one of four departments of the Franche-Comté region and is surrounded by the French departments of Doubs , Haute-Saône , Côte-d'Or , Saône-et-Loire , and Ain , as well as the Swiss canton of Vaud on the east .
The former are considered emblematic of the final stage of Austro-German Romanticism because of their rich harmonic language , complex polyphony , and considerable length .
It was released on November 21 , 1995 through A&M Records .
Although views are virtually unanimous on certain issues such as abortion , some contrasting viewpoints can be found among people who identify themselves as members of the Christian Right .
Samples are dissolved or suspended in a '' cocktail '' containing an aromatic solvent -LRB- historically benzene or toluene , but more recently less hazardous solvents have come into favor -RRB- and small amounts of other additives known as fluors , i.e. , scintillants or scintillators .
Leandro Vilas Boas Simioni -LRB- born September 29 , 1974 in São Bernardo do Campo -RRB- is a Brazilian soccer player who currently plays for Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam from the Israeli national league .
This original design was modified in 1961 to add the name of the state at the bottom of the flag .
Detailed article the on the events of the Anschluss , in German .
John Belushi 's life is detailed in the 1985 biography Wired : The Short Life and Fast Times of John Belushi by Bob Woodward . Many friends and relatives of Belushi , including his wife Judy , Dan Aykroyd and James Belushi , agreed to be interviewed at length for the book , but later felt the final product was exploitative and not representative of the John Belushi they knew .
Vehicle insurance -LRB- also known as auto insurance , car insurance , or motor insurance -RRB- is insurance purchased for cars , trucks , and other road vehicles .
Assisi Embroidery is a form of counted-thread embroidery which has been practised in Assisi since the 13th century .
Broccoli has large flower heads , usually green in color , arranged in a tree-like fashion on branches sprouting from a thick , edible stalk . The mass of flower heads is surrounded by leaves .
History From the 15th to the 19th century , Massa was the capital of the independent Principate -LRB- later Duchy -RRB- of Massa and Carrara , ruled by the Malaspina and Cybo-Malaspina families .
Nuclear energy policy is a national and international policy concerning some or all aspects of nuclear energy , such as mining for nuclear fuel , extraction and processing of nuclear fuel from the ore , generating electricity by nuclear power , enriching and storing spent nuclear fuel and nuclear fuel reprocessing .
Landreville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Jinn Sh t ki , p. 116 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
Belgeard is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is a hooved -LRB- ungulate -RRB- mammal .
Unlike wine , which is made by fermentation of naturally sweet grapes and other fruit , rice '' wine '' results from the fermentation of rice starch converted to sugars .
Huckleberries are enjoyed by many mammals , including grizzly bears and humans .
In 1813 , he was named to the AcadÃ mie des Beaux-Arts , replacing AndrÃ GrÃ try .
Hill , J. W. ; Petrucci , R. H. ; McCreary , T. W. ; Perry , S. S. General Chemistry , 4th ed/O. , pp45-46 , Pearson Prentice Hall , Upper Saddle River , New Jersey , 2005 .
The Framlingham Branch was a six mile long single track branch railway line that ran from Wickham Market railway station on the East Suffolk Line to via three intermediate stations , , , and .
Leandro Costa Miranda Moraes , shortly LeandrÃ # o -LRB- born July 18 , 1983 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Sport Recife .
It is currently the default window manager of PCFluxboxOS , a remaster of PCLinuxOS , and of Linux Mint Fluxbox CE .
The capital of the district is the town of Dera Ismail Khan .
The Bloor-Danforth Line opened in 1966 along Bloor Street and Danforth Avenue from Keele Street to Woodbine Avenue , and was extended in 1968 to run from Islington Avenue to Warden station at Warden and St. Clair Avenues .
The northern section of Upper Egypt , between El-Ayait and Sohag is sometimes known as Middle Egypt . The designation Upper Egypt is most frequently used as a division for Ancient Egypt .
They are used for their medicinal properties in Ayurveda , the traditional medicinal system of India and Siddha medicine , a traditional Tamil system of medicine .
The latter had now become less powerful , and thirteen cardinals deserted him .
Edmund Beecher Wilson -LRB- 19 October 1856 -- 3 March 1939 -RRB- was a pioneering American zoologist and geneticist .
They are served with jam as a main dish with a variety of savory fillings .
The pantomime first arrived in England as entr ` actes between opera pieces , eventually evolving into separate shows .
A recording studio is a facility for sound recording .
From 13 August 1961 until 9 November 1989 East Berlin was separated from West Berlin by the Berlin Wall .
Kevin Christopher Bieksa -LRB- born June 16 , 1981 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
In 1998 , he stepped in on drums for Pearl Jam 's Yield Tour , and subsequently joined Pearl Jam as a permanent member and has recorded four albums as the band 's drummer -LRB- Binaural -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Riot Act -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Pearl Jam -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and Backspacer -LRB- 2009 -RRB- -RRB- .
Dame Mitsuko Uchida , DBE , born 20 December 1948 , is a Japanese naturalized British classical pianist .
These forces will lay down their arms and surrender at the places where they are currently located to the nearest regular troops under the command of Lieutenant-General JAGJIT SINGH AURORA .
Nathaniel Hawthorne was born on July 4 , 1804 , in Salem , Massachusetts ; his birthplace is preserved and open to the public .
Toshinobu Katsuya is a former Japanese football player .
Of the 20 % of abiotically pollinated species , 98 % is by wind and 2 % by water .
Oats , like rye , are usually considered a secondary crop , i.e. , derived from a weed of the primary cereal domesticates wheat and barley .
Franklin Anthony Thomas Iero Jr. -LRB- born October 31 , 1981 -RRB- is the rhythm guitarist and backup vocalist of the alternative rock band My Chemical Romance and the vocalist of the hardcore punk band Leathermouth .
It is a widespread and common species throughout Europe , the Middle East , Central and Northern Asia , and parts of North Africa in any sort of woodland .
In earlier machines , this low-cost carbon toner was poured by the user from a bottle into a reservoir in the machine .
The city was an important site in the Predynastic era of Ancient Egypt that includes the cultural developments of ten thousand years from the Paleolithic to 3100 BC .
There are few exceptions , such as when the mother is taking certain drugs or is infected with human T-lymphotropic virus , HIV , or has active untreated tuberculosis .
If you have any questions regarding Wikipedia , please ask them at the help desk or the village pump .
The Ark and its sanctuary were '' the beauty of Israel '' -LRB- -RRB- .
In 1618 , two Imperial governors and their secretary were tossed from Prague Castle , sparking the Thirty Years War .
Autoconfirmed status is required to move pages , edit semi-protected pages , and upload files or upload a new version of an existing file .
Prior to the East-West Schism the united Western and Eastern Churches -LRB- the State church of the Roman Empire -RRB- held the First seven Ecumenical Councils -LRB- meeting from the 4th to the 9th century -RRB- .
La Sauve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
JastrzÄ bie-Zdr Ã j ranks as Poland 's 36th largest city .
Following shareholders ' approval at the EGMs of Abbey -LRB- 95 per cent voted in favor , despite vocal opposition from most of those present -RRB- and Santander , the acquisition was formally approved by the courts and Abbey became part of Grupo Santander on 12 November 2004 .
When electric current flows in a circuit , it can transfer energy to do mechanical or thermodynamic work .
com or 18 OctoberSlonimsky , Nicholas , ed .
According to the 2002 Romanian census there are a total of 35,791 Lipovans in Romania , of whom 21,623 living in Dobruja .
Points are awarded to the team with the most goals and the individual goalie who lets in the least number of goals .
For example , orange is produced by red and yellow chromatophores , while purple can be created by a red chromatophore and an iridophore .
The New Jersey Devils are a professional ice hockey team based in Newark , New Jersey .
DjVu has been promoted as an alternative to PDF , promising smaller files than PDF for most scanned documents .
According to his close friend and fellow author Ellen Glasgow , Cabell developed a friendship with a professor at the college which was considered by some to be '' too intimate '' and as a result Cabell was dismissed , although he was subsequently readmitted and finished his degree .
It is the county seat of New Castle County and one of the major cities in the Delaware Valley metropolitan area .
The '' working '' elements of the Port Arthur community such as the post office and municipal offices were moved to nearby Nubeena .
Closed-circuit television -LRB- CCTV -RRB- is the use of video cameras to transmit a signal to a specific place , on a limited set of monitors .
Taylor Ashley Horn -LRB- born October 12 , 1992 , in Redlands , California -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and occasional actress from Kentwood , Louisiana .
This 7770-square-kilometre sandstone plateau roughly the size of Puerto Rico rises 300m from the desert floor .
Palluel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Swadlincote lies near the junction of A514 -LRB- Derby to A444 -RRB- and A511 -LRB- Burton upon Trent to Ashby-de-la-Zouch -RRB- roads .
In Malaysia , he finished fifth after duels with Mark Webber and Jarno Trulli .
When giving coordinates , please do n't be overly precise .
Forcalquier -LRB- Occitan : Forcauquier -RRB- is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France .
It is officially sponsored and recommended by the Free Software Foundation .
A cryptographic hash function is a deterministic procedure that takes an arbitrary block of data and returns a fixed-size bit string , the -LRB- cryptographic -RRB- hash value , such that an accidental or intentional change to the data will change the hash value .
Maley & Taunton is a defunct tram and tramway engineering company .
The subway system is a very popular mode of public transport in Toronto , with an average of 948,100 passenger trips each weekday -LRB- as of Q1 2010 -RRB- .
Halls is the brand name of a popular mentholated cough drop .
It is currently operated by National Express East Anglia and is in Travelcard Zone 3 , on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
The Kikuyu are Kenya 's most populous ethnic group .
The county was formed in 1779 from the southern half of Bute County .
The Canadiens defeated the Rosebuds three games to two in the best-of-five game series .
Mary condemned 277 people for heresy .
It is a geographically distinct region , lying between the Berkshire Downs and the River Thames , named after the prehistoric Uffington White Horse .
Roussel was by temperament a classicist .
Luciano Castellini -LRB- born 12 December 1945 -RRB- is a retired Italian football goalkeeper .
A lustrous , silvery gray , tetravalent transition metal , hafnium chemically resembles zirconium and is found in zirconium minerals .
'' Google is watching .
The following is a list of the 33 cantons of the Ardèche department , in France , sorted by arrondissement :
August 18 & ndash ; Thomas de Ros , 9th Baron de Ros , English soldier and politician -LRB- b. 1406 -RRB-
Amplier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
An alternative name , which allowed a different usage with metric prefixes , was the stère .
Both cars were forced to retire and Hamilton was given a 10 position grid penalty for the next race , the , as a result of this incident .
It was first released on VHS in North America in the Masterpiece Collection series on April 24 , 1996 and DVD on April 4 , 2000 in the Gold Classic Collection line .
In 1994 and 1995 , he conspired with McVeigh in the planning and preparation of the Oklahoma City bombing â '' the truck bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma on April 19 , 1995 which claimed the lives of 168 people including 19 children .
One of the chief works of Mandaean scripture , accessible to laymen and initiates alike , is the Draša d-Iahia '' the Book of John the Baptist '' , which includes a dialog between John and Jesus .
Jochi , eldest son of Genghis Khan , leads a Mongol campaign against the Kyrgyz .
Lorne '' Chabotsky '' Chabot -LRB- October 5 , 1900 in Montreal , Quebec - October 10 , 1946 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender .
The group gave its first performance as the Amadeus Quartet at the Wigmore Hall in London on 10 January 1948 , underwritten by Imogen HolstObituary of Nissel -LRB- Daily Telegraph 24 May 2008 -RRB- : -LSB- -RSB- .
The feared ` second wave ' of fatalities from disease and lack of relief efforts never materialized .
Notably , the music received a slight quality upgrade with modern MIDI tools .
Zelda II : The Adventure of Link , released as in Japan , is an action adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System , and it is the second installment in The Legend of Zelda video game series .
The company was formed in December 1994 .
He is Town Crier to The Mayor of London , The City of Westminster , and London Boroughs , also Freeman and Liveryman of The City of London .
Ushicon Panels - 2003 Okashina Okashi is hosted on Comic Genesis , a free hosting provider for webcomics .
For example , the year of the Yang Fire Rat occurred in 1936 and in 1996 , 60 years apart .
The original game port design by IBM -LRB- released in 1981 as a separate expansion card for the first IBM PC -RRB- initially allowed four analog axes and four buttons on one port , allowing two joysticks or four paddles to be connected , although this required a special '' Y-splitter '' cable and is n't fully supported by some combined midi\/game ports usually found on sound cards .
But she being instructed before by her mother , said : Give me here in a dish the head of John the Baptist .
An adviser to Kamehameha noted that the Union Flag could draw Hawaii into international conflict as his kingdom could be seen as an ally of the United Kingdom , and he subsequently lowered the Union Flag over his home at Kamakahonu .
New York , NY Cooper-Hewitt , National Design Museum National Museum of the American Indian 's George Gustav Heye Center Chantilly , VA National Air and Space Museum 's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center Leesburg , VA Smithsonian Naturalist Center In addition , there are 156 museums that are Smithsonian affiliates .
Background The plant originated in the Near East , and has been part of the human diet since the aceramic -LRB- non-pottery producing -RRB- Neolithic times , being one of the first crops domesticated in the Near East .
Clarence J. '' Clancy '' Brown III -LRB- born January 5 , 1959 -RRB- is an American actor and voice actor known for his roles as Byron Hadley in the award winning The Shawshank Redemption , Brother Justin Crowe in HBO 's critically acclaimed Carnivale , Career Sergeant Zim in Starship Troopers as well as for his role as the Kurgan in the cult classic Highlander .
The country 's largest city and capital was Moscow with nine million inhabitants .
It sits 3,812 m -LRB- 12,500 ft -RRB- above sea level , making it one of the highest commercially navigable lakes in the world .
Instrumentation The singers perform with a Classical-era orchestra , augmented with the instruments needed for '' Turkish '' music : bass drum , cymbals , triangle , and piccolo .
Massimo Taibi -LRB- born 18 February 1970 in Palermo -RRB- is a retired Italian football goalkeeper , who played for several clubs , mostly in Italy 's Serie A , B , and C1 .
It may be useful to notice that entry 105 gives a relationship between the Fourier transform of a function and the original function , which can be seen as relating the Fourier transform and its inverse .
Lyuli , in Central Asia
Mercatel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In Canada , there is Pui Ying Christian Services Society under which Pui Ying College and 11 Chinese schools operate . Pui Ying Alumni Associations can be found all over the world , e.g. in the USA , Canada , New Zealand , Australia , England , South Africa , Japan , Peru , Singapore , Thailand , Guangzhou , Taishan , Jiangmen and Taiwan .
Temperatures on the surface have been estimated to lie between about â 20 Â C with the Sun overhead , dropping to about â ' 190 Â C at the winter pole .
Between the years 1946-1956 , more than 160 of his patients died under suspicious circumstances .
It is a continuation of the canceled Fox science fiction television series Firefly , taking place after the events of the final episode .
Hares are generally larger than rabbits , with longer ears , and have black markings on their fur . Hares have not been domesticated , while European rabbits are often kept as house pets .
The Nissan Skyline -LRB- in Japanese -RRB- is a line of compact cars originally produced by the Japanese carmaker Prince Motor Company starting in 1957 and subsequently by Nissan after the two companies merged in 1966 .
Canada -LRB- Toronto , ON -RRB- : Virgin Radio 999
BBC Four launched on 2 March 2002 '' Culture , controversy and cutting edge documentary : BBC FOUR prepares to launch '' , BBC Press Office , 14 February 2002 .
The ANC represented the main opposition to the government during apartheid and therefore they played a major role in resolving the conflict through participating in the peacemaking and peace-building processes .
Only three months after retirement to their new home '' Polk Place '' in Nashville , James Polk died .
It is also the largest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
A day -LRB- or the celebration on that day -RRB- commemorating a certain saint , in Christianity .
Artists ' brushes are usually given numbered sizes , although there is no exact standard for their physical dimensions .
1997 It is the major topic of the science of pedology , whose other aspects include the soil morphology , classification -LRB- taxonomy -RRB- of soils , and their distribution in nature , present and past -LRB- soil geography and paleopedology -RRB- .
Forbes arrived in Sydney in March 1824 , and Court commenced on 17 May 1824 .
N -LRB- ; named en -RRB- is the fourteenth letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
Lead compounds are those chemical compounds which contain lead .
During this time he served as Minister for Education -LRB- 1959 -- 1965 -RRB- , Minister for Industry & Commerce -LRB- 1965 -- 1966 -RRB- , Minister for Labour -LRB- 1966 -- 1969 -RRB- and Minister for Foreign Affairs -LRB- 1969 -- 1973 -RRB- .
Biography Early life Monica Lewinsky was born in San Francisco , California , and grew up in Southern California on the west side of Los Angeles and in Beverly Hills .
It was announced prior to the start of the season that Hamilton would be partnering defending double World Champion Fernando Alonso who had joined McLaren after leaving Renault .
Tilloy-l Ã s-Mofflaines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Salzburg was integrated into the Salzach province and Salzburgerland was ruled from Linz .
-RRB- Brian Joo -LRB- -RRB-
These were Manila , Cavite , Bulacan , Pampanga , Nueva Ecija , Bataan , Laguna , and Batangas .
Historically wire rope evolved from steel chains which had a record of mechanical failure .
The town is principally known as the birthplace of bushranger Ned Kelly and his home for the first nine years of his life .
Another instance in Dodd 's career foreshadowed the creativity he would use in his coaching career .
Saint-Longis is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Croats -LRB- -RRB- are a South Slavic ethnic group mostly living in Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby countries .
Games such as Super Mario Bros. and Sonic the Hedgehog are among the most famous side-scrollers of this type .
Fehren is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
He was cast in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , after being suggested for the role to Marti Noxon by one of Boreanaz 's neighbors , after walking his dog past their house .
Seven-times world champion and rival Michael Schumacher has said himself that Häkkinen is the man he respected the most during his Formula One career .
They raised her as their daughter , Nicole Richie , and adopted her legally when she was nine years old .
Results also indicated that -LRB- in general -RRB- tritium has decreased over the years -LRB- up to 1997 -RRB- due to the physical decay of bomb tritium in the Indian Ocean .
Kenji Koyama is a Japanese football player .
April 8 & ndash ; Jadwiga of Lithuania , Polish princess -LRB- d. 1431 -RRB-
Central Park is a public greenspace and park in the heart of Manhattan in New York City , with approximately twenty-five million visitors each year , it is the most visited urban park in the United States .
The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society -LRB- FHI -RRB- is a science research institute located at the heart of the academic district of Dahlem , in Berlin , Germany .
He has cataracts and is almost entirely blind -LRB- which has severely impaired his reading ability and has led to repeated revokings of his driver 's license -RRB- , and has used medical marijuana .
The use of percussion instruments became more frequent in the twentieth century classical music .
He was born on 6 December 1421 at Windsor , and succeeded to the throne at the age of nine months as King of England on 31 August 1422 , when his father died , and King of France on 21 October 1422 upon his grandfather Charles VI 's death in agreement with the Treaty of Troyes in 1420 .
Later they evolved into more elaborate designs made of pottery , taking the shape of faces where the smoke and steam from cooking would pour out through the eyes and mouth , or into constructions that were more like modern louvers , with slats that could be opened or closed by pulling on a string .
Narcotrafficking ,
Published in England on 17 August 1945 , the book reflects events leading up to and during the Stalin era before World War II .
The University of Virginia -LRB- also The University , Mr. Jefferson 's University , or Virginia ; often abbreviated as U. Va. or UVA -RRB- is a public research university located in Charlottesville , Virginia , United States , founded by Thomas Jefferson .
The Royal Albert Hall is an arts venue situated in the Knightsbridge area of the City of Westminster , London , England , best known for holding the annual summer Proms concerts since 1941 .
While the only single released from the album was '' Tears Are Falling '' , music videos were also shot for the songs '' Who Wants To Be Lonely '' and '' Uh !
Beginning in the 1960s , James E. Lloyd 's investigation of female fireflies of the genus Photuris revealed they emit the same light signals that females of the genus Photinus use as a mating signal .
Asia Vietnam is given the official name of Annam by China .
The district covers an area of 1,969 km with the city of Abbottabad being the principal town of this district .
The main difference is that the ball may bounce twice before it is hit , the second bounce may even be outside the court . All four Grand Slam tournaments include wheelchair tennis .
Since James pinned Victoria , however , and not Melina , Jonathan Coachman announced that a rematch would take place immediately .
Good Eats is a television cooking show created and hosted by Alton Brown that airs in North America on Food Network .
The former subdivisions of Pakistan are states , provinces and territories which mainly existed between 1947 and 1975 when the current provinces and territories were established .
Owen Robert Spencer-Thomas MBE is perhaps best known as a television and radio news journalist over three decades , but he has also done a wide range of philanthropric work as volunteer charity fundraiser , pioneer and campaigner for people with autism and other disabiliies .
As a tropical cyclone , Laura never approached land , and no damages or fatalities occurred .
Freeware -LRB- from '' free '' and '' software '' -RRB- is computer software that is available for use at no cost or for an optional fee , but usually with one or more restricted usage rights . Freeware is in contrast to commercial software , which is typically sold for profit .
The Spanish conquest of Yucatán was the campaign undertaken by the Spanish conquistadores against the Late Postclassic Maya states and polities , particularly in the northern and central Yucatán Peninsula but also involving the Maya polities of the Guatemalan highlands region .
As the state capital of Arizona , many residents in the area are employed by the government .
Since 1987 , the site has been managed by the Port Arthur Historic Site Management Authority , with conservation works funded by the Tasmanian Government and the admission fees paid by visitors .
Trouville-sur-Mer , commonly referred to as Trouville , is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The former species is primarily found in Europe , the latter two are Asian , and most uses of the common name refer to the European species .
The second of the Statutes of Mortmain are passed under King Edward I of England , which prevents land from passing into possession of the church .
Jörg Breu the Younger , German painter -LRB- d. 1547 -RRB-
Norton 360 , developed by Symantec , is marketed as an '' all-in-one '' security suite .
Swilling had a series of canals built which followed those of the ancient Native American system .
'' K \* The Native Speaker : Myth and Reality By Alan Davies ISBN 1853596221
The third level of football in Korea is the K3 League .
The ground took its new name from the newly created parliamentary constituency .
Alrance is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France .
In its current state , Ravenscraig is one of the largest derelict sites in Europe measuring over 1125 a in size , an area equivalent to 700 football pitches or twice the size of Monaco .
Inouye was initially awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his bravery in this action , with the award later being upgraded to the Medal of Honor by President Bill Clinton -LRB- alongside 21 other Nisei servicemen who served in the 442nd Regimental Combat Team and were believed to have been denied proper recognition of their bravery due to their race -RRB- .
The fact that other year articles may include events which break this set of guidelines is not a valid reason to do so for another event .
The term peafowl can refer to the two species of bird in the genus Pavo of the pheasant family , Phasianidae . The African Congo Peafowl is placed in its own genus Afropavo and is not dealt with here .
A pickled cucumber -LRB- commonly known as a pickle in Australia , Canada , and the United States or generically as Gherkins in the UK -RRB- is a cucumber that has been pickled in a brine , vinegar , or other solution and left to ferment for a period of time , by either immersing the cucumbers in an acidic solution or through souring by lacto-fermentation .
Concentrated hydrochloric acid dissolves many metals and forms oxidized metal chlorides and hydrogen gas , and it reacts with basic compounds such as calcium carbonate or copper -LRB- II -RRB- oxide , forming the dissolved chlorides that can be analyzed .
The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation -LRB- GHMC -RRB- comprises the erstwhile Hyderabad Municipal Corporation , plus 10 municipalities & 8 panchayats in Ranga Reddy district and 2 municipalities in Medak district .
In fact , it is the third dimmest of the first twenty-three asteroids discovered -LRB- only 13 Egeria and 17 Thetis having lower mean opposition magnitudes .
Ten delegates , among them Louis Haefliger -LRB- Camp Mauthausen -RRB- , Paul Dunant -LRB- Camp Theresienstadt -RRB- and Victor Maurer -LRB- Camp Dachau -RRB- , accepted the assignment and visited the camps .
Regular rectal exams , as well as measurement of Prostate Specific Antigen are recommended for men , usually ages 40 and up to detect prostate cancer early .
By rail , the regional trains and buses of the TER Pays de la Loire link major towns and cities of the Pays de la Loire and adjoining regions , including those of the département .
He is best known for his book Les Propheties -LRB- The Prophecies -RRB- , the first edition of which appeared in 1555 .
There are several movements on the island calling for some degree of Corsican autonomy from France , or even full independence .
The first three followed a one-year trial , while the 2006 Western Australian Daylight Saving Bill -LRB- No. 2 -RRB- 2006 instituted a daylight-saving trial beginning on 3 December 2006 and lasting for three years .
The players have to memorize the positions of the pieces on the chess board .
The Nazi anti-tobacco campaign included banning smoking in trams , buses and city trains , promoting health education , limiting cigarette rations in the Wehrmacht , organizing medical lectures for soldiers , and raising the tobacco tax . The National Socialists also imposed restrictions on tobacco advertising and smoking in public spaces , and regulated restaurants and coffeehouses .
Linguists believe that the etymology of the word either involves the Middle High German word lab -LRB- to clot -RRB- or the word laib -LRB- loaf -RRB- , and the Slavic root quas -LRB- feast -RRB- .
but grew up in Titusville , Florida , the son of a preacher with one brother and two sisters .
The film was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action .
Contemporary Marketing Mason , OH : South-Western Cengage Learning .
Fruges is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Overview It was performed in 20 teams , and Corinthians won the championship .
His term of office continued until December 31 , 1971 , when he retired .
A visit by Pope John Paul II to visit Knock in 1979 to commemorate the centenary of the apparition .
Initially the storm was predicted to execute a clockwise loop and drift to the west in response to a high pressure system .
In 1650 , when the English Parliament banned independent Christian organizations from meeting together , this congregation braved persecution until 1688 , when the Baptists were once again allowed to worship in freedom .
Yousuf Karsh , CC -LRB- December 23 , 1908 -- July 13 , 2002 -RRB- was a Canadian photographer of Armenian heritage , and one of the most famous and accomplished portrait photographers of all time .
In normal operation , the freight train would not wait at Dahlerau .
She was a multi-millionairess thanks to her marriage to '' Stan Walker '' -LRB- an unseen character -RRB- until discovering he was broke .
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 -LRB- IAUC 8802 -RRB- , it was known by the provisional designation S\/2003 N 1 .
The cardinality of a finite set is a natural number , the number of elements in the set .
Stories of the Yeti first emerged as a facet of Western popular culture in the 19th century .
The hydroxyl group generally makes the alcohol molecule polar .
The whole of the lower half of his body and right side of his face are replaced , as is his left arm from the shoulder down , with scarring and metal accouterments covering what little was left of his organic self .
The open-air assembly -LRB- Landsgemeinde -RRB- was held in Stans annually until its abolition in 1997 .
Zencafe , a distribution designed for internet cafes .
After construction of the railway line to Gympie , the coastal and river towns , being mostly ports for the early river trade , were bypassed .
Magnetic field lines outside of a magnet point from the north pole to the south .
In contrast to other 32-bit era Final Fantasy titles , Final Fantasy Tactics uses a 3D , isometric , rotatable playing field , with bitmap sprite characters .
Father 's Day -LRB- in Belgium on the second Sunday in June -RRB- -LRB- in the United States , the United Kingdom , Mexico , Venezuela , the Netherlands , Ireland and Canada on the third Sunday in June -RRB-
A suicide pact describes the suicides of two or more individuals in an agreed-upon plan .
Marzahn-Hellersdorf is the tenth borough of Berlin , formed in 2001 by merging the former boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf .
Agy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Port Said is also an important harbor for exports of Egyptian products like cotton and rice , but also a fueling station for ships that pass through the Suez Canal .
The angle of view created by a telephoto lens is the same as that created by an ordinary lens of the same specified focal length .
In the 2008 Tour de France he won four stages , a then unprecedented achievement for a British cyclist -LRB- he surpassed the feat , winning six stages in 2009 and a further 5 in 2010 -RRB- and he has since been described as the fastest sprinter in the world .
This directly ascribes ` Perys Ploughman ' to one ` Willielmi de Langlond ' , son of ` Stacy de Rokayle , who died in Shipton-under-Wichwood , a tenant of the Lord Spenser in the county of Oxfordshire ' .
It was in use from at least the 6th century BC until approximately the 4th century AD ; several complete compositions and fragments of compositions using this notation survive .
The two main Gaelic games are Gaelic football and Hurling , both of which are organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association -LRB- GAA -RRB- .
La Chaise is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Its formal name honors Joaquim Américo Guimarães , a former chairman of Internacional-PR , which was a football club that merged with América - PR , thus forming Atlético Paranaense .
Darling -LRB- I 'll Never Do You No Harm -RRB- '' .
Anna Maria Thelott -LRB- 1683 â '' 1710 -RRB- was a Swedish artist , and one of the first self-supporting and professional female artists in Scandinavia .
In the United States , The Young Ones ran on PBS , MTV , Comedy Central in 1994 , and BBC America in the early 2000s Music The series ' theme song featured the cast singing Cliff Richard and The Shadows UK # 1 song '' The Young Ones '' .
Of all the songs in the album , '' Strutter '' , '' Nothin ' to Lose '' , '' Deuce '' , '' Cold Gin '' , '' Black Diamond '' , and '' 100,000 Years '' remain as permanent staples in the band 's shows throughout the years .
Robert of Auxerre , French chronicler -LRB- b. 1156 -RRB-
External links Simon Barere 's Liszt , Rachmaninoff , Balakirev , Chopin on Remington Records .
Some teen idols are child actors .
On 9 May 1927 Parliament moved to the new national capital at Canberra , where it met in what is now called Old Parliament House .
As part of a general age of discovery Genoese sailor Christopher Columbus proposed a voyage west from Europe to find a shorter route to Asia .
Before nationalisation of the railways in 1948 and the creation of British Railways , three of the '' Big Four '' railway companies operated in Northamptonshire : the London , Midland and Scottish Railway , London and North Eastern Railway and Great Western Railway .
Endocrine glands are glands of the endocrine system that secrete their products , hormones , directly into the blood rather than through a duct .
One of his first picture stories , Max and Moritz -LRB- published in 1865 -RRB- , was an immediate success and has achieved the status of a popular classic and perennial bestseller .
UCL is organised into eight constituent faculties , within which there are over 100 departments , institutes and research centres .
Its capital is the city of Prato .
In 1991 , he conceived the one-man music project Burzum , which quickly became popular within the early Norwegian black metal scene .
The report discusses the effect of global warming on the world economy .
As of 2000 , the population was 59,383 .
Minnie and Mickey were both created in 1928 .
All Western nuclear reactors are within containment buildings .
Around Ciney , in the future Wallonia , begins the fratricid war of the cow which will last until 1278 .
Shizuoka , Shizuoka -- a city in Shizuoka Prefecture with 700,000 people
Every Nintendo handheld system following the release of the original Game Boy Advance -LRB- SP and Micro versions of the Game Boy Advance , as well as the Nintendo DS , DS Lite , and DSi -RRB- has included a built-in light and rechargeable battery .
If the Reichstag should threaten to annul any laws so passed , Hindenburg could counter with the threat of dissolution .
influenced =
With '' Upper Norrland '' people usually mean Norrbotten and Västerbotten counties .
The county was formed in 1841 from parts of Burke County and Wilkes County .
Famous SOS calls -LRB- used CQD as well -RRB- HMHS Britannic References '' The Wireless Telegraph Conference '' , The Electrician , November 27 , 1903 , pages 157 -- 160 , 214 .
Bad Wiessee is a spa town on Lake Tegernsee , Bavaria , Germany .
The first article of Declaration of the Rights of Woman and the Female Citizen replied : '' Woman is born free and remains equal to man in rights .
Margrethe II -LRB- Margrethe Alexandrine Ã Ã rhildur Ingrid , sometimes anglicised as Margaret II -RRB- -LRB- born 16 April 1940 -RRB- is the queen regnant of Denmark .
They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich .
The name silicosis -LRB- from the Latin silex or flint -RRB- was attributed to Visconti in 1870 .
Vallon-Pont-d ` Arc
Amsoldingen is a municipality in the Thun administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Lactantius gives the text of the edict in his moralized chronicle of the bad ends to which all the persecutors came , De Mortibus Persecutorum -LRB- '' On the Deaths of the Persecutors '' , chapters 34 , 35 -RRB- .
Modern day use of the site has apparently been hindered by the presence of old tunnels that were in use during World War II .
Some animals of alpine tundra environments include the Kea parrot , marmot , mountain goats , chinchilla , woodland caribou , and pika .
When the Brahmins began to accept it , they declared it as a secret doctrine .
Feuguerolles-Bully is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A history of the game : its players , and its strategy , Crown Publishers 1968 , p. 154 , is an Argentine-Spanish former footballer and coach , widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time .
Marriages and family He was married three times : Celia Lovsky -LRB- 1934 13 March 1945 , divorced -RRB- ; Kaaren Verne -LRB- 25 May 1945 1950 , divorced -RRB- and Annemarie Brenning -LRB- 21 July 1953 23 March 1964 , his death -RRB- .
Other schisms , the Reformation in Denmark and the Norway .
History Late Middle Ages Gleiwitz was first mentioned as a town in 1276 and was ruled during the Middle Ages by the Silesian Piast dukes .
His first novel , Catherine Herself , was published in 1920 , when he was 20 .
From 1961 , this vehicle was called the Ford Taunus Transit .
The President of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila is the principal executive officer of the University of the City of Manila .
The song debuted at number two in the United Kingdom , becoming Adele 's third top ten single .
Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood was produced by Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA public broadcaster WQED and Rogers ' non-profit production company Family Communications , Inc. -LRB- named Small World Enterprises prior to 1971 -RRB- .
In geological terms , Afro-Eurasia is expected to be a supercontinent when Africa collides with Europe .
1939 & ndash ; Holocaust : The , a ship carrying 963 Jewish refugees , is denied permission to land in Florida , United States , after already being turned away from Cuba .
The Canadian Women 's Hockey League -LRB- CWHL -RRB- ice hockey league was founded in 2007 .
Associated with other diseases -LRB- APAH -RRB- : collagen vascular disease -LRB- e.g. scleroderma -RRB- , congenital shunts between the systemic and pulmonary circulation , portal hypertension , HIV infection , drugs , toxins , or other diseases or disorders
The host would introduce the contestant or ask their name and hometown .
Year 1385 -LRB- MCCCLXXXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Yasuo Suzuki -LRB- born April 30 , 1913 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston -LRB- born February 11 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress .
Its foundation was in 1971 .
A draft was held the following week on RAW .
Yelp , Inc. is a company that operates yelp.com , a social networking , user review , and local search web site .
Alfred the Great -LRB- , '' elf counsel '' ; 849 â '' 26 October 899 -RRB- was King of Wessex from 871 to 899 .
The note two octaves and one semitone above the lowest note -LRB- C# for soprano , tenor and great bass instruments ; F# for sopranino , alto and bass instruments -RRB- is difficult to play on most recorders .
This could be another boot manager , such as the Microsoft boot menu , allowing further selection of non-Multiboot operating systems .
However , Dr. Wily grows disloyal of his partner and reprograms these six robots to aid himself in taking control of the world .
Sverigetopplistan , earlier known as Topplistan and Hitlistan and other names , is since October 2007 the Swedish national record chart , based on sales data from Swedish Recording Industry Association -LRB- in Swedish Grammofonleverantörernas förening -RRB- .
A famous example of a fictional universe is Arda , of J. R. R. Tolkien 's books The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion .
In one game , the Bruins shut out Toronto 6 -- 0 , while they lost the other game 8 -- 0 .
Vitamin G Riboflavin Reclassified as Vitamin B2 Vitamin H Biotin Reclassified as Vitamin B7 Vitamin J Catechol , Flavin Protein metabolite Vitamin L1 Michael W. Davidson -LRB- 2004 -RRB- Anthranilic Acid -LRB- Vitamin L -RRB- Florida State University .
Rainfall decreases from east to west , resulting in different types of prairies , with the tallgrass prairie in the wetter eastern region , mixed-grass prairie in the central Great Plains , and shortgrass prairie towards the rain shadow of the Rockies .
It was the first transportation system between the eastern seaboard -LRB- New York City -RRB- and the western interior -LRB- Great Lakes -RRB- of the United States that did not require portage , was faster than carts pulled by draft animals , and cut transport costs by about 95 % .
The Arch of Constantine is a triumphal arch in Rome , situated between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill .
The Sabres made their new home at the Marine Midland Arena , the Flyers at the CoreStates Center , the Senators at the Corel Centre , and the Canadiens at the Molson Centre .
Crabs are found in all of the world 's oceans , while many crabs live in fresh water and on land , particularly in tropical regions .
Finnish paganism provided the inspiration for the 20th century religion Finnish neopaganism , Suomenusko -LRB- = Finnish religion -RRB- , which is an attempt to reconstruct the old religion of the Finns .
21st century In the 2001 General Election , the Labour Party won a second successive victory and the country 's economic expansion continued greatly despite the effects of the September 11th attacks in the United States .
July 27 -- Seven Years War -LRB- French and Indian War -RRB- : British troops under Jeffrey Amherst take Fort Ticonderoga .
For other uses of '' elongation '' , see Elongation .
Amherst may refer to :
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
In January 1929 , Botvinnik played for Leningrad in the student team chess championship against Moscow .
During the Cold War , KÃ penick was part of East Berlin .
People from Plymouth are known as Plymothians or less formally as Janners . Its meaning is described as a person from Devon , deriving from Cousin Jan -LRB- the Devon form of John -RRB- , but more particularly in naval circles anyone from the Plymouth area .
From the time that the processor 's instruction decoder has figured out that it has encountered a conditional branch instruction to the time that the deciding register value can be read out , the pipeline might be stalled for several cycles .
Pembroke is a city in Christian County , Kentucky , United States .
After the departure of Wehrmacht from Preveza , in September 1944 , a part of the Greek Civil War took place in Preveza , lasing 16 days and known as The Combat of Preveza .
It was developed by Square Enix 's fifth Product Development Division , based in Osaka , and released as the second disc of Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + in Japan on March 29 , 2007 and as a standalone title in North America on December 2 , 2008 . It has not been released in Europe or Australia .
La Suze-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The third annual WrestleMania Art -LRB- formerly WrestleManiArt -RRB- , an art exhibition and auction featuring work by WWE superstars , was held on March 24 at the Make-A-Wish Foundation National Headquarters .
Raw , i.e. uncalibrated , radiocarbon ages are usually reported in radiocarbon years '' Before Present '' -LRB- BP -RRB- , '' Present '' being defined as 1950 CE .
Craven County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Jhelum -LRB- Urdu , -RRB- -LRB- Greek : Alexandria Bucephalous -RRB- is a city on the right bank of the Jhelum River , in the district of the same name in the north of Punjab province , Pakistan .
The earliest known critical historical works were The Histories , composed by Herodotus of Halicarnassus -LRB- 484 BCâ '' ca .425 BC -RRB- who later became known as the ` father of history ' -LRB- Cicero -RRB- .
Street furniture is a collective term for objects and pieces of equipment installed on streets and roads for various purposes , including traffic barriers ,
Jurors for 2007 were Charles D'Ambrosio , Lily Tuck and Ursula K. Le Guin .
St Andrews -LRB- Scots : Sanct Androis -RRB- , -LRB- -RRB- is a university town and former royal burgh on the east coast of Fife in Scotland .
Until 1939 the city 's name was Treptow an der Tollense .
In 2009 , Hansard said that he and Irglova were no longer romantically linked , and that they are now '' good friends '' .
January & ndash ; William Pitt the Younger , later Prime Minister , enters Parliament .
Bazouges-sur-le-Loir is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The film features the voices of Mike Myers , Eddie Murphy , Cameron Diaz , Antonio Banderas , Julie Andrews , John Cleese , Rupert Everett and Jennifer Saunders .
Tricity -LRB- or Tri-City , in Polish Trójmiasto -RRB- is an urban area consisting of three Polish cities : Gda sk , Gdynia and Sopot .
Dante fought in the front rank of the Guelph cavalry at the battle of Campaldino -LRB- June 11 , 1289 -RRB- .
People with BDD often have more than one area of concern .
This has freed it up for fine adjustments of focus , allowing a very high resolution to be obtained .
Merckx won Paris-Roubaix and started his domination of the grands tours by becoming the first Belgian to win the Giro d'Italia in 1968 .
Viel-Arcy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It gained independence from South Africa on 21 March 1990 following the Namibian War of Independence .
TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on December 13 , 2009 at the AT&T Center in San Antonio , Texas .
Milan is a town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
British forces had occupied the area for over 40 years and Scot-Irish settlers were a constant preoccupation to the Spanish authorities .
Zinc sulfate -LRB- ZnSO4 -RRB- is a colorless crystalline , water-soluble chemical compound .
Lhuis
More significant than the honor of the prize itself , the official congratulation from the International Committee of the Red Cross marked the overdue rehabilitation of Henry Dunant and represented a tribute to his key role in the formation of the Red Cross .
The district was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts Cottbus-Land , Forst , Guben and Spremberg .
Leicestershire a. -RRB- Charnwood , b. -RRB- Melton , c. -RRB- Harborough , d. -RRB- Oadby and Wigston , e. -RRB- Blaby , f. -RRB- Hinckley and Bosworth , g. -RRB- North West Leicestershire 7 .
In 2007 , following WrestleMania , all PPV events became tri-branded .
This particular film has ten such segments .
Panjgur is a small town in Panjgur District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
On 10 October 2000 around lunchtime , Dewar sustained an icy fall .
Hoyle , Ben .
Swampy habitats like shallow wetlands , coastal lagoons and large brackish river deltas also existed at this time , and there is much to suggest that this is the kind of environment in which the tetrapods evolved .
His pilot , Juan de la Cosa drew his world map -LRB- the first including the coast of New World -RRB- in El Puerto in 1500 .
Light from the star is analyzed by splitting it up by a diffraction grating , subdividing the incoming photons into a spectrum exhibiting a rainbow of colors interspersed by absorption lines , each line indicating a certain ion of a certain chemical element .
They also owned a substantial ranch in northern Arkansas , where Davis learned to ride horses as a boy .
Pallone col bracciale or simply bracciale was particularly popular throughout Italy and it was considered the most popular sport of ancient Italian national sports since the 16th century and its first official regulations invented by Antonio Scaino from SalÃ date back to 1555 .
On his 80th birthday , 18 July 2007 , Masur conducted musicians from both orchestras at a Proms concert in London .
Samuel Adams -LRB- â '' October 2 , 1803 -RRB- was an American statesman , political philosopher , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Although they miss on about 50 % of strikes , they catch about the same weight of insects per night as web-weaving spiders of similar size .
Sophia Bush , an American actress .
V. J. Rosivach , '' Plautine Stage Settings , '' Transactions and Proceedings of the American Philological Association 101 -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , pp .
Melbourne , Australia
It has not yet been officially named , but '' LaFayette '' has been proposed by a group of astronomers in reference to the frigate used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the insurgents .
With its many historic and colorful half-timbered -LRB- fachwerk -RRB- buildings , Laubach is an area of interest to tourists .
The Mario Kart franchise began with Super Mario Kart for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System , and is currently the most successful and longest-running kart-racing franchise .
Historically , concubinage was frequently voluntary -LRB- by the woman and\/or her family 's arrangement -RRB- , as it provided a measure of economic security for the woman involved .
Hannibal thereupon went into voluntary exile .
He was one of the first to propose that the lands bordering the Atlantic Ocean were once joined -LRB- South America and Africa in particular -RRB- .
The ballad '' Under the Bridge '' was released as a second single , and went on to reach # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart , the highest the band has reached on that chart as of 2011 , and became one of the band 's most recognizable songs . Other singles such as '' Breaking the Girl '' and '' Suck My Kiss '' also charted well .
Born as Alfons Karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .
The 152-turbine project by Scottish and Southern EnergyScottish and Southern Energy project website , which was approved by the Scottish Parliament in July 2008 , capable of powering 320,000 homes , and will be larger than the 322 MW Whitelee Wind Farm near Glasgow .
A venture capitalist -LRB- also known as a VC -RRB- is a person or investment firm that makes venture investments , and these venture capitalists are expected to bring managerial and technical expertise as well as capital to their investments .
Over the life of his career , Chesney has been honored with numerous awards from the Academy of Country Music -LRB- ACM -RRB- , Country Music Association -LRB- CMA -RRB- , American Music Awards -LRB- AMA -RRB- , Country Music Television -LRB- CMT -RRB- , Billboard Music Awards -LRB- BMA -RRB- , People 's Choice Awards -LRB- PCA -RRB- , and the French Country Music Awards -LRB- FCMA -RRB- .
In October 1987 , a mammogram detected a lesion in Nancy Reagan 's left breast and she was subsequently diagnosed with breast cancer .
In December 2008 , the second single '' La La Land '' was released and reached number fifty-two on the Hot 100 .
Saiky Line \/O/ Sh nan-Shinjuku Line -LRB- Yamanote Freight Line -RRB- - also used by Narita Express trains
Development of cold front The cooler , denser air wedges under the less dense warmer air , lifting it , which can cause the formation of a narrow line of showers and thunderstorms when enough moisture is present .
The Ancient Greeks covered their bread with oils , herbs and cheese .
Hazel is a city in Calloway County , Kentucky , United States .
The most recent Moondyne Festival was on 4 May 2008 .
Lorsch is a town in the BergstraÃ e district in Hesse , Germany , 60 km south of Frankfurt .
Despite never being on a Super Bowl-winning team , he is recognized as one of the greatest quarterbacks in American football history .
Besides his work on how environmental factors influenced the evolution of geographically isolated populations and on evolution above the species level , which contributed to the modern synthesis , he also worked extensively in the area animal behavior -LRB- ethology -RRB- .
Metamorphic rocks make up a large part of the Earth 's crust and are classified by texture and by chemical and mineral assemblage -LRB- metamorphic facies -RRB- .
The climate of Qom province varies between a desert and semi-desert climate , and comprises mountainous areas , foothills and plains .
January 29 -- Walt Disney releases his 16th animated film , Sleeping Beauty in Beverly Hills .
Clifford Edmund Bosworth FBA -LRB- born December 29 , 1928 , Sheffield , United Kingdom -RRB- is an English historian and orientalist , specializing in Arabic studies .
The fruits are gathered before they are ripe , and carefully dried .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 39,259 . .
Andouillé is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Scripts are personalized scripts -LRB- typically , but not exclusively , written in JavaScript -RRB- that may automate processes , or may merely improve and enhance the existing MediaWiki interface .
Margarete Maultasch , Countess of Tyrol , and her husband , Louis of Bavaria , are absolved from excommunication .
A ryÅ tei is a type of luxurious traditional Japanese restaurant .
Lollapalooza -LRB- \/O/ l l p luz \/O/ -RRB- is an annual music festival featuring popular heavy metal , alternative rock , hip hop , and punk rock bands , dance and comedy performances , and craft booths .
From the left atrium the blood moves to the left ventricle which pumps it out to the body -LRB- via the aorta -RRB- .
A bishop -LRB- â -- , â -RRB- is a piece in the board game of chess .
Beamish , The North of England Open Air Museum is an open-air museum located at Beamish , near the town of Stanley , County Durham , England .
The gigue -LRB- -RRB- or giga -LRB- -RRB- is a lively baroque dance originating from the British jig .
The country may donate money or supplies .
Hiroyuki Shirai -LRB- born 17 June 1974 in Fuji , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Personal Life Tramp is married to Indonesian actress Ayu Azhari , with whom he has two children : Isabelle and Lennon .
From the 11th to the late 20th centuries , baleen whales were hunted commercially for their oil and baleen .
The capital is Yokohama .
Barnes & Noble , Inc. is the largest book retailer in the United States , operating mainly through its Barnes & Noble Booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower Fifth Avenue in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
The Black-headed Grosbeak , Pheucticus melanocephalus , is a medium-size seed-eating bird in the same family as the Northern Cardinal , the Cardinalidae .
1 , Cheltenham , UK , Edward Elgar Publishing Ltd , 1995 , pg .
General information Name The municipality of Vinje -LRB- originally the parish -RRB- is named after the old Vinje farm -LRB- Old Norse : Vinjar -RRB- , since the first church was built here .
Satoshi Nakayama -LRB- born November 7 , 1981 in Miyazaki , Miyazaki , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Chipley is the county seat of Washington County , Florida .
Gillett Grove is a city in Clay County , Iowa , United States .
Karl Friedrich Hensler -LRB- 1759 -- 1825 -RRB- , Viennese theater director
In 1849 , Tubman escaped to Philadelphia , then immediately returned to Maryland to rescue her family .
November 21 & ndash ; Edward I becomes King of England .
He was born into a farming family on 3 March 1940 in Braughing , Hertfordshire , England .
Ljubljana is the capital of Slovenia and its largest city .
Dave Madden voicing Bernard Walton : the town 's window-washer .
In 1986 , The Wild Bunch disbanded .
Iraq fires 8 Scud missiles into Israel in an unsuccessful bid to provoke Israeli retaliation .
The term specifically describes activities associated with the period in the United States known as the Second Red Scare , lasting roughly from the late 1940s to the late 1950s and characterized by heightened fears of communist influence on American institutions and espionage by Soviet agents .
After uneven commercial success in the late 1970s , Bowie had UK number ones with the 1980 single '' Ashes to Ashes '' and its parent album , Scary Monsters -LRB- and Super Creeps -RRB- .
In astronomy , a planet 's elongation is the angle between the Sun and the planet , as viewed from Earth .
Hurricanes Kathleen , Liza , and Madeline were the most notable storms this year .
The cultivated peanut was probably first domesticated in the valleys of Perú .
Along with its several awards garnered , the song received positive responses from critics , citing its sensual content .
Long-term storage of potatoes requires specialised care in cold warehousesPotato storage , value Preservation : and such warehouses are among the oldest and largest storage facilities for perishable goods in the world .
Mark Allan Hoppus -LRB- born March 15 , 1972 -RRB- is an American musician and record producer .
To protect itself from predators , an Edmontonia might have crouched down on the ground to minimize the possibility of attack to its defenseless underbelly .
He died in Berkeley , California at the age of 85 .
Stanley -LRB- also known as '' Port Stanley '' -RRB- is the capital and only true city in the Falkland Islands .
Mr. Game & Watch is the mascot of the Game & Watch series , following his appearance in the 2001 video game Super Smash Bros. . Melee , although the character was first seen in the Game & Watch game Ball .
One possible reason for this distinct biological feature may be formation of strong emotional bonds between sexual partners important for social interactions and , in the case of humans , long-term partnership rather than immediate sexual reproduction .
On December 10 , 1991 , as the Soviet Union was dissolving , a referendum held in the NKAO and the neighboring Shahumian region resulted in a declaration of independence from Azerbaijan as the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic .
A planform or plan view is a vertical orthographic projection of an object on a horizontal plane , like a map .
It is one of the fundamental components of all modern computers , and coupled with a central processing unit -LRB- CPU , a processor -RRB- , implements the basic computer model used since the 1940s .
The song was considered the 30th greatest guitar solo ever by Guitar World Magazine readers and is one of his faster shred guitar style tracks .
Its orbit lies too far from Vesta for it to actually be a member of the Vesta family It is not clear how it arrived at an orbit so far from Vesta , but other examples of V-type asteroids fairly far from their parent body are known .
In return , all Dutch officials , soldiers and civilians left with their personal belongings and supplies back to Batavia , ending the 38 years of Dutch colonial rule on Taiwan .
Farmersburg is a city in Clayton County , Iowa , United States .
808s & Heartbreak became his fourth album to sell 1 million copies in the United States and was certified platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America .
Most species are found in Africa and South America , with a few in other parts of the world .
Alex -LRB- 1976 - September 6 , 2007 -RRB- was an African Grey Parrot and the subject of a thirty-year -LRB- 1977-2007 -RRB- experiment by animal psychologist Irene Pepperberg , initially at the University of Arizona and later at Harvard and Brandeis University .
The mountain ranges in the central area are very deep , some of which are considered the deepest valleys in Europe .
However , they also help with some real problems .
The flag of the United Nations is a shade of azure called '' United Nations Azure '' or '' United Nations Blue '' .
Sully is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Adams , C. J. , Classification of religions : Geographical , Encyclopaedia Britannica , 2007 .
The exclave of Nakhichevan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having a short borderline with Turkey to the northwest .
Since 1949 , he has appeared in more than 100 films and has made frequent television appearances .
D'Lo Brown -LRB- with The Godfather -RRB- defeated X-Pac -LRB- with Chyna -RRB- -LRB- 8:26 -RRB- Brown pinned X-Pac with a Sky High .
6 & times ; Pro Bowl selection -LRB- 2003 , 2004 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 -RRB-
With increasing severity of environmental conditions such as higher temperatures , strain rates , stress and sliding velocities , the secondary stage is shortened and the primary stage tends to merge with the tertiary stage , thus drastically reducing the working life .
Voeren is a Flemish municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
The first decade of Ferdinand and Isabella 's joint rule included the conquest of the Nasrid dynasty of the Emirate of Granada -LRB- Moorish Kingdom of Granada -RRB- , the last Islamic al-Andalus entity on the Iberian peninsula , in 1492 .
To date , Survivor has sold over ten million copies worldwide , over forty percent of which were sold in the U.S. alone .
In 1985 he escaped from prison after being convicted as ETA member and since then has lived in secret as he continues writing .
Richard Trevithick -LRB- 13 April 1771 -- 22 April 1833 -RRB- was a British inventor and mining engineer .
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard -LRB- March 13 , 1911 -- January 24 , 1986 -RRB- was an American science fiction author who developed a self-help system called Dianetics , which was first published in 1950 .
1771 & ndash ; Archduke Charles of Austria , Austrian general -LRB- d. 1847 -RRB-
Jalal Dabagh -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born 1939 -RRB- is a prominent Kurdish politician and writer\/journalist .
There was no race in 1933 nor between 1935 and 1953 .
Hush , Little Baby
Canchy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Mark Edward McGhee -LRB- born 25 May 1957 in Glasgow -RRB- is a Scottish professional football former player and manager .
Shadow of the Giant -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is the fourth novel in Orson Scott Card 's Ender 's Shadow series .
to the White River in Canada 's Yukon Territory in the southeast .
It is situated 15 km north of Stuttgart , and 4 km west of Ludwigsburg .
Levesque joined the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- in 1995 with the on-screen persona of wealthy sophisticate Hunter Hearst Helmsley .
The industrial revolution bypassed the town as it had little to offer in the way of natural resources , and thus has grown into more a commuter settlement , however it retains its function as a service center for the surrounding area of Avondale .
He wrestled in Mexico and Japan for several major professional wrestling promotions in the United States Guerrero wrestled in Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- , World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and in World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- then WWF , later renamed to WWE -RRB- .
Types of theology Muslim theology is the theology that derived from the Qur ` an , Hadith , and Muhammad 's -LRB- SAW -RRB- life .
The Krashovani , fleeing the Ottoman offensive in Serbia , settled in the Banat .
Billboard Top World Music Albums is not published in the print edition of Billboard magazine .
Naoya Saeki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokyo Verdy .
Mitchie wrote the song in the beginning of the movie , and was later heard -LRB- in an acoustic version on piano -RRB- , but not seen , by Shane , who set out to search for the girl behind the amazing voice .
It was U-shaped -LRB- hence its name -RRB- and comfortably carried by a shoulder strap attached at the mouthpiece and bell .
With the fellow Canadian franchise Montreal Expos relocating to Washington , D.C. after the season , and becoming the Washington Nationals , the Blue Jays are currently the only MLB team outside the United States .
Wailly-Beaucamp is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He began his career as a television meteorologist at KGBT-TV in Harlingen , Texas , working there for two years before moving to the Tampa area in 1994 and joining WFLA-TV .
He served as acting United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs -LRB- VA -RRB- on two occasions during the administration of Bill Clinton .
Other sugars are used in industrial food preparation , but are usually known by more specific names -- glucose , fructose or fruit sugar , high fructose corn syrup , etc./O.
Nickel -LRB- II -RRB- oxide is the chemical compound with the formula NiO . It is notable as being the only well characterized oxide of nickel -LRB- although nickel -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , Ni2O3 and NiO2 have been claimed -RRB- .
It was replaced by Formula 3000 in 1985 , but the FIA announced in 2008 that Formula Two would return for 2009 in the form of the FIA Formula Two Championship .
Obiang 's regime retained clear authoritarian characteristics even after other parties were legalized in 1991 .
Heinrich '' Heinz '' Kwiatkowski -LRB- 16 July 1926 -- 23 May 2008 -RRB- was a German football goalkeeper .
It was notably reprinted by Orion Books in 2001 as volume 13 of their Fantasy Masterworks series , and was nominated for both the Locus and World Fantasy Awards in 1983 .
Seymour 's ambitions led to his being arrested and beheaded ; after which , Sudeley Castle became the property of Catherine 's brother , William Parr , who was the Marquess of Northampton .
Pichilemu was founded December 22 , 1891 by a decree of President Jorge Montt and Interior Minister Manuel José Irarrázabal .
The lava is usually rhyolitic and rich in silicates .
Enter Shikari is an English post-hardcore band , formed in 2003 in St Albans , Hertfordshire .
Neuilly-Saint-Front
Ashley Force was featured with her family on A&E 's reality show Driving Force .
Eugene Cernan is , to date , the last man to have walked on the Moon .
Index on Censorship is a campaigning publishing organization for freedom of expression , which produces an award-winning quarterly magazine of the same name from London .
The Cotswolds are a range of hills in west-central England , sometimes called the '' Heart of England '' , an area 25 m across and 90 m long . The area has been designated as the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
In 1853 the decision to build a state library was made at the instigation of Lieutenant-Governor Charles La Trobe and Sir Redmond Barry .
A possibly apocryphal or exaggerated story concerns how the library 's collection grew so large .
She is enshrined on the Island of Enoshima in Sagami Bay , about 50 kilometers south of Tokyo , and numerous other locations throughout Japan ; and she and a five-headed dragon are the central figures of the Enoshima Engi , a history of the shrines on Enoshima written by the Japanese Buddhist monk KÅ kei -LRB- ç æ
After phagocytosis , macrophages and dendritic cells can also participate in antigen presentation , a process in which a phagocyte moves parts of the ingested material back to its surface .
The famous frescoes of the Boyana Church in Bulgaria are completed -LRB- the church and its murals are now a UNESCO World Heritage Site -RRB- .
During the First Boer War , the city was besieged by Republican forces in December 1880 and March 1881 .
The Great Depression struck just as James ' recordings were hitting the market .
It is the largest of the Dodecanese islands in terms of both land area and population , with a population of 117,007 As of 2001 of which 53,709 resided in the homonymous capital city of the island .
a. Danish monarchy reached the Faeroes in 1380 with the reign of Olav IV in Norway .
is about 1 kilometre in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,858 Mm in 752.839 days , at an inclination of 165 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 165 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.276 .
Quakenbrück is a town in the district of Osnabrück , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
November 22 & ndash ; Richard Neville , 16th Earl of Warwick , English kingmaker -LRB- d. 1471 -RRB-
Martha Wainwright -LRB- born May 8 , 1976 -RRB- is a Canadian-American folk-rock singer-songwriter .
It is used to channel liquid or fine-grained substances into containers with a small opening .
The same year , the first raiders from the Arab tribes , newly united by Islam , arrived in Persian territory .
Religious persecution has taken place at least since the Persecution of early Christians in the Roman Empire , and has happened in completely different historical , geographical and social contexts , but still , some generalizations are necessary . One period of religious persecution which has been studied extensively is early modern England , since the rejection of religious persecution , now common in the Western world , originated there .
After their European tour in 1999 , Caliban entered the studio to record their first full-length entitled A Small Boy and a Grey Heaven .
2017 -LRB- MMXVII -RRB- will be a common year starting on a Sunday .
Adrian Bucurel Ilie -LRB- born April 20 , 1974 in Craiova -RRB- is a retired Romanian international footballer .
During the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City , Lingle served as chairman of the convention during the absence of permanent chairman Dennis Hastert from the convention floor .
The film then received another distinction of note in 1981 , when it was the first of Disney 's canon of animated films to be released on home video .
This ensures that the sample median matches the 50th percentile .
Having at the age of eighteen become a member of the Society of Jesus , he studied theology at Coimbra , and afterward became professor in the university of Ã vora , Portugal .
Axel CÃ dric Konan -LRB- born 25 January 1983 in Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire -RRB- is an Ivorian footballer who is currently contracted with Swiss Super League club AC Bellinzona .
Carlos Alberto Torres -LRB- born July 17 , 1944 , Rio de Janeiro -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer , one of the most highly regarded defenders of all time .
'' Honey to the Bee '' is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999 .
Hugh Cook -LRB- -- -RRB- was a cult author whose works blend fantasy and science fiction .
He studied at the Paris Conservatoire with Georges Caussade , and under the composer Vincent d'Indy at the Schola Cantorum .
The inelastic scattering of photons in matter results in a decrease in energy -LRB- increase in wavelength -RRB- of an X-ray or gamma ray photon , called the Compton effect .
Biography Sanders was born in Santa Monica , California .
The album was primarily inspired by music of the 1980s , Murison , Krissi .
See also History of Nepal Nepal Mahajanapadas Vaishali Ancient City References External links Tamot , Kashinath and Alsop , Ian .
Spider Riders broadcasts on Teletoon , This TV , and Kids ' WB !
Bretteville-sur-Laize is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Organisms in this biome can live near the surface , in shallow waters , or in deep waters .
Douglas Wagner Bentley -LRB- September 3 , 1916 â '' November 24 , 1972 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks and New York Rangers .
Gunnedah is located on the Oxley and Kamilaroi Highways providing road links to the state capital Sydney at a distance of 475 k and the nearest regional center Tamworth is 75 k/O. It is also linked to Sydney by rail .
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences -LRB- AMPAS -RRB- is a professional honorary organization dedicated to the advancement of the arts and sciences of motion pictures .
30km : 1:30:06 -LRB- Frankfurt , 2009 -RRB-
Some Christian traditions consider evangelists to be in a leadership position , and they may be found preaching to large meetings , and in governance roles .
Quick , bring out the red tape ; TimesOnline ; 2007-04-06 ; retrieved on 2007-01-02 Japan is actually said to be the robotic capital of the world .
The longitude of other places is measured as an angle east or west from the Prime Meridian -LRB- specifically , it is the angle between a plane containing the Prime Meridian and a plane containing the North Pole , South Pole and location in question -RRB- .
His mitochondrial DNA was of Haplogroup U5 , a subclade of Haplogroup U -LRB- mtDNA -RRB- found in 11 % of modern European populations .
A complete performance was not given until 1965 , almost half a century after the symphony was completed , and more than a decade after Ives 's death .
All oceans in the world can be thought of as one '' ocean '' , because all the '' oceans '' are joined .
The male caecilians have a penis-like organ , the phallodeum , which is inserted into the cloaca of the female for 2 to 3 hours .
The last descendant of the original princes , RenÃ of Nassau , left the principality to his cousin William the Silent , who was not a descendant of the original Orange family but the legal heir to the principality of Orange .
One of Ipswich Town 's nicknames is The Blues , stemming from their traditional kit , which is predominantly blue .
The release was followed by a cover of Dee C. Lee 's '' See the Day '' , released in the Christmas week of 2005 .
The annual Go for Gold Festival is held each Easter long-weekend , attracting around 4,000 visitors .
It was named after the town of Wicklow , which derives from the Old Norse name Víkingalág or Wykynlo .
Finally , in The reward of cruelty , he receives what Hogarth warns is the inevitable fate of those who start down the path Nero has followed : his body is taken from the gallows after his execution as a murderer and is mutilated by surgeons in the anatomical theater .
January 27 & ndash ; WWII : 50 bombers mount the first all American air raid against Germany -LRB- Wilhelmshaven is the target -RRB- .
He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery .
Interestingly , the order of the genes on the chromosome is the same as the expression of the genes in the developing embryo , with the first gene being expressed in the anterior end of the developing organism .
Eugène Delacroix , Edouard Manet , Edgar Degas , Ernest Chausson and Maurice Ravel attempted the Prix de Rome , but did not gain recognition .
In the northwest , Thuringia includes a small part of the Harz .
In 1982 , MÃ rk became the first Scandinavian musician to reach the finals of the Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow and won 6th Prize .
In many mammals they grind food ; hence the Latin name mola , '' millstone '' .
Helsinki -LRB- ; , -RRB- is the capital and largest city in Finland .
Beatrice of Burgundy -LRB- d. 1310 -RRB-
Suborder Biarmosuchia \*
In New Mexico , although the state constitution does not specify an official language , laws are published in English and Spanish , and government material and services are legally required -LRB- by Act -RRB- to be made accessible to speakers of both languages .
Samuel '' Sammy '' Adjei -LRB- born 1 September 1980 in Accra , Ghana -RRB- is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC .
The strait is part of the South China Sea and connects to East China Sea to the northeast .
If you are currently blocked from creating an account , we suggest you do one of the following : Try again after the block on your IP address expires .
Miscellaneous Keep markup simple Use the simplest markup to display information in a useful and comprehensible way .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad
Born human , she was assimilated by the Borg at the age of six .
It is a fine black or dark brown powder that is used to prepare other silver compounds .
Turn - und Sportverein MÃ 1\/4 nchen von 1860 , commonly known as TSV 1860 MÃ 1\/4 nchen or 1860 Munich , is a German sports club based in Munich , Bavaria .
Oblivion was generally well received and won a number of industry and publication awards .
This rise to fame fueled the sales of a small instruction book he had written about military scouting , Aids to Scouting .
Niflheimr or Niflheim -LRB- '' Mist Home '' , the '' Abode of Mist '' or '' Mist World '' -RRB- ; NiflOnline Etymology Dictionary being cognate with the Old English Nifol -LRB- '' dark '' -RRB- Online Etymology Dictionary and German nebel fog -RRB- is one of the Nine Worlds and is a location in Norse mythology which overlaps with the notions of Niflhel and Hel .
Ralph Fletcher -LRB- born March 17 , 1953 -RRB- is a writer of children 's picture books , young-adult fiction and poetry as well as an educational consultant who has also written books for both children and professional educators on the craft of writing .
Pulitzer 's already failing health deteriorated rapidly and he withdrew from the daily management of the newspaper , although he continued to actively manage the paper from his vacation retreat in Bar Harbor , Maine , and his New York mansion .
When finished , the painting was acclaimed as a masterpiece of design and characterisation , but it deteriorated rapidly , so that within a hundred years it was described by one viewer as '' completely ruined '' .
It is true that , roughly speaking , the channel capacity of a system increases with the bandwidth used for communication .
It was founded in 1907 in the town of Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov , which is now a district of Prague .
It can be divided in two sections : the northwestern part is the Yaque del Norte Valley -LRB- or Línea Noroeste -RRB- and the eastern Yuna Valley -LRB- or Vega Real , English : Royal Valley -RRB- .
2000 -- present Sir Mark Elder CBE
In 2008 it was reported that Gynning would write a continuation to Ego Girl called Ego Woman
Rostrenen is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Lincoln -LRB- -RRB- is a cathedral city and county town of Lincolnshire , England .
Then a counter coup had challenged the unity of Nigeria .
Jane Southworth -LRB- nÃ e Sherburne -RRB- and John were married in about 1598 , and the couple lived in Samlesbury Lower Hall .
The medieval legends that developed concerning its provenance differ between Catholic and Orthodox tradition .
It was in the name of this love that Dante gave his imprint to the Dolce Stil Novo -LRB- Sweet New Style , a term which Dante himself coined -RRB- and would join other contemporary poets and writers in exploring the themes of Love -LRB- Amore -RRB- , which had never been so emphasized before .
The Dairy Development Department maintains this sewage farm , and fodder cultivation is done here .
Vestavia Hills is named for the 20 acre -LRB- 8.09 hectare -RRB- estate of former Birmingham mayor George B. Ward .
He succeeded CÃ sar Franck as organist at Saint Clotilde Basilica in Paris from 1890 to 1898 .
Coastal marshes may be associated with estuaries , and are also found along waterways between coastal barrier islands and the inner coast .
Hondo Valle is a town in the ElÃ as PiÃ a province of the Dominican Republic .
Astana - The new capital of Kazakhstan In Kazakh and Russian , it is pronounced '' As-ta-na '' , while in English and many other languages , the common pronunciation is '' As-ta-na '' .
On 24 October 1795 their representatives signed a treaty , dividing the remaining territories of the Commonwealth among their three countries .
Microsoft has discontinued game port support with Windows Vista , so it is probable that manufacturers will cease to produce boards with this connector .
Long Island has considered separating itself from the rest of New York due to claims of paying higher taxes and receiving less in aid and benefits compared to the more rural sections of upstate New York and in some cases New York City .
The province was part of the old La Altagracia Province , which split into 2 , La Altagracia Province and La Romana Province on February 27 , 1961 .
On July 18 2002 , a Blender funding campaign was started by Roosendaal in order to collect donations and on September 7 2002 it was announced that enough funds had been collected and that the Blender source code would be released .
In the 17th and 18th centuries , these were replaced by workhouses but these were intended to discourage too much reliance on state help .
Jon Stevens Corzine -LRB- born January 1 , 1947 -RRB- is a financial executive and a former American politician , who served as the 54th Governor of New Jersey from 2006 to 2010 .
About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo , from which a stream with an 80 m. waterfall flows .
The United Kingdom , the Republic of Ireland and Denmark enter the European Economic Community , which later becomes the European Union .
Another city motto states : Never other weapons we shall take that those we elect ; and we claim for encouragement : we want Freedom or death .
The Province of Prato -LRB- -RRB- is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
She was built as a tender to the liners RMS Olympic and RMS Titanic , and is the last remaining vessel built for the White Star Line still afloat .
RFC 4252 The two major versions of the protocol are referred to as SSH1 or SSH-1 and SSH2 or SSH-2 .
At -LRB- Middle Cambrian -RRB- old it is one of the earliest fossil beds containing the imprints of soft-parts .
There are a number of other approaches to quantum gravity .
It is a largely autobiographical work that was based on the spontaneous road trips of Kerouac and his friends across mid-century America . It is often considered a defining work of the postwar Beat Generation that was inspired by jazz , poetry , and drug experiences .
In this way they were demonstrating against the plans of the German government to extend the period of producing nuclear power .
Henry agreed , especially when he heard reports of Margaret 's stunning beauty , and sent Suffolk to negotiate with Charles , who agreed to the marriage on condition that he would not have to provide the customary dowry and instead would receive the lands of Maine and Anjou from the English .
pattern_ra2 = pattern_b2 = _ thinsidesonwhite pattern_ra2 =
1072 & ndash ; Robert Guiscard conquers Palermo .
This resulted in several parallel tours of West-Germany .
Uwe Bein -LRB- born 26 September 1960 in Heringen -RRB- is a former German footballer .
In many countries like Singapore where Muslims are not the majority , mosques are prohibited from loudly broadcasting the call to prayer -LRB- adhan -RRB- , although it is supposed to be said loudly to the surrounding community .
Jeremy Hunt -LRB- born 1 November 1966 -RRB- is the Conservative MP for South West Surrey and Shadow Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport .
Its first single '' Hot Girls in Love '' became their most successful to that date , reaching # 11 on the U.S. charts .
The current specification is RFC 4880 -LRB- November 2007 -RRB- , the successor to RFC 2440 .
Charles Stewart Parnell was born in Avondale , County Wicklow , of Protestant gentry stock .
H. floresiensis is intriguing both for its size and its age , being a concrete example of a recent species of the genus Homo that exhibits derived traits not shared with modern humans .
JuliÃ n PadrÃ n was born in San Antonio de MaturÃ n , Monagas state , on 8 September 1910 .
Party branches exist at an even more local level to organise local activity and liaise with Constituency Labor Parties .
Every PokÃ mon has either one or two of the different types ; dual-typed PokÃ mon combine the strengths and weaknesses of both their types .
For example , sound waves in air are oscillations in atmospheric pressure and their amplitudes are proportional to the change in pressure during one oscillation .
Around 1255 he received a commission for the pulpit in the baptistery of Pisa .
The Lion King 1 1/2 -LRB- also known as The Lion King 3 : Hakuna Matata in some countries -RRB- is a 2004 American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on February 10 , 2004 .
It is most commonly measured in forestry ; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
Bogdan Gheorghe Stelea -LRB- born 5 December 1967 in Bucharest -RRB- is a retired Romanian footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
The motives from hacking can vary widely , from simply curiosity to malice or illegal acts .
After the war , then Allied-occupied Austria was recognized and treated as a separate country . It was not restored to sovereignty until the Austrian State Treaty and Austrian Declaration of Neutrality , both of 1955 , largely due to the rapid development of the Cold War and disputes between the Soviet Union and its former allies over foreign policy .
She was the 4th woman to be principal for the famous school : Anne Marie Milan Desguillons had been the first in 1793-1800 , but she was principal jointly with her spouse .
He is the only character to have appeared continuously since the first episode on 19 February 1985 .
The music to Beverly Hills Chihuahua was written by composer Heitor Pereira , who recorded the score with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Eastwood Scoring Stage at Warner Bros. .
Body -LRB- publishing -RRB- , the main part of an article
Historically , in the warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during Friday prayers .
Balkassar is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Choa Saidan Shah TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 32 55 ' 60N 72 39 ' 0ELocation of Balkassar - Falling Rain Genomics
Before Stuart 's henchmen can kill Barnes , McClane bursts in through an air vent .
Tennis is enjoyed by millions of recreational players and is also a hugely popular worldwide spectator sport , especially the four Grand Slam tournaments -LRB- also referred to as the '' Majors '' -RRB- : the Australian Open played on hard courts , the French Open played on red clay courts , Wimbledon played on grass courts , and the US Open played also on hard courts .
Saxifragaceae is a plant family with about 460 known species in 36 genera .
The game was developed by EA Canada , published by EA Sports , and released in North America on September 7 , 2010 , with all other regions receiving the game within two weeks .
Navel lint , or more commonly belly button lint , belly button fluff or navel fluff , is an accumulation of fluffy fibres in one 's navel .
A rotary evaporator -LRB- or rotavap -RRB- is a device used in chemical laboratories for the efficient and gentle removal of solvents from samples by evaporation .
The Anschluss -LRB- spelled Anschluß at the time of the event , and until the German orthography reform of 1996 -RRB- -LRB- ; German for '' link-up '' Anschluss PONS Online Dictionary -RRB- , also known as the , was the occupation and annexation of Austria into Nazi Germany in 1938 .
A rain dance is a ceremonial dance performed to try to invoke rain to protect the harvest .
Lars is a common male name in the Nordic and German-speaking countries .
Many other multinational companies like Caterpillar , DuPont , Cargill have their international headquarters in the city , Take Two Interactive , Electronic Arts , INVISTA , Procter & Gamble and Sun Microsystems have their European headquarters in the city .
The existence of two ` parallel ' uranium-lead decay routes -LRB- 238U to 206Pb and 235U to 207Pb -RRB- leads to multiple dating techniques within the overall U-Pb system . The term ` U-Pb dating ' normally implies the coupled use of both decay schemes in the ` concordia diagram ' -LRB- see below -RRB- .
In mid-1959 , his father bought Hendrix a white Supro Ozark , his first electric guitar , but there was no available amplifier .
Many cactus species are night blooming , as they are pollinated by nocturnal insects or small animals , principally moths and bats .
April 8 , 1979 : 30,000 people marched in San Francisco to support shutting down the Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
The first public demonstration took place on 8 October 1905 , but Nessler had been working on the idea since 1896 .
The neighbouring countries are the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana , and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
Construction of the Al-Hakim Mosque begins in Cairo .
The Gers -LRB- French : le Gers , Occitan : Gers -RRB- is a department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in the southwest of France named after the Gers River .
The flag proportions -LRB- width : length -RRB- are 2:3 .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Bad Reichenhall is a spa town , and administrative center of the Berchtesgadener Land district in Upper Bavaria , Germany .
At about 10 pm , well after Hitler had signed and issued the order for the invasion , GÃ ring and Hitler gave up on waiting and published a forged telegram containing a request by the Austrian Government for German troops .
From the 16th to 19th centuries , hot chocolate was valued as a medicine as well as a drink .
Stevie Wonder was born in Saginaw , Michigan in 1950 , being the third of six children to Calvin Judkins and Lula Mae Hardaway .
As a child she was given a lifelike chimpanzee toy named dildo by her father ; her fondness for the toy started her early love of animals .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers not wishing to carry a heavy , metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
Neuville-Saint-Amand is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In many plant cells most of the volume of the cell is not occupied by protoplasm , but by '' tonoplast '' , a large water filled vacuole enclosed by a membrane . A protoplast is a plant or fungal cell that has had its cell wall removed .
He was born Johann Ludwig von Krosigk in Rathmannsdorf , Anhalt , Germany to a father from an old noble family of Anhalt and a mother who was a daughter of a Count -LRB- Graf -RRB- von Schwerin .
The Free Software Foundation -LRB- FSF -RRB- is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement , a copyleft-based movement which aims to promote the universal freedom to create , distribute and modify computer software .
Notable examples of this period are Divertimento for String Orchestra BB 118 -LRB- 1939 -RRB- and Music for Strings , Percussion and Celesta -LRB- 1936 -RRB- .
Four songs from the album : '' Prowler '' , '' Remember Tomorrow '' , '' Running Free '' and '' Iron Maiden '' were covered for the 2008 tribute album Maiden Heaven : A Tribute to Iron Maiden released by Kerrang !
The International Union for Conservation of Nature -LRB- IUCN -RRB- is the world 's main authority on the conservation status of species .
On January 1 , 2006 Borgloon had a total population of 10,152 .
The addition of other materials such as soil may further alter the appearance .
Christian -LRB- born 1973 -RRB- , ring name of Canadian professional wrestler Jason Reso
Impact In the months following the storm , Congress appointed a bipartisan committee to investigate the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations prior to its landfall .
This is the year 1031 ; the number 1031 may also refer to :
After it was canceled in 1998 , reruns began airing on FOX Family until 2001 .
An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the ICZN recognizes this as the proper authority .
AluÃ sio Francisco da Luz , simply known as Ã ndio -LRB- born March 1 , 1931 in Cabedelo , PB -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
In the United States : Greenwich Village in New York City , and Tiburon , California .
The scientific name of the species honors the botanist Frederick Manson Bailey .
The Eora people lived on the southern side of the harbour , close to where the First Fleet settled .
Although they were not notably more destructive than other invaders of ancient times , Renaissance and Early Modern writers who idealized Rome tended to blame the Vandals for its destruction .
He later visited Aga Khan III , stayed at Dartington Hall , then toured Denmark , Switzerland , and Germany from June to mid-September 1930 , then the Soviet Union .
Monpazier is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
For numerical convenience , either 27 ° C or 300 K is often used .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
He ranked seventh on GameDaily 's top 10 ugliest game characters list ; the authors referenced his snarling smile , moustache , and outfits .
Unlike many other cephalopods , they do not have good vision ; their eye structure is highly developed but lacks a solid lens .
He returned to the role again in the fifth film , 2007 's Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , and the sixth film , Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince .
Blizzard of Ozz is the debut studio album by British singer\/songwriter Ozzy Osbourne , recorded in Surrey , UK and released on September 20 , 1980 in the UK and on March 27 , 1981 in the U.S. Blizzard of Ozz was a commercial success and was certified 4x Platinum in the U.S. , -LRB- a feat Osbourne would again achieve with the release of No More Tears -RRB- .
Andromeda is sometimes called '' the Chained Lady '' or '' the Chained Woman '' in English -LRB- Mulier Catenata in Latin , and al-Mar ` at al Musalsalah in Arabic -RRB- .
Southeastern Oklahoma State University & ndash ; Durant , Oklahoma
Martini also recorded the team 's only front row start : 2nd at the 1990 United States Grand Prix and led a lap during a heroic performance in the 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix .
Situated approximately 200 km to the north of Berlin in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , it borders the Baltic Sea and is crossed by a small river called the Ryck .
Polygamy -LRB- from polys gamos , translated literally in Late Greek as '' often married '' -RRB- is a form of marriage in which a person has more than one spouse at the same time , as opposed to monogamy in which a person has only one spouse at a time .
BBC Sport has monopolised the sports commentary market on British radio since the BBC 's conception but since 2000 , has lost coverage of some sporting events to TalkSPORT . BBC Sport broadcasts its radio commentaries on BBC Radio Five Live and BBC Radio Five Live Sports Extra under their Five Live Sports banner and online on the BBC website .
Since its construction , the stadium has hosted five Super Bowls -LRB- XXIII , XXIX , XXXIII , XLI and XLIV -RRB- , two World Series -LRB- and -RRB- , and three BCS National Championship Games -LRB- 2001 , 2005 , 2009 -RRB- .
The lake 's surface area is 0.16 km ² .
It is the volume of a cube with edges one metre in length .
He was the inventor of the term '' organized sound '' , a phrase meaning that certain timbres and rhythms can be grouped together , sublimating into a whole new definition of music .
He began his career as a television meteorologist at KGBT-TV in Harlingen , Texas , working there for two years before moving to the Tampa area in 1994 and joining WFLA-TV .
It is possible that the Bantu languages originated in the region of eastern Nigeria or Cameroon .
But in Tribal Council , Bobby Jon and Stephenie cast separate votes .
In any case , while there is extensive archeological evidence of there being a pharaoh named Narmer , the only indisputable evidence for Menes is an ostracon which contains his name under the Nebty symbols .
Denis MacShane -LRB- L -RRB-
Kearny is a town in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
The name derives from the Greek currency drachma .
Some individuals also have black borders along the costa and apex of the fore wing .
Groundwater In saturated groundwater aquifers , all available pore spaces are filled with water -LRB- volumetric water content = porosity -RRB- .
This is a vivid example of a de facto practical application of the methodology of constitutional economics .
&#8356; 50,360,000 -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB-
See Language planning for information about the linguistic field of language planning and policy .
In many mammals the children have a set of teeth that fall out and are replaced by adult teeth .
Alan White released his only solo album , Ramshackled , in 1976 , although all the music was composed by the band members he assembled , taken from acts he had worked with in the late 1960s and early 1970s , including Pete Kirtley , Colin Gibson and Kenny Craddock .
The rise of his own stardom and the general decline in the popularity of boy bands led to the dissolution of ` N Sync .
The reindeer -LRB- Rangifer tarandus -RRB- , also known as the caribou in North America , is a deer from the Arctic and Subarctic , including both resident and migratory populations .
Hamilton is sometimes referred to as the '' College on the Hill '' , due to the school 's location on top of College Hill , just outside of downtown Clinton .
Abalone are mostly taken in depths from a few inches up to 10 m -LRB- 33 ft -RRB- ; less common are freedivers who can work deeper than 10 m -LRB- 33 ft -RRB- .
Bellenglise is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
During Saskia 's illness , Geertje Dircx was hired as Titus ' caretaker and nurse and probably also became Rembrandt 's lover .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
It was the second Australian feature film version of the story of 19th century Australian bushranger Ned Kelly .
After graduating from college , Pierce entered politics and rose to a central position in the Democratic party of New Hampshire and became a member of the Concord Regency leadership group . In 1828 he was elected to the lower house of the New Hampshire General Court , the New Hampshire House of Representatives .
Gere was married to supermodel Cindy Crawford from 1991 to 1995 .
Barnsdall is a city in Osage County , Oklahoma , United States .
Involved in the disgrace of his friend , Francisco de Cabarrús , Jovellanos spent the years 1790 to 1797 in a sort of banishment at Gijon , engaged in literary work and in founding the Asturian institution for agricultural , industrial , social and educational reform throughout his native province .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Gamba Osaka .
One of these cohorts held the daily guard at the imperial palace .
Network topology is the layout pattern of interconnections of the various elements -LRB- links , nodes , etc. -RRB- of a computer network .
There are reports dating almost 2000 years of lichens being used to extract purple and red colors .
Historically , anything relating to the medieval Norse communities in southwestern Greenland -LRB- see History of Greenland -RRB-
1975 & ndash ; Sara Jane Moore tries to assassinate U.S. President Gerald Ford , but is foiled by Oliver Sipple .
Most of the colors for Mega M&M 's were also changed to less-bright colors -- teal -LRB- replacing green -RRB- , beige -LRB- orange -RRB- , maroon -LRB- red -RRB- , gold -LRB- yellow -RRB- , blue-gray -LRB- blue -RRB- , and brown -- to appeal more to adults .
It can be denoted by the symbols NH3 -LRB- aq -RRB- .
Francis Bacon , 1st Viscount Saint Alban , KC -LRB- 22 January 1561 â '' 9 April 1626 -RRB- was an English philosopher , statesman , scientist , lawyer , jurist , author and father of the scientific method .
'' objectivity of empirical science '' redirects here .
Kirchhoff 's circuit laws are two equalities that deal with the conservation of charge and energy in electrical circuits , and were first described in 1845 by Gustav Kirchhoff .
The female potoroos can have two babies in a year , while carrying only one at a time .
Reactions can be exothermic , where Î '' H is negative and energy is released .
A grayish shade of rose is called rose quartz .
The municipality of Santa Maria lies 32 kilometers northeast of Manila and is located at the eastern portion of Bulacan .
Cinco de Mayo is a regional holiday limited primarily to the state of Puebla .
Counties are called earldoms in post-Celtic Britain , Ireland and France -- the term is from Old Norse jarl and was introduced by the Vikings -- but there is no correlation between counties and earldoms .
Executive power is exercised by the government , while legislative power is vested in both the government and the Palau National Congress .
Other types of gas generated by use of biomass is wood gas , which is created by gasification of wood or other biomass .
1922 & ndash ; José Saramago , Portuguese writer , Nobel laureate -LRB- d. 2010 -RRB-
The tribe claims descent from Dhond Khan -LRB- a nickname of Shah Wali Khan -RRB- and ` Abbas ibn ` Abd al-Muttalib and hence are known as Dhund Abbasi .
Gighera is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,405 people .
He first described the species as Pithecanthropus erectus -LRB- '' upright ape-man '' -RRB- , based on a calotte -LRB- skullcap -RRB- and a modern-looking femur found from the bank of the Solo River at Trinil , in East Java .
December 21 & ndash ; Tommaso Masaccio , Italian painter -LRB- d. 1428 -RRB-
The governorate was bounded in north by the Baltic Sea , the Gulf of Riga and the Governorate of Livonia ; west by the Baltic Sea ; south by the Vilna Governorate and Prussia and east by the Vitebsk Governorate and Minsk Governorate .
The Thinker was originally meant to depict Dante in front of the Gates of Hell , pondering his great poem .
The UK nevertheless remains a great power with strong economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence .
Basilicata is a region of a center of Italy .
Vihuela is a name given to two different guitar-like string instruments : one from 15th and 16th century Spain , usually with 12 paired strings , and the other , the Mexican vihuela , from the 19th century Mexico with five strings and typically played in Mariachi bands .
The cemetery is located at 2755 West 111th St.
Sir Ronald Aylmer Fisher , FRS -LRB- 17 February 1890 -- 29 July 1962 -RRB- was an English statistician , evolutionary biologist , eugenicist and geneticist .
2007 -LRB- MMVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar .
Ahmet Kenan Evren -LRB- ; born 17 July 1917 -RRB- was the seventh President of Turkey ; a post he assumed by leading the 1980 military coup .
This family of 107 genera and over 3700 species is most diverse in the New World tropics , although also distributed in the Old World tropics and north temperate regions .
Turtles are reptiles of the order Testudines -LRB- the crown group of the superorder Chelonia -RRB- , characterised by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs that acts as a shield .
The James Norris Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League 's top '' defense player who demonstrates throughout the season the greatest all-round ability in the position '' .
In modern France , haute couture is a '' protected name '' that can be used only by firms that meet certain well-defined standards .
Achaea today has about one-third of the population of the Peloponnese .
Nine teams each played 48 games .
Due to the odd number of cylinders in each bank , V6 designs are inherently unbalanced , regardless of their V-angle .
A county council is the elected administrative body governing an area known as a county .
Drubec is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Its name is Latin for ` eagle ' and it is commonly represented as such .
Placebo are an alternative rock band formed in London in 1994 , currently consisting of Brian Molko , Stefan Olsdal and Steve Forrest .
No conclusive evidence exists , but some believe he could have seen the tip of a southernmost island in the group .
Due to the installation of a retractable roof at BC Place , the Lions will play at a temporary stadium located at Empire Field for the 2010 season .
Governor Arthur Phillip however , took advantage of Casear 's potential as a labourer and had him sent to Garden Island , where he would work in fetters and be provided with vegetables .
This was especially the case with regards to its management of state finances , as only it could authorize the disbursal of public fund from the treasury .
The earliest example of the modern shorthand tablature survives from around the twelfth century CE .
In giving the album 3 out of 5 stars , Johnny Loftus of Allmusic commented '' Siren Song of the Counter Culture sometimes gets carried away with its own melodic urgency . ''
Entertainment Weekly -LRB- B + -RRB- link
is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Metroid video game series .
Immediately following the Six-Day War , Israel was willing to give up the Golan in exchange for peace with Syria ; however , Syria refused to negotiate .
Born as Alfons Karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .
Year 1396 -LRB- MCCCXCVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Darryl hires an incompetent lawyer acquaintance , Dennis Denuto -LRB- Tiriel Mora -RRB- , but Dennis ' meager argument that the eviction goes against the '' vibe '' of the Constitution does not go well in court .
On July 27 , 2009 , he signed on as goaltending coach for the Anaheim Ducks , a position which had been left vacant following the departure of François Allaire .
The story follows Echo -LRB- Eliza Dushku -RRB- , a '' doll '' or '' Active '' for the Los Angeles '' Dollhouse '' , one of several fictional facilities run by a company which hires out human beings to wealthy clients .
January 23 The first bridge over the Mississippi River opens in what is now Minneapolis , Minnesota -LRB- a crossing made today by the Father Louis Hennepin Bridge -RRB- .
He left in 1490 , possibly to work under Martin Schongauer , a leading engraver of Northern Europe , but who died shortly before Dürer 's arrival at Colmar in 1492 .
Simmons began acting at the age of 14 .
Due to computer models predicting lesser amounts of shear , forecasters indicated the possibility of moderate strengthening in the Gulf of Mexico to a 60 mph -LRB- 95 km/h -RRB- storm .
Darmstadtium -LRB- -RRB- , formerly known as ununnilium , is a chemical element with the symbol Ds and atomic number 110 .
Hanna Miller '' American Pie , '' American Heritage , April\/May 2006 .
Biography Early life Nash was born in Rye , New York .
Due to the unexpected darker and more mature subject matter -LRB- the film includes a scene in which a dog almost drowns while hanging from a bridge -RRB- , the film was not received as well as the first Babe film was , and reviews were generally mixed .
He died in 1924 and is buried in the Neuilly-sur-Seine community cemetery near Paris .
History Cher is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Savannah is the largest city and county seat of Chatham County , in the U.S. state of Georgia .
In addition , Indian corn , wheat , barley and oats were also grown .
Because most of these cases became well-known in the context of the anti-Communist 1950s , there has been long-standing dispute over the exact details of these cases , though some of this was settled with the making public of the VENONA Project transcripts , which were intercepted and decrypted messages between Soviet agents and the Soviet government .
Rimini is provided with six railway stations -LRB- Rimini , Rimini Fiera , Rimini Miramare , Rimini Rivazzurra , and Rimini Torre Pedrera -RRB- .
A number of other desktop environments also exist , including -LRB- but not limited to -RRB- : EDE , FVWM-Crystal , GEM , IRIX Interactive Desktop , Sun 's Java Desktop System , Jesktop , LXDE , Mezzo , Project Looking Glass , ROX Desktop , UDE , Xito , XFast .
Lewis followed The Bellboy by directing several more films which he co-wrote with Richmond , including The Ladies Man -LRB-/O1961/O-RRB- , The Errand Boy -LRB-/O1961/O-RRB- , The Patsy -LRB-/O1964/O-RRB- and the well-known comedy hit , The Nutty Professor -LRB-/O1963/O-RRB- , which was later successfully remade as a vehicle for Eddie Murphy in 1996 and followed by a sequel in 2000 , ' both executive produced by Lewis for Universal Pictures and Image Entertainment .
Many secular Jews attend synagogue on Yom Kippurâ '' for many secular Jews the High Holidays are the only recurring times of the year in which they attend synagogue , â '' causing synagogue attendance to soar , and almost four-fifths fast .
New Albin is a city in Iowa Township , Allamakee County , Iowa , United States .
PrÃ defin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The film profited $ 145,794,338 in the United States and Canada , and $ 127,349,813 internationally , finishing with $ 273,144,151 in the world .
For example , the first number in the first row is 0 + 1 = 1 , whereas the numbers 1 and 3 in the third row are added to produce the number 4 in the fourth row .
In 1870 , Fauré enlisted in the army and took part in the action to raise the Siege of Paris during the Franco-Prussian War .
official_name = Dolhasca
owner = Robert Nutting , others
The first recorded use of amaranth pink as a color name in English was in 1905 .
Timothy is chosen to go but his older brother Martin believes he should have been the one chosen .
Cauchy-à-la-Tour is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In Africa , no scout embodied these traits more than Burnham .
The Town of Pocahontas also operates a water company for the town and surrounding communities in both Virginia and West Virginia .
Skepticism is an approach to accepting , rejecting , or suspending judgment on new information that requires the new information to be well supported by evidence .
Publishing is the process of production and dissemination of literature or information the activity of making information available for public view .
Constance Lowell proposed Zeus , then Percival and finally Constance â '' her own first name .
Bernard Charles '' Bernie '' Ecclestone -LRB- born 28 October 1930 -RRB- is a British sports entrepreneur , as president and CEO of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration and through his part-ownership of Alpha Prema , the parent company of the Formula One Group of companies .
Halych-Volynia becomes a vassal state to the expanding Mongol Empire .
Werra-Mei ßner is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the north of Hesse , Germany .
Linguistically Orange is often quoted -LRB- along with Purple and Silver -RRB- as a word that does n't rhyme with any other word in the English language .
The fourth tropical cyclone and second hurricane of the 1996 Pacific hurricane season , Boris formed out of a tropical wave roughly south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 27 .
The Northern Territory 's Chief Minister , in normal circumstances whoever controls the Legislative Assembly , is appointed by the Administrator .
The Countess and Susanna recognize the letter -LRB- having seen it previously -RRB- and whisper the information on to Figaro , who gets out of this scrape by saying Cherubino gave it to him because it still needed the Count 's seal .
Born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky in New York City , Shaw grew up in New Haven , Connecticut , where , according to his autobiography his natural introversion was deepened by local antisemitism .
For two seasons , the team was known as the Tennessee Oilers before changing its name to Titans in 1999 .
If it does , it will develop into a red giant as described for mid-sized stars below , but never fuse helium as they do ; otherwise , it will simply contract until electron degeneracy pressure halts its collapse , thus directly turning into a white dwarf .
The aversion of most predators toward hunting honey badgers has led to the theory that the countershaded coats of cheetah kittens evolved in imitation of the honey badger 's colouration in order to ward off predators .
2017 -LRB- MMXVII -RRB- will be a common year starting on a Sunday .
This information is being given to you gratuitously and there is no agreement or understanding between you and Wikipedia regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License -LRB- CC-BY-SA -RRB- and the GNU Free Documentation License -LRB- GFDL -RRB-
Western Grand Dukes and their sovereignties The only grand duchy in existence today is Luxembourg .
Real Salt Lake is an American soccer club that is based in the Salt Lake City , Utah suburb of Sandy that participates in Major League Soccer .
Argentina borders Paraguay and Bolivia to the north , Brazil and Uruguay to the northeast , and Chile to the west and south .
Pliny 's uncle , Pliny the Elder , helped raise and educate him and they were both witnesses to the eruption of Vesuvius on 24 August 79 AD .
The term disciple is derived from the New Testament Greek word ' , coming to English by way of the Latin discipulus meaning '' a learner '' .
In 1985 , Noble Affiliates spun off its subsidiary Noble Drilling Corporation to shareholders , and that company in turn went public by the early 1990s , and then became Noble Corporation , an S&P 500 company .
Currently , there are active Neo-Futurist troupes in Chicago , New York , and Montreal .
As the storm moved away from Bermuda on August 4 , first the hurricane watch and then the tropical storm warning were canceled .
season = 2009 -- 10
The right main bronchus is wider , shorter , and more vertical than the left main bronchus .
jpg Santa Eulàlia 's Crypt
In ancient Egypt , when the Nile River overflowed its banks and washed out farm boundaries , boundaries were re-established by a rope stretcher , or surveyor , through the application of simple geometry .
1744 & ndash ; Johann Gottfried Herder , German writer -LRB- d. 1803 -RRB-
Goaltenders continued to dominate the league , as only two teams , the Toronto Maple Leafs and the New Jersey Devils , averaged more than three goals scored per game .
His carol No Small Wonder , written in 1983 to words by Paul Wigmore , first appeared in Carols for Today in 1986 and was recorded on LP by Canterbury Cathedral Choir and subsequently heard in the famous Nine Lessons and Carols service broadcast on the BBC Television by the Choir of King 's College , Cambridge in 2000 .
where c is the speed of light in a vacuum , G is the gravitational constant , and Ä is the reduced Planck constant .
Cantor Fitzgerald , a financial services firm
Which can be translated informally as '' one -LRB- or both -RRB- of A or B is known to be true , but they both imply C , so regardless of the truth values of A and B we can conclude C. ''
Blake was included in group exhibitions at the Institute of Contemporary Arts and had his first solo exhibition in 1960 .
The statue was first unveiled on August 4 , 1937 , by the Holstein Frisian Association of Canada .
He recalls that it was shortly after 4:30 am and he had just finished checking on his daughter , and returned to his bedroom .
Further north , the Atlantic opens into the Arctic Ocean , which is connected to the Pacific by the Bering Strait :
Headon left the group in 1982 , and internal friction led to Jones 's departure the following year .
Man of the Year , TIME Magazine , January 2 , 1939 Main sights Coburg has the typical features of a former capital of German little states .
The Daleks were created by writer Terry Nation and designed by BBC designer Raymond Cusick .
in November 2008 , and '' Strawberry Swing '' in September 2009 .
Her husband was called Óðr , and her daughters Hnoss and Gersemi .
Premier Basketball League
Based on reports from Hurricane Hunters , it is estimated Gabrielle moved ashore at Cape Lookout National Seashore at 1530 UTC on September 9 with winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km/h -RRB- , though due to the shear the strongest winds remained offshore .
Some of the unattractive concrete buildings around the marketplace were torn down and replaced by replicas of the original buildings .
Cinderella III : A Twist in Time was released on February 2007 and went back to the Disney Vault on January 31 , 2008 .
The Armenian hypothesis of the Proto-Indo-European Urheimat , based on the Glottalic theory suggests that the Proto-Indo-European language was spoken during the 4th millennium BC in the Armenian Highland .
In 1942 , the Royal Navy 's nine Royal Marines infantry battalions were reorganized as Commandos , numbered from 40 to 48 , joining the British Army Commandos in combined Commando Brigades . After the war the Army Commandos were disbanded .
She has been an internet singer for six years .
This event is said to have originated in the town of Olney , England in 1444 when a housewife was still busy frying pancakes to eat before the Lenten fast when she heard the bells of St Peter and St Paul 's Church calling her to the Shriving Service .
And it happened that while they were speaking and debating , Jesus himself drew near and walked with them , but their eyes were prevented from recognizing him ... As they approached the village to which they were going , he gave the impression that he was going on further .
The Volkswagen Polo Mk4 is the fourth generation of the Volkswagen Polo that has been sold by the German automaker Volkswagen from early 2002 to 2009 in most countries .
Freiberg is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Also known as Vantage Its producer by Aslam Butt , a Lollywood film starring by Nadeem , Samina Peerzada , Reema Khan , Shan , Madhiha Shah .
This was awkward when Calvin 's Uncle Max was in the strip for a week and could not refer to the parents by name , one of the main reasons Max never reappeared .
Lille Olympique Sporting Club is a French football club .
Agostino Carracci -LRB- or Caracci -RRB- -LRB- 16 August 1557 â '' 22 March 1602 -RRB- was an Italian painter and printmaker .
A chef is a person who cooks professionally .
The name '' RC4 '' is trademarked , so RC4 is often referred to as '' ARCFOUR '' or '' ARC4 '' -LRB- meaning Alleged RC4 -RRB- to avoid trademark problems .
Today , however , that system is often referred to as Euclidean geometry to distinguish it from other so-called non-Euclidean geometries that mathematicians discovered in the 19th century .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
1967 & ndash ; George Lincoln Rockwell , founder and leader of the American Nazi party , is murdered by John Patler , who was born Yanacki Christos Patsalos
Ebner 's poetry is written in German and Catalan ; he also translates French and Catalan literature into German .
She became the oldest living American on February 14 , 2007 -LRB- age 113 years , 300 days -RRB- , following the death of then fellow 113-year-old Corinne Dixon Taylor of Washington , D.C. Validated Living Supercentenarians Parker was the 20th verified , undisputed supercentenarian to reach age 115 .
Joacim Cans -LRB- born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden -RRB- is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
Macleans College is a co-educational secondary school in New Zealand situated in the Auckland suburb of Bucklands Beach .
Craig James Brewster -LRB- born 13 December 1966 -RRB- is a Scottish association football manager and player , who plays for and coaches Ross County .
By June 1852 there were 300 diggers on the fields at Oakenville Creek .
Economy The area has some apricot orchards , and vines on steep slopes which drain into the Dranse -LRB- a tributary of the Rhône River -RRB- west of the city .
He also works as an arranger and editor , most notably -LRB- in his youth -RRB- of the extraordinarily successful Carols for Choirs anthology series in collaboration with Sir David Willcocks .
Embedded debugging may be performed at different levels , depending on the facilities available .
Strait of Malacca , between Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra , connecting the Indian Ocean with the South China Sea , is one of the highest-volume shipping lanes & the world 's longest strait about 500 miles .
The Volvo S40 is a compact executive car produced by Volvo .
Mitchie wrote the song in the beginning of the movie , and was later heard -LRB- in an acoustic version on piano -RRB- , but not seen , by Shane , who set out to search for the girl behind the amazing voice .
The '' Stars of the White Nights '' festival was originally started by the first mayor of St. Petersburg , Anatoly Sobchak , and has been held annually since 1993 .
Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. , the Scotland national football team and Scottish cup finals .
Tiger Bay , Cardiff , Wales
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles -LRB- a rarity in their songs -RRB- .
The ` garden huckleberry ' -LRB- Solanum melanocerasum -RRB- is not considered to be a true huckleberry but a member of the nightshade family .
The station and surrounding neighborhood of Arnos Grove take their names from the Arnos Grove estate , which was north of the station .
This was inconclusive , and was followed by a series of small surface actions during the summer , among them battle of the Espero convoy and the battle of Cape Spada .
XSLT is most often used to convert data between different XML schemas or to convert XML data into web pages or PDF documents .
It won seven Oscars , including Best Picture and Best Director .
The motorway engineers here chose to follow the route of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway engineered by Joseph Locke -LRB- now part of the West Coast Main Line -RRB- where the motorway runs in a split-level cutting above the railway in the descent from Shap Fell through the Lune Gorge into southern Cumbria .
Possibly observed by Aztec astronomers .
In economics the change must increase value , customer value , or producer value .
It is located between three mountain ranges : the Western Ghats form its western boundary , and the Eastern Ghats its eastern boundary .
Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame as part of the club 's centenary celebrations in 2003 .
She debuted with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in March 2007 .
To the west Colima borders the Pacific Ocean .
There are two languages that show Goidelic influence , although they are not Goidelic languages themselves .
Bloc Party 's third studio album takes an experimental , electronic direction , despite Okereke suggesting this would not be the case , having said that the sound will have the '' rawness '' of Silent Alarm , but the '' experience '' of A Weekend in the City .
Walker sources this to Weingartner 's autobiography , published in Zürich and Leipzig in 1928-1929 .
The club had two options on how to fill the corner between The Barclay and the Jarrold Stand .
The Chinese also show this by having their designations for military aircraft start with the number 5 , as in the fighter plane '' Shenyang J-5 '' .
Following the rebirth of Superman and the destruction of Green Lantern 's hometown of Coast City in the early 1990s , Hal Jordan seemingly went insane and destroyed the Green Lantern Corps and the Central Power Battery .
Montreuil-Poulay is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Château - Thierry
Ebbe Sand -LRB- born July 19 , 1972 -RRB- is a Danish former professional footballer who most notably played as a striker for FC Schalke 04 in Germany .
It has a population of 5,026 .
Francis Colburn Adams was an American miscellaneous writer , formerly living in Charleston , South Carolina , who wrote under various pseudonyms .
Founded in 1912 and currently owned by media conglomerate Viacom , it is America 's oldest existing film studio ; it is also the last major film studio still headquartered in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles .
-RRB-
The original Taurus was a milestone design for Ford and the entire American automotive industry , as well as a very influential vehicle that brought many new features and innovations to the marketplace .
Edwards is one of the last original delta blues guitarists still performing .
The son of a cobbler , Cave was born in Newton near Rugby , Warwickshire and attended the grammar school there , but was expelled after being accused of stealing from the headmaster .
He released over 200 recordings , won seven Grammy Awards , and received other numerous awards and honors over the course of his career .
In the episode , Marge 's sister Selma is looking for a husband , so Marge orders Homer to help her find one .
Berrios G.E. -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- Of mania .
President Harrison 's wife , Anna Harrison , was too ill to travel when her husband set out from Ohio for his inauguration .
During the Middle Ages , it was adapted to the Romance languages , the direct descendants of Latin , as well as to the Celtic , Germanic , Baltic , and some Slavic languages , and finally to most of the languages of Europe .
The Nightingale -LRB- Luscinia megarhynchos -RRB- , also known as Rufous and Common Nightingale , is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family Turdidae , but is now more generally considered to be an Old World flycatcher , Muscicapidae .
Dr. Yevgeny Sergeivich Botkin , also known as Dr. Eugene Botkin -LRB- 27 March 1865 â '' 17 July 1918 -RRB- was the court physician for Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra and , while in exile with the family , sometimes treated the hemophilia-related complications of the Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia .
In 1495 Aldus Manutius published the complete works at Venice .
Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Tagged Command Queuing -LRB- TCQ -RRB- is a technology built into certain ATA and SCSI hard drives . It allows the operating system to send multiple read and write requests to a hard drive .
Laffy Taffy is a brand of candy first produced in the 1970s .
It is a letter from St. Paul to the church of Philippi .
Angelo Domenghini -LRB- born August 25 , 1941 -RRB- is an Italian former footballer .
Ural Mountains , Encyclopædia Britannica on-line Their eastern side is usually considered the natural boundary between Europe and Asia .
The song '' These Days '' was written for Two Hands and '' My Kind of Scene '' was written for Mission : Impossible II .
Today GÃ rlitz and Zgorzelec , two towns on opposite banks of the narrow river , get along well .
Kolding is also the site of Designskolen Kolding , a university level design school .
The Christian kingdoms that were still in the North of Spain decided to fight to conquer the rest Spain again from the Muslims .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae -LRB- tribe Periophthalmini -RRB- , within the family Gobiidae -LRB- Gobies -RRB- .
He is survived by a son , Robert , a daughter , Peggy Ashburn , four grandchildren - Janette , Heather , Kay , and John â '' and nine great-grand children .
With the then recent success of Lock Up and Tango and Cash , at the start of the 1990s Stallone starred in the fifth installment of the Rocky franchise Rocky V which was considered a box office disappointment and was also disliked by fans as an unworthy entry in the series .
Transcaucasia , in particular where modern day Georgia and Armenia are located , is one of the native areas of the wine producing vine vitis vinifera .
Jessica Samuels , one of the group , says : '' We were bored , he was out and so we decided to pay him a visit .
Four editions of Windows 2000 were released : Professional , Server , Advanced Server , and Datacenter Server .
Year 1426 -LRB- MCDXXVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
In the early 1980s , the Popes retired and transferred the park to their son , Dick Pope , Jr./O.
June 11 -- John Constable , English painter -LRB- d. 1837 -RRB-
After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta , Georgia for high school , Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech -LRB- 1980-84 -RRB- , Scott Michaux Coach takes pressure in stride , Augusta Chronicle , January 28 , 2009 .
Reforms to apartheid in the 1980s failed to quell the mounting opposition , and in 1990 President Frederik Willem de Klerk began negotiations to end apartheid , culminating in multi-racial democratic elections in 1994 , which were won by the African National Congress under Nelson Mandela .
The Haiti national football team represents Haiti in association football and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration HaÃ tienne de Football , the governing body for football in Haiti .
The following example from The Times demonstrates how the interpolation of a sic can subtly discredit a quoted statement : Warehouse has been around for 30 years and has 263 stores , suggesting a large fan base .
Ressons-le-Long is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Successive music directors include Sir Georg Solti , Daniel Barenboim , and Semyon Bychkov .
Sex education is a broad term used to describe education about human sexual anatomy , sexual reproduction , sexual intercourse , reproductive health , emotional relations , reproductive rights and responsibilities , abstinence , contraception , and other aspects of human sexual behavior .
For example , a '' subscriber '' role type describes the property common to instances of the class '' Person '' when they participate in a '' subscribes-to '' relationship with the class '' Magazine '' .
Dill -LRB- Anethum graveolens -RRB- is a short-lived perennial herb .
The key elements of the charter are : Everyone has the right to apply to become an editor and to become involved in the project .
When this downdraft , or '' downburst '' , reaches the ground , dry , loose sand from the desert settings is essentially blown up , creating a wall of sediment preceding the storm cloud .
Today Holocaust deniers employ this controversy to cast aspersions on the veracity of the Nazi genocide .
Notable residents Gus Grissom - astronaut and recipient of the Congressional Space Medal of Honor and the Purple Heart medal .
Bad Herrenalb is a municipality in the district of Calw , in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .
Coetzee , J.M. '' Osip Mandelstam and the Stalin Ode '' , Representations , No. 35 , Special Issue : Monumental Histories .
Saturday is the sixth day of the week according to international standard ISO 8601 , or the last -LRB- seventh -RRB- day of the week in conventions that consider the week as beginning on Sunday .
She also starred in the successful musicals Lili -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , with Mel Ferrer ; Daddy Long Legs -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , with Fred Astaire , and Gigi -LRB- 1958 -RRB- with Louis Jourdan and Maurice Chevalier .
Red blood cells -LRB- also referred to as erythrocytes -RRB- are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate organism 's principal means of delivering oxygen -LRB- O2 -RRB- to the body tissues via the blood flow through the circulatory system .
The outer layer of the Earth is a chemically distinct silicate solid crust , which is underlain by a highly viscous solid mantle .
These points are usually on the surface of the Earth , and they are often used to establish land maps and boundaries for ownership or governmental purposes .
In the eighties a long rent strike against the college 's investment in apartheid South Africa was organised .
The faux mixing of Romance languages occurs in the last three lines of the song .
He proceeded to the Franco-Prussian War in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at Vaucouleurs , he remained in French captivity for three months .
Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas , Nevada formed in 2004 .
Jack Sock , who received wildcard into the singles main draw , won this tournament , after defeating his compatriot , tenth-seeded Denis Kudla in the final .
Rock that contains greater than 50 % tuff is considered tuffaceous .
There were around 100 crew members from Weta working on the effects for the film .
The Egyptian Vulture -LRB- Neophron percnopterus -RRB- Ali & Ripley -LRB- 1983 -RRB- is a small Old World vulture , found from southwestern Europe and northern Africa to southern Asia .
Cantonese speakers more often write the word today as , also pronounced gam1 gwat1 -LRB- g n jú in Mandarin , literally '' large tangerine orange '' -RRB- .
Phylogeny of the New World True Frogs -LRB- Rana -RRB- .
From 1985 to 1989 , he was Principal Conductor of the Bournemouth Sinfonietta .
He studied at the Paris Conservatoire , and under the composer Vincent D'Indy at the Schola Cantorum .
Shawano County - southwest
In prison , Genet wrote his first poem , '' Le condamné à mort , '' which he had printed at his own cost , and the novel Our Lady of the Flowers -LRB-/O1944/O-RRB- .
There , from 1986 to 1993 , he appeared in local productions and worked as a director and teacher at Flagler College .
In the following month , on April 30 , Licinius inflicted a decisive defeat on Maximinus at the Battle of Tzirallum , after Maximinus had tried attacking him .
Although Derbyshire is in the East Midlands , some parts , such as High Peak , are closer to the northern cities of Manchester and Sheffield and these parts do receive services which are more affiliated with northern England ; for example , the North West Ambulance Service , Granada Television and United Utilities serve the High Peak and some NHS Trusts within this region are governed by the Greater Manchester Health Authority .
The first recorded use of lilac as a color name in English was in 1775 .
In Greek mythology , it was identified as the Nemean Lion which was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors , and subsequently put into the sky .
Generally , an attempt is made to keep the removed portion of skin intact .
Simon Peyton Jones -LRB- born in South Africa on January 18 , 1958 -RRB- is a British computer scientist who researches the implementation and applications of functional programming languages , particularly lazy functional languages .
Before coming under German rule in 1884 , the town was also known as Cameroons Town ; thereafter it became Kamerunstadt -LRB- '' Camaroon City '' -RRB- , the capital of German Kamerun .
Other rivers are Macasías , Tocino , Joca and Vallecito , all of them tributaries of the Artibonite .
World of Warcraft , often referred to as WoW , is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- by Blizzard Entertainment , a subsidiary of Activision Blizzard .
There are six cities in Scotland : Aberdeen , Dundee , Edinburgh , Glasgow , most recently Inverness , and Stirling .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
The arrondissement consists of four communes : Port-de-Paix , Bassin Bleu , Chansolme and Tortuga Island .
The United States presidential election of 1992 had three major candidates : Incumbent Republican President George H. W. Bush ; Democratic Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton , and independent Texas businessman Ross Perot .
Mysterio started a storyline with John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield -LRB- JBL -RRB- following the event and defeated him two months later at Judgment Day .
Mineral is a town in Louisa County , Virginia , United States .
Second form His second form is similar in appearance to the first , except much larger , both in height and muscle mass , Frieza claiming to have at least doubled his power -LRB- of over 1,000,000 -RRB- in this state .
Caption =
The falafel balls are topped with salads , pickled vegetables , hot sauce , and drizzled with tahini-based sauces .
Termen is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
He died in his home at 10 Walsingham Tce , Brighton on 6 October 1891 of a heart attack and in the arms of his wife , Katharine .
World War I reparations refers to the payments and transfers of property and equipment that Germany was forced to make under the Treaty of Versailles -LRB- 1919 -RRB- following its defeat during World War I. Article 231 of the Treaty -LRB- the so-called ` war guilt ' clause -RRB- declared Germany and its allies responsible for all ` loss and damage ' suffered by the Allies during the war and provided the basis for reparations .
North America and Europe were still rather close , and especially since Greenland probably was covered with lush woodland and grassland then , only narrow straits of a few 100 km at most would have blocked entirely landbound dispersal of the Gastornis ancestors .
Beebe is a city in White County , Arkansas , United States .
Biologist Stephen Jay Gould said the ichthyosaur was his favorite example of convergent evolution , where similarities of structure are analogous not homologous , for this group :
Punting refers to boating in a punt .
Anya Colloff and Amy McIntyre Britt , who previously worked with Joss Whedon on Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel , Firefly , and Serenity , were the show 's casting directors .
Laura slowly developed tropical characteristics throughout the day as it moved over warmer waters .
It occurs in the fictional city of Metropolis .
A blessing can also be a request for permission , as in '' gaining your parents ' blessing '' would consist of having been granted consent .
The seven living species of sea turtles are : flatback , green sea turtle , Hawksbill , Kemp 's Ridley , Leatherback , Loggerhead and Olive Ridley .
In baseball , batting is the act of facing the opposing pitcher and trying to produce offense for one 's team .
On the subsequent tour Fabienne Gondamin was replaced by Henriette Bordvik , with whom the band recorded the album '' An Elixir For Existence '' and the EP '' Sirenian Shores '' .
In 1995 , Time magazine selected him as the Person of the Year for his role in leading the Republican Revolution in the House , ending 40 years of the Democratic Party being in the majority .
March -- Louis XIV of France passes the '' Code Noir '' , allowing the full use of slaves in the French colonies .
'' I Kissed a Girl '' has generally polarized music critics .
In 2007 , the team had reasonable success .
In the next case , the quantity is the radicand , and thus has a vinculum over it :
In February 1907 , while still a student , he was employed by the Department of Zoology at the British Museum -LRB- Natural History -RRB- , where he spent most of his working life as Assistant Keeper of Mammals .
; Ben Shepherd Active : 1990 â '' 1997 , 2010 â '' present Instruments : bass Release contributions : all Soundgarden releases from Badmotorfinger -LRB- 1991 -RRB- to Telephantasm -LRB- 2010 -RRB- Ben Shepherd first auditioned for the role of bassist in Soundgarden in 1989 , immediately after Hiro Yamamoto left , but was turned down because he could not play the songs well enough .
Munich Although Walter became an Austrian citizen in 1911 , he left Vienna to become the Royal Bavarian Music Director in Munich in 1913 .
To commemorate his death , Josquin des Prez composed the motet La déploration de la mort de Johannes Ockeghem , a setting of the poem Nymphes des bois by Jean Molinet .
The weave pattern determines which harness controls which warp yarns , and the number of harnesses used depends on the complexity of the weave .
Set once again on Christmas Eve , McClane is waiting for his wife to land at Washington Dulles International Airport when terrorists take over the air traffic control system .
During World War II , Rio Grande do Norte was used as an Allied airbase from which to launch air raids on German-occupied North Africa .
, each time raising one hand in a fist and swinging it down on the count .
Keystone Sports & Entertainment , LLC
In the 1924 -- 25 season , he joined the Duluth Hornets , playing 40 games , recording a shutout in 11 of them .
Wikipedia -LRB- -RRB- is a multilingual , web-based , free-content encyclopedia project based on an model .
Ten teams played 44 games each .
River Hull Railway Bridge Grade II Listed 1994 Built by the Hull and Barnsley Railway in 1885 , still used by freight trains .
The Steropodontidae was a family of monotremes that are known from fossils from the Early Cretaceous in Australia .
Ezekiel Hart -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- May 15 , 1767 -- September 16 , 1843 -RRB- was a Jewish Canadian entrepreneur and politician , and the first Jew to be elected to public office in the British Empire .
New York , A.S. Barnes , 1930 among other Native American dances , describes the '' Rain Dance of Zuni . ''
After the death of emperor Theodosius I , the Empire is re-divided into an eastern and a western half .
The Premier League currently consists of eight teams , and relegates to the Armenian First League .
It consists of the former municipalities of Pecq , Warcoing , Hérinnes , Esquelmes and Obigies .
Spider plants have long narrow leaves that are 20 â '' 40 cm -LRB- 8 â '' 15 in -RRB- long and 5 â '' 20 mm -LRB- 0.2 â '' 0.8 in -RRB- broad , growing from a central rosette .
Frederick II commissioned the original building on the site and construction work began in July 1741 with what was designed to be the first part of a '' Forum Fredericianum '' .
The Canadian Football League or CFL -LRB- LCF in French -RRB- is a professional sports league located in Canada .
Baptism has been called a sacrament and an ordinance of Jesus Christ .
Names are currently assigned in sequence from list A , whilst list B details names that will replace names on list A that are retired .
Metropolis is a 1927 German expressionist film in the science-fiction genre directed by Fritz Lang .
A first language -LRB- also native language , arterial language , L1 , or mother tongue -RRB- is the language a person has learned from birthBloomfield , Leonard .
Empedocles ' death was mythologized by ancient writers , and has been the subject of a number of literary treatments .
Uracil is a common and naturally occurring pyrimidine derivative .
'' rock engravings '' , H. G. Wells , Outl .
Mary Hopkin -LRB- born 3 May 1950 -RRB- , credited on some recordings as Mary Visconti , is a Welsh folk singer .
and he has achieved a peak Elo rating of 2755 .
Ad hoc judges Article 31 of the statute sets out a procedure whereby ad hoc judges sit on contentious cases before the Court .
The capital of Chalkidiki is the main town of Polygyros , located in the center of the peninsula .
Although the Army 's initial July 1941 guidelines for OCS had been drafted as race-neutral , practically speaking few black applicants were admitted into OCS until after subsequent directives by Army leadership . As a result , the applications of Robinson and his colleagues were delayed for several months .
Unlike Mandatory territories , which were entrusted to member countries , The Free City of Danzig -LRB- like the Territory of the Saar Basin -RRB- remained under the authority of the League of Nations itself , with representatives of various countries taking on the role of High Commissioner :
In February 2005 , an optional writing test was added to the ACT , mirroring changes to the SAT that took place later in March of the same year .
The company was founded for the sole purpose of building engines to the Sauber formula one team .
Although the web color '' violet '' may be called light violet it is technically actually a light magenta , since the red and blue values of the color are equal -LRB- which signifies for computer display that this color is a shade of magenta -RRB- , and therefore another name for this color is lavender magenta , analogous to the colors lavender gray , lavender indigo , lavender blue , lavender rose , and lavender pink .
Northern Europe is the northern part or region of Europe .
His father , Georg Händel , 63 when his son was born , was an eminent barber-surgeon who also served as surgeon to the court of Saxe-Weissenfels and the Margraviate of Brandenburg .
See lead .
Women on the council Women , who gained suffrage on the federal level in 1971 , remain poorly represented on the Council .
The 2005 Kashmir Earthquake -LRB- also known as the South Asian earthquake or the Great Pakistan earthquake -RRB- was a major earthquake centered in Azad Kashmir and in North West Frontier Province -LRB- NWFP -RRB- near the city of Muzaffarabad , Pakistan .
The world 's most talented children , including the novel 's protagonist Ender Wiggin , are taken at a very young age to a training center known as the Battle School .
The musket replaced the arquebus , and was in turn replaced by the rifle .
Oxides result when elements are oxidized by oxygen in air .
Mew 's number in the National PokÃ dex is 151 , the last of the first-generation PokÃ mon , with 150 being Mewtwo and 152 being Chikorita .
V . He that is found Guilty of Gaming , or Defrauding one another to the value of a Royal of Plate , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit .
The city is located on the northern coast of Upolu , Samoas second-largest island .
Cornell University was founded on April 27 , 1865 as the result of a New York State -LRB- NYS -RRB- Senate bill that named the university as the state 's land grant institution . Senator Ezra Cornell offered his farm in Ithaca , New York as a site and $ 500,000 of his personal fortune as an initial endowment .
Agny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
From 1937 to 1945 , he also acted as the minister and official of the Reichspost , the German postal service , having succeeded Paul Freiherr von Eltz-R übenach as minister .
Depending on the shift of the calendar , the winter solstice usually occurs on Dec. 21 or 22 each year in the Northern Hemisphere , and June 20 or 21 in the Southern Hemisphere .
1634 & ndash ; The first settlers arrive in Maryland .
Sint-Laureins is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
However , there is an ongoing debate over whether H. floresiensis is indeed a separate species .
The ratio of the output to the input force is called the mechanical advantage .
For example , handheld computers share some elements with embedded systems such as the operating systems and microprocessors which power them , but they allow different applications to be loaded and peripherals to be connected .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
According to Skáldskaparmál -LRB- 17 -RRB- Magni is the son of Thor and the Jötunn Járnsaxa .
According to the annual university rankings conducted by El Mundo , the Complutense University ranks as the top public university in Spain , -LSB- -RSB- with its Schools of Philosophy , Spanish Literature , History , Pharmacy , Optometry , Journalism , Psychology , and Sociology holding the top national rankings .
August 4 & ndash ; Gian Galeazzo Visconti succeeds his father , Galeazzo II Visconti , as ruler of Milan .
Ernest Miller Hemingway -LRB- July 21 , 1899 -- July 2 , 1961 -RRB- was an American writer and journalist .
On Formula 1 's return to Japan in 1987 , the Grand Prix found a new venue at Suzuka Circuit , 80 k south west of Nagoya .
Hadlock Field is often visited by vacationing celebrities , such as former NFL coach Bill Parcells , former U.S. President George H. W. Bush , and his wife Barbara .
Among English-speakers , he is generally remembered for his invasion of England in 1066 .
The denomination grew out of the Millerite movement in the United States during the middle part of the 19th century and was formally established in 1863 .
Surfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second studio album by rock quintet My Chemical Romance .
Élber Giovane de Souza , simply Élber -LRB- born 23 July 1972 in Londrina , Paraná -RRB- , is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as a striker .
It contains 100-400 billion stars and an estimated 50 billion planets , 500 million of which could be located in the habitable zone of their parent star . The Milky Way is part of the Local Group of galaxies and is one of around 200 billion galaxies in the observable universe .
The storm turned to the northeast , and after attempting to transition into a tropical cyclone , it dissipated as it was absorbed into a larger extratropical storm .
1840 & ndash ; Signing of the Treaty of Waitangi , establishing New Zealand as a British colony .
George Bancroft -LRB- October 3 , 1800 -- January 17 , 1891 -RRB- was an American historian and statesman who was prominent in promoting secondary education both in his home state and at the national level .
Two days after he was sworn in as Prime Minister , the Wall Street Crash of 1929 occurred , marking the beginning of the Great Depression and subsequent Great Depression in Australia .
3 , Micropædia , The New Encyclopædia Britannica , Chicago : Encyclopædia Britannica , Inc. , 1990 , 15th ed .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The silkworm is the larva or caterpillar of the domesticated silkmoth , Bombyx mori -LRB- Latin : '' silkworm of the mulberry tree '' -RRB- .
Otto Stegmüller : '' Barock '' , In : Lexikon der Marienkunde , Regensburg 1967 , 566 During and after the Catholic Reformation , Marian piety experienced unforeseen growth with over 500 pages of mariological writings during the 17th century alone .
The arena substructure was partly excavated in 1810 1814 and 1874 and was fully exposed under Benito Mussolini in the 1930s .
Schinz was also curator of the natural history society of Zurich , and was the author of many important zoological works between 1824 and 1852 .
It eventually went on to sell more than three million copies in the U.S. and more than seven million copies worldwide .
Livet-en-Saosnois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Catherine of Portugal may also refer to Catherine of Braganza The Infanta Catarina -LRB- 1436 1463 ; -LRB- ; -RRB- was a Portuguese infanta -LRB- princess -RRB- , daughter of King Edward of Portugal and his wife Leonor of Aragon .
The most prominent examples are the four color theorem and the Kepler conjecture .
Taku Harada -LRB- born 27 October 1982 in Kumamoto , Kumamoto , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese footballer .
Its southern portion known as Salento , a peninsula , forms a high heel on the '' boot '' of Italy .
1900 & ndash ; The Firestone Tire & Rubber Company is founded .
On 29 April 2001 -LRB- the date of the last census -RRB- there were 5,089 people living in Ballycastle .
Bernhard '' Barney '' Dreyfuss -LRB- February 23 , 1865 â '' February 5 , 1932 -RRB- was an executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
Nationality = Argentine
In our solar system , Mars , Venus , and the moon Titan also exhibit greenhouse effects .
In January 2008 , Hamilton signed a new five-year multi-million pound contract to stay with McLaren-Mercedes until the end of the 2012 season .
When Neoptolemus died , Andromache married Helenus and became Queen of Epirus .
See also : List of State Codes
Academia , Acadème , or the Academy are collective terms for the community of students and scholars engaged in higher education and research .
After the defeat , Zheng returned to Taiwan where he indulged in wine and women , dying soon after of illness .
Jesse is impressed by her parents ' happiness , and smiles as he watches their family .
1903 & ndash ; Ernst Kaltenbrunner , German military officer and senior Nazi -LRB- d. 1946 -RRB-
Robinson Jr. eventually completed the treatment program at Daytop Village in Seymour , Connecticut , and became a counselor at the institution .
It dissolves in water to give deep purple solutions , evaporation of which gives prismatic purplish-black glistening crystals .
Thomas Heatherwick -LRB- born 17 February 1970 -RRB- is an English designer and artist known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
R. Steuerwald , '' Verschärfung einer notwendigen Bedingung für die Existenz einer ungeraden vollkommenen Zahl '' , S.-B . Bayer .
These recordings did not see widespread release though until 1996 when the album was reissued by the Broken Rekids label as Kings & Queens .
In a review of West Germany 's economy from 1945 to 1951 , German analyst Werner Abelshauser concluded that '' foreign aid was not crucial in starting the recovery or in keeping it going '' .
The main event , billed as the '' WWE Championship Challenge , '' saw John Cena defending the WWE Championship against King Booker , Bobby Lashley , Mick Foley and Randy Orton .
May 31 & ndash ; Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII of England -LRB- d. 1509 -RRB-
Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years , Owens held significant water until 1924 , until much of the Owens River was diverted into the Los Angeles Aqueduct , causing it to desiccate .
-LRB- aged 45 or 46 -RRB-
Mahmud Shah Durrani Persian Ù Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù Û was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803 , again between 1809 and 1818 .
The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society -LRB- FHI -RRB- is a science research institute located at the heart of the academic district of Dahlem , in Berlin , Germany .
She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills , after years of suffering from what had claimed to be a very rare and painful photo allergy induced by an earlier penicillin treatment that had forced her to avoid practically all sunlight for years .
A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Lombok and the Gili Islands of Indonesia .
-LRB- -RRB- are forested highlands that form the northeastern foothills of the Northern Limestone Alps in the states of Lower Austria and Vienna .
The unnamed hurricane of 1991 was the last tropical cyclone of the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season , and its fourth hurricane .
The warmer climate changed the Arctic environment to one of pine , birch , and alder forest ; this less open landscape was less conducive to the large herds of reindeer and wild horse that had previously sustained humans .
About 99 % of modern ships use diesel reciprocating engines .
Misuse , problem use , abuse , and heavy use refers to improper use of alcohol which may cause physical , social , or moral harm to the drinker .
In rondo form , a principal theme -LRB- sometimes called the '' refrain '' -RRB- alternates with one or more contrasting themes , generally called '' episodes , '' but also occasionally referred to as '' digressions , '' or '' couplets '' .
Avoid inserting the words before the digits -LRB- , not -RRB- , unless the meaning would otherwise be unclear .
A physical law or scientific law is a scientific generalization based on empirical observations of physical behavior -LRB- i.e. the law of nature -RRB- .
102 Dalmatians : Puppies to the Rescue is a videogame based on the live-action Disney movie 102 Dalmatians .
Neighboring districts are Herford , Minden-L übbecke , Schaumburg , Hameln-Pyrmont , Holzminden , Höxter , Paderborn , Gütersloh , and district-free Bielefeld .
After Nationals , Meissner went to the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships , a competition for senior-level skaters who are not from Europe , for the first time in her career .
Rivers is living a fairly typical life for a nine year old boy when his father returns after a six year absence .
Croissants are made of a leavened variant of puff pastry .
Throughout the draft , Romo was assured by Sean Payton of the Cowboys ' interest -LRB- Romo was also intensely pursued by Denver head coach Mike Shanahan -RRB- , and shortly afterwards was signed as an undrafted rookie free agent by the Cowboys .
The units were built at BR 's Derby Works from 1954 to 1955 .
Placy is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Fourcès is a commune in south-western France , more precisely in Gascony , in the Gers department , which is a part of the region of Midi-Pyr énées .
In practice , some sociologists combine different research methods and approaches , since different methods produce different types of findings that correspond to different aspects of societies .
He would again respond when promoting his movie in front of the Kazakh Embassy in Washington , roundly denouncing the advertisements as '' Uzbek propaganda '' .
Shock -LRB- circulatory -RRB- , a circulatory medical emergency
Aeschylus ' abiding popularity is perhaps most evident in the praise the comic playwright Aristophanes gives him in The Frogs , produced some half-century after Aeschylus ' death .
Simon Phillip Cowell -LRB- born 7 October 1959 -RRB- is a British music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .
Block wrote her first book , Weetzie Bat , while a student at UC Berkeley ; it was published in 1989 by Harper Collins .
They died out across much of Pangea at the end of the Carnian -LRB- Late Triassic -RRB- , although they continued for some time longer in the wet equatorial band and the south .
Providence serves as Rhode Island 's capital , housing the Rhode Island General Assembly as well as the offices of the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor in the Rhode Island State House .
She became a film star after a lead role in the horror film I Know What You Did Last Summer -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , which enjoyed great box-office success -LRB- 125,000,000 U.S. dollars worldwide -RRB- .
On the centenary of the first flying of the flag , 3 September 2001 , the Australian National Flag Association presented the Prime Minister with a flag intended to replace the missing original flag . This flag was not a replica of the original flag , on which the Commonwealth Star had only six points , but was a current Australian National Flag with a seven pointed Commonwealth Star .
There are two primary families of guitars : acoustic and electric .
The NWS supports the aviation community through the production of several specific forecast products .
The BIPM was not even aware that '' degree Celsius '' was in sporadic , non-scientific use before that time .
Calloway 's band featured performers including trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie and Adolphus '' Doc '' Cheatham , saxophonists Ben Webster and Leon '' Chu '' Berry , New Orleans guitar ace Danny Barker , and bassist Milt Hinton .
During his life he was considered a notable interpreter of Franz Schubert 's Lieder , usually with Britten as accompanist . He also gave notable performances as the Evangelist in Bach 's Passions .
Eventually , after tumultuous applause from the pit , the curtain reopened and Siddons was discovered sitting in her own clothes and character â '' whereupon she made an emotional farewell speech to the audience lasting eight minutes .
GameSpot gave the game the most negative score , 7.5 \/O/ 10 , stating that '' It 's a much better version of Tetris than other recent incarnations , but it 's still saddled with some unfortunate compromises . ''
Mary Elizabeth Gore -LRB- nÃ e Aitcheson ; born August 19 , 1948 -RRB- , commonly known as Tipper Gore , is an author , photographer , former Second Lady of the United States , and the estranged wife of Al Gore .
The Hawaiian Islands -LRB- -RRB- are an archipelago of eight major islands , several atolls , numerous smaller islets , and undersea seamounts in the North Pacific Ocean , extending some 1,500 miles -LRB- 2,400 km -RRB- from the island of Hawaii in the south to northernmost Kure Atoll -LRB- the northwesternmost island in Hawaii is Green Island , which is joined to the Kure Atoll -RRB- .
Fenrir -LRB- -RRB- or Saturn XLI -LRB- provisional designation S/2004 S 16 -RRB- is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Christian Zeeman , the Danish father of the mathematician Sir Christopher Zeeman , has also been claimed to be the model for the hero of the story .
Xanten -LRB- -RRB- is a historic town in the North Rhine-Westphalia state of Germany , located in the district of Wesel .
You may use external websites or publications as a source of information , but not as a source of article content such as sentences or images .
Geography Altenburger Land is the easternmost district of Thuringia .
For three seasons , David Carradine starred as a half-Chinese , half-Caucasian Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine , on the ABC hit TV series Kung Fu -LRB- 1972 â '' 1975 -RRB- and was nominated for an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award for the role .
Season in progress . Season in progress .
They are the largest flying land birds in the Western Hemisphere .
Saint-Palais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
However , villagers who make wine for their own use sometimes still tread the grapes with their bare feet , until the juice is squeezed out .
The chemical inertness of tantalum makes it a valuable substance for laboratory equipment and a substitute for platinum , but its main use today is in tantalum capacitors in electronic equipment .
By around 1,600 BC the southwest of Britain was experiencing a trade boom as British tin was exported across Europe , evidence of ports being found in southern Devon at Bantham and Mount Batten .
The Molotov -- Ribbentrop Pact , colloquially named after the Soviet foreign minister Vyacheslav Molotov and the German foreign minister Joachim von Ribbentrop , was an agreement officially titled the Treaty of Non-Aggression between Germany and the Soviet UnionRussian : ; German : Nichtangriffsvertrag zwischen Deutschland und der Union der Sozialistischen Sowjetrepubliken ; from facsimile at 100 -LRB-/O0/O-RRB- Schlüsseldokumente -LRB- www.1000dokumente.de -RRB- , accessed 17 September 2009 .
Princes Bridge Station was originally separated from Flinders Street , even though it was only on the opposite side of Swanston Street .
Lewes is named after the town of Lewes in England , which also is situated in a county named Sussex -LRB- from which Sussex County , Delaware , takes its name -RRB- .
See Mount Olivet Cemetery for other cemeteries with this name .
Founded in 1895 , they became known after his death as the '' Henry Wood Promenade Concerts '' and are now the '' BBC Proms '' .
A commonly held belief , even among nutritionists , is that complex carbohydrates -LRB- polysaccharides , e.g. starches -RRB- are digested more slowly than simple carbohydrates -LRB- sugars -RRB- and thus are healthier .
By this time he was increasingly sick with cancer .
Lake Garda -LRB- Italian : Lago di Garda or Benaco -RRB- is the largest lake in Italy .
Germany returned after having been deliberately not invited in 1920 and 1924 .
Biography Takamoto 's father emigrated from Hiroshima to the United States for his health .
Animals depicted in the main gallery include barramundi , catfish , mullet , goanna , snake-necked turtle , pig-nosed turtle , Rock-haunting Ringtail Possum , and wallaby and thylacine -LRB- Tasmanian Tiger -RRB- .
Electric potential energy , or electrostatic potential energy , is a potential energy associated with the conservative Coulomb forces within a defined system of point charges .
'' Russell , Bertrand .
In the 1970s , Martin performed his offbeat , absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours .
A mechanical bull , also known as a Rodeo Bull or Bucking Bronco is a machine that replicates the sensation of riding a bucking animal such as a rodeo bull or horse .
Law and government Avery County is a member of the regional High Country Council of Governments .
Common Bottlenose Dolphin , Tursiops truncatus
Hamilton Hume -LRB- 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 -RRB- Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton -LRB- 1797 - 1873 -RRB- ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Since it lies in the middle of the canton , part of the cantonal administration is located in the town , as is the Thurgau cantonal bank .
On , 1918 , he became the first goaltender to be credited with an assist , on a goal by Newsy Lalonde , who had just picked up the puck after a save by VÃ zina .
It is the home ground of the Swiss football team BSC Young Boys , and is currently the second biggest all-seater football stadium in Switzerland .
Nicole Richie -LRB- born September 21 , 1981 -RRB- is an American actress , author , socialite , celebutante , singer , and television personality .
In 1659 , Louis XIV and the Philip IV of Spain signed the Treaty of the Pyrenees , sealed with the marriage of the Infanta Marie Therese to the French King .
Wislikofen is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
There are some 9 major Hasidic groups , approximately 30 smaller Hasidic groups , and several hundred minor or extinct Hasidic groups .
When cataplexy happens often , or cataplexy attacks make patients fall or drop things , it can have serious effects on normal activities .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 24 , 1991 .
They have also recorded music videos for two songs : '' Big Fat Road Manager '' and '' Carrot Juice Is Murder '' , which can be seen on the Three Worms and an Orchestra DVD .
In its review of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season , the Canadian Hurricane Centre considered this to be an extratropical cyclone .
It was founded as a university in 1870 , but its roots can be traced back to a seminary founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1832 which eventually became Genesee College .
Tardinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The method compares words in a text to a set list of everyday words .
Regarded as the founding father of the Qing Dynasty , he is given the customary temple name of Taizu , which is traditionally assigned to founders of dynasties .
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
This will be the first time that the Russian Federation will host the Winter Olympics ; the Soviet Union hosted the 1980 Summer Games in Moscow .
War service provided him with a wealth of material for subsequent use , providing a framework for three volumes of A Dance to the Music of Time devoted to the war years : The Valley of Bones , The Soldier 's Art , and The Military Philosophers .
Pongo -- orangutans
The town of Oelwein is named after the Oelwein family , but they were not the original settlers of the land .
He was also in the Borussia MÃ nchengladbach team when they lost to Liverpool F.C. in the UEFA Cup final in 1973 and the European Cup in 1977 .
Mullah Mohammed Omar -LRB- ; born c. 1959 -RRB- , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Its name comes from the town of Taranto , where it originated .
Tunisian Arabic is closely related to the Maltese language .
He obtained his deacon 's orders in 1746 , being fully ordained in 1749 , and subsequently held several curacies in Hampshire and Wiltshire , including Selborne 's neighbouring parishes of Newton Valence and Farringdon , as well as Selborne itself on four separate occasions .
The political system is laid out in the 1949 constitution , the Grundgesetz -LRB- Basic Law -RRB- , which remained in effect with minor amendments after 1990 's German reunification .
Ademir Santos -LRB- born 28 March 1968 -RRB- is a retired Brazilian-Japanese footballer .
Arrondissement of Largentière , -LRB- subprefecture : Largentière -RRB- with 10 cantons and 103 communes .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
During his National Hockey League career with the Detroit Red Wings , Chicago Black Hawks , and St. Louis Blues , Hall seldom missed a game and was a consistent performer , winning the Vezina Trophy three times , and the Calder Memorial Trophy .
The Dark Side of the Moons lyrical themes include conflict , greed , the passage of time , death , and mental illness -LRB- or '' insanity '' -RRB- , the latter inspired in part by Barrett 's deteriorating mental state ; he had been the band 's principal composer and lyricist .
The game is played between two teams of up to sixteen players , eleven of whom are permitted to be on the pitch at any one time .
Another term for the pan flute is syrinx , from Greek mythology , the story of Pan .
Songs from the Superunknown is an EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden .
Animals were also mummified , sometimes thought to have been pets of Egyptian families , but more frequently or more likely , they were the representations of deities .
The Hohenbaden castle is built in Baden-Baden , Germany .
Alfons Schuhbeck born on May 2 , 1949 in Traunstein , Upper Bavaria , Germany is one of Germany 's top chefs , as well as being a restaurateur , celebrity chef , author and businessman .
He taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1977-1984 and from 1985-2000 at Harvard University , where he was the Louis Berkman Professor of Economics .
Osteichthyes are an extremely diverse and abundant group consisting of over 29,000 species , making them the largest class of vertebrates in existence today .
Due to its slow motion from October 29 to November 3 , Hurricane Mitch dropped historic amounts of rainfall in Honduras , Guatemala , and Nicaragua , with unofficial reports of up to 75 inches -LRB- 1900 mm -RRB- .
Conducted by Riccardo Muti , the opera house re-opened on 7 December 2004 with a production of Salieri 's Europa riconosciuta , the opera which was performed at La Scala 's inauguration in 1778 .
2008 & ndash ; The 10 October 2008 Orakzai bombing kills 110 and injures 200 more .
Quetzalcoatl was one of several important gods in the Aztec pantheon along with the gods Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .
The lake 's total surface area is about 1,912 km , with a drainage basin a little over double that , about 4,503 km .
Death Vlad Dracula was killed in battle against the Turks near the capital city of Bucharest in 1476 , November 5th .
One seat from Met Stadium was placed in the Mall of America at the exact location -LRB- including elevation -RRB- it occupied in the stadium , to commemorate a 520 f home run hit by hall-of-famer Harmon Killebrew on June 3 , 1967 .
Pin Architecture -- the set of functions that a microprocessor is expected to provide , from the point of view of a hardware platform .
After Jinnah 's death the Governor-General of Pakistan continued to serve a larger role than the India Act prescribed , dismissing multiple Prime Ministers and consolidating power -LRB- Ghulam Muhammad to be precise -RRB- .
The new Kandahar location opened on June 29 , 2006 , in a trailer on the military base .
Narwhals have rarely been observed using their tusk for fighting or other aggressive behavior or for breaking sea ice in their Arctic habitat .
It has a border crossing to the Haitian town Belladère .
Lodging -LRB- or a holiday accommodation -RRB- is a type of residential accommodation .
January 4 & ndash ; Amadeus VI of Savoy -LRB- d. 1383 -RRB-
Littlest Pet Shop is a video game of the Littlest Pet Shop franchise for the PC , Wii , and Nintendo DS .
DragonForce are an English power metal band from London .
Most of Darwin 's population was evacuated to Adelaide , Whyalla , Alice Springs and Sydney , and many never returned to the city .
It is the oldest continuously used on-campus site for college football in the southern United States , and the oldest in the FBS .
In biology , a Biological system -LRB- or Organ system -RRB- is a group of organs that work together to perform a certain task .
He was the husband of Joan I of Navarre , by virtue of which he was King of Navarre -LRB- as Philip I -RRB- and Count of Champagne from 1284 to 1305 .
Pyatt is a town in Marion County , Arkansas , United States .
It is a crystalline ionic solid with a very bright , red-orange color .
is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo for the Wii . It was first announced at E3 2009 and is the sequel to Super Mario Galaxy .
Norio Suzuki -LRB- born February 14 , 1984 in Chiba , Chiba prefecture , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who cuurrently plays for Angers SCO .
Mark Dennis GonzÃ lez Hoffman -LRB- born 10 July 1984 -RRB- , commonly known as Mark GonzÃ lez , is a South African-born Chilean footballer whose preferred position is as a left winger .
When completed , the tower will be located on the east side of
The solar wind consists of particles , ionized atoms from the solar corona , and fields , in particular magnetic fields .
Meanwhile , the new government was caught between an economy that was suffering from a decade of mismanagement and corruption by the Rhee presidency and the students who had led to Rhee 's ouster .
Classified advertising differs from standard advertising or business models in that it allows private individuals -LRB- not simply companies or corporate entities -RRB- to solicit sales for products and services .
Another approach is to tag the ciphertext with markers at regular points in the output .
The rest are fixed structures adapted to the relief of the terrain .
The term wehrmacht is in Article 47 of the 1919 Weimar Constitution , establishing that : Der Reichspräsident hat den Oberbefehl über die gesamte Wehrmacht des Reiches -LRB- '' The National President holds supreme command of all armed forces of the nation '' -RRB- .
Wilhelm Hauff was born in Stuttgart , the son of August Friedrich Hauff , a secretary in the ministry of foreign affairs , and Hedwig Wilhelmine Elsaesser Hauff .
Jonas Eduardo AmÃ rico , called EdÃ , -LRB- born August 6 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer .
He first married Nola Nicholas , daughter of an Australian industrialist , and sister of Hephzibah Menuhin 's first husband Lindsay Nicholas .
Neo-liberalism first took hold in Chile under Augusto Pinochet -LRB- from 1973 -RRB- and spread , first to Great Britain under Margaret Thatcher -LRB- from 1979 -RRB- and the United States under Ronald Reagan -LRB- from 1981 -RRB- .
The council area was created in 1996 , under the Local Government etc. -LRB- Scotland -RRB- Act 1994 , with the boundaries of the West Lothian district of the Lothian region .
The river and its tributaries flow through the Congo rainforest , the second largest rain forest area in the world , second only to the Amazon Rainforest in South America .
Maksim Aleksandrovich Shatskikh -LRB- born August 30 , 1978 -RRB- , is an Uzbek professional footballer who plays for Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
45 km2 -- Alytus , Lithuania
In 1985 , Harold Kroto -LRB- then of the University of Sussex -RRB- , James R. Heath , Sean O'Brien , Robert Curl and Richard Smalley , from Rice University , discovered C60 , and shortly thereafter came to discover the fullerenes .
Their first full-length album , The Good , The Bad & The Argyle was released in 1994 on Chunksaah Records , their own label .
Mount Rushmore National Memorial is a sculpture carved into the granite face of Mount Rushmore near Keystone , South Dakota , in the United States .
As the Mouse King advances on the still-wounded Nutcracker , Clara throws her slipper at him , distracting him long enough for the Nutcracker to stab him .
Beaumais is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Leaving the SPD/Formation of the Left Party On May 24 , 2005 Lafontaine left the SPD .
The wild rock pigeon has an innate homing ability , meaning that it will generally return to its own nest and its own mate .
Querfurt a town in Saalekreis district -LRB- Kreis -RRB- in the south of Saxony-Anhalt , Germany , situated in a fertile area on the Querne , 18 m west from Merseburg , on a branch line from Oberroblingen .
Cinnamon -LRB- Cinnamomum verum , synonym C. zeylanicum -RRB- is a small evergreen tree belonging to the family Lauraceae , native to Sri Lanka , or the spice obtained from the tree 's bark .
While engaged in a war with the Mongols , the Song Chinese official Li Zengbo writes in his Kozhai Zagao , Xugaohou that the city of Qingzhou is manufacturing one to two thousand strong iron-cased gunpowder bomb shells a month , dispatching to Xiangyang and Yingzhou about ten to twenty thousand such bombs at a time .
The Apache HTTP Server , commonly referred to as Apache , is web server software notable for playing a key role in the initial growth of the World Wide Web .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
1972 & ndash ; Vietnam War : The United States halts heavy bombing of North Vietnam .
ISBN 0140206590 .
Preonzo is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The arrondissement of Privas is an arrondissement of France , located in the Ardèche département , in the Rhône-Alpes région .
He is considered by some historians to have had a crucial influence on the transition of New South Wales from a penal colony to a free settlement and therefore to have played a major role in the shaping of Australian society in the early nineteenth century .
A child seat was made optional to allow two children to be carried in the baggage area .
The name of the settlement was called Cennrigmonaid -LRB- Old Irish for '' head of the King 's monad '' -RRB- for the memory of Túathalán , abbot of '' Cennrígmonaid '' around 746AD .
This is because the pronunciation of the combination of Greek letters has changed from ancient to modern times from one of to either or , depending on what follows -LRB- see Greek orthography -RRB- .
Yvré-l'Évêque is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Sextus , meanwhile , is at the Capitol wrestling with his conscience as he and his accomplices go about to burn it down .
The U.S. government 's National Weather Service defines a gale as 34 â '' 47 knots -LRB- , or -RRB- of sustained surface winds .
African elephants are the species of elephants in the genus Loxodonta -LRB- Greek for ` oblique-sided tooth ' -RRB- , one of the two existing genera in Elephantidae .
He carries an umbrella or parasol -LRB- chatra -RRB- as a symbol of his sovereignty .
Link all dates , even if repeated , to allow date-format preferences .
1972 Reorganization of administration in Northrhine-Westfalia : Eschweiler increases overnight from some 38,000 inhabitants to about 55,000 by receiving the villages Dürwiß , Laurenzberg , Lohn and Weisweiler .
The first General Assembly of the State of Colorado approved the adoption of the state seal on March 15 , 1877 .
Although research on the G-spot has taken place since the 1940s , arguments over its existence as a distinct structure , definition and location continue .
This movie would be nominated for a Grammy Award in 1993 , the year during which Mike Bishop would also leave the band , after the recording of This Toilet Earth , being replaced by Casey Orr , from the band Rigor Mortis .
An agreement with the Swiss government signed on March 19 , 1993 , affirmed the already long-standing policy of full independence of the Committee from any possible interference by Switzerland .
Grameen claims that more than half of its borrowers in Bangladesh -LRB- close to 50 million -RRB- have risen out of acute poverty thanks to their loan , as measured by such standards as having all children of school age in school , all household members eating three meals a day , a sanitary toilet , a rainproof house , clean drinking water and the ability to repay a 300 taka-a-week -LRB- around 4 USD -RRB- loan .
Dominic is the patron saint of astronomers .
Situated only 54 kilometers south of Manila , about an hour by chartered bus , Calamba City is a popular tourist destination with its hot spring resorts , most of which are located in Barangay Pansol and Barangay Bucal .
The wave entered the Bahamas on July 21 and organized into Tropical Depression Six while 70 miles -LRB- 110 km -RRB- east of Eleuthera .
A London birth certainly seems supported by a baptismal record , dated May 25 , 1617 , for a '' Mighell Wryghtt '' , son of James Wright , described as a tailor and a citizen of London , in St Bride 's Church , Fleet Street , London .
Year 1961 -LRB- MCMLXI -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar .
Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare -LRB- or Call of Duty : Modern Warfare -RRB- is a first-person shooter video game , developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision for PC , Macintosh , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Wii .
The pressure measurement made Katrina the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record at the time , only to be surpassed by Hurricanes Rita and Wilma later in the season ; it was also the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Gulf of Mexico at the time -LRB- a record also later broken by Rita -RRB- .
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria -LRB- -RRB- commonly known as Las Palmas -LRB- -RRB- is the capital -LRB- jointly with Santa Cruz -RRB- and the most populous city in the Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands and the ninth largest city in Spain , with a population of 381,847 in 2009 .
ChÃ rancÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Along with Sturt in 1828 , he was part of an expedition of the first Europeans to discover the Darling River .
A banknote -LRB- often known as a bill , paper money or simply a note -RRB- is a kind of negotiable instrument , a promissory note made by a bank payable to the bearer on demand , used as money , and in many jurisdictions is legal tender .
Francesco Hayez -LRB- February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 -RRB- was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
There are ' spoken articles in English .
There were other Homo species , all of which are now extinct .
Meetings were set up and the Speedway was purchased on November 14 , 1945 .
The Eurovision Song Contest 2011 will be the 56th annual Eurovision Song Contest . It will take place in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , Germany , following Germany 's win in the 2010 Contest with Lena Meyer-Landrut 's song '' Satellite '' .
The 1991 Oakland Hills firestorm which destroyed almost 3,000 homes and killed 25 people was partly fueled by large numbers of eucalypts close to the houses .
Taiji Furuta is a Japanese footballer who has recently played for Tokushima Vortis .
1902 & ndash ; Alfredo Binda , Italian cyclist -LRB- d. 1986 -RRB-
In a similar vein , Alistair M. Duckworth in The Improvement of the Estate : A Study of Jane Austen 's Novels -LRB- 1971 -RRB- argues that Austen used the concept of the '' estate '' to symbolise all that was important about contemporary English society , which should be conserved , improved , and passed down to future generations .
In addition to voicing the Ent Treebeard in Lord of the Rings , Rhys-Davies has also lent his distinctive deep , Welsh voice to many video games and animated television series , including playing the role of Hades in Justice League and numerous times in Gargoyles -LRB- 1994 -- 1996 -RRB- , as the character Macbeth .
Analysis of the mitochondrial DNA of modern European populations shows that over 80 % are descended in the female line from European hunter-gatherers .
From planting , crops can be subjected to pest infestations and severe weather ,
Bad Godesberg is a municipal district of Bonn , southern North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Cook retired from Parliament in 1921 , and was appointed Australian High Commissioner in London .
image_map = Tulcea_in_Romania .
A.P. Adventures listed : 24 Britons , 17 Dutch , 14 Americans , 12 Canadians and 10 Australians , 4 Swedes , 4 Irish , 3 Danes , 2 Argentines , 2 Belgians , 2 Chinese -LRB- Hong Kong -RRB- , and single passengers from China , France , Germany , Japan , Colombia , Sweden .
The Proto-Indo-European language -LRB- PIE -RRB- is the reconstructed common ancestor of the Indo-European languages , spoken by the Proto-Indo-Europeans .
With the decline of the three ancient dynasties during the 14th century , the Tamil country became part of the Vijayanagara Empire .
According to the American Psychological Association , the symptoms of a panic attack commonly last approximately thirty minutes .
Lambres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Thiruvananthapuram -LRB- Trivandrum -RRB- is the state capital and most populous city .
Esposito remains one of four players to win the Art Ross Trophy four consecutive seasons -LRB- the other three are Jaromir Jagr , Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe -RRB- .
La TaillÃ e is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It is difficult to find the answer because of several things , such as Malta 's invasions , with long parts in time where the population got smaller , before other people from the Mediterranean moved to Malta and married the Maltese .
The northwestern portion of Lower Saxony is a part of Frisia ; it is called Ostfriesland -LRB- East Frisia -RRB- and lies on the coast of the North Sea .
The colon is also used as a division sign : '' a divided by b '' is written as a : b/O. However , a vertical line -LRB- '' a | b '' -RRB- is more common .
Both Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson and Peter Pan by James Matthew Barrie are rooted in part on accounts of the island and its native and pirate inhabitants , as well as long dugout canoes -LRB- which were often used by pirates as well as indigenous peoples -RRB- and the American crocodile -LRB- Crocodylus acutus -RRB- on the island .
Context usually serves to disambiguate the two usages . ''
The game notably lacks a Link character , and instead the player characters are known as the Heroes of Light .
There is one shop , a butchers , a hairdressers and three hotels in the village .
In the north , in the area bordering Tabasco , near Teapa , rainfall can average more than 3000 m per year .
It has some of boundaries , shared with Serbia -LRB- -RRB- to the North , Kosovo -LRB- -RRB- to the northwest , Bulgaria -LRB- -RRB- to the east , Greece -LRB- -RRB- to the south , and Albania -LRB- -RRB- to the west .
On December 23 , 1940 , around 1:25 pm , Eddie was killed in an accident at Floyd Bennett Field at age 29 , while training George Wilson Herzog -LRB- 1903 â '' 1940 -RRB- .
Rosignano Marittimo borders the following municipalities : Castellina Marittima , Cecina , Collesalvetti , Livorno , Orciano Pisano , Santa Luce .
During 1984 , Minardi took the decision to enter Formula One the following year .
For chemical compounds containing cobalt .
She later gives up her power in order to heal the dying legitimate Twilight Princess , temporarily losing her physical form in the process .
It is best known as the site of Windsor Castle .
Neso is about 60 km in diameter , and assuming the mean density of 1.5 g\/cm3Physical parameters from JPL
Sulz , Lucerne in the canton of Lucerne , Switzerland
Nuclear engineering is the branch of engineering concerned with the application of the breakdown of atomic nuclei and\/or other sub-atomic physics , based on the principles of nuclear physics .
Veurne -LRB- -RRB- is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Certain African languages such as the Khoisan languages use the uvula to produce click consonants as well , though other than that , uvular consonants are fairly uncommon in Sub-Saharan Africa .
The Monopoly board consists of forty spaces containing twenty-eight properties -LRB- twenty-two colored streets , four railroads and two utilities -RRB- , three Chance spaces , three Community Chest spaces , a Luxury Tax space , an Income Tax space , and the four corner squares : GO , Jail , Free Parking , and Go to Jail
British exports of opium to China grew from an estimated 15 tons in 1730 to 75 tons in 1773 .
Crosby Ravensworth is a village , civil parish and fell in the Eden District of Cumbria , England .
Ball and chain is a slang term for a person 's spouse .
A major difference between the manga and other versions of Team Rocket is that several Gym Leaders are antagonists in the manga .
Dildo is a town on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Emperor Shirakawa ascends to the throne of Japan .
Today most people wear western clothes and wear the cooler and more comfortable yukata for special occasions .
Honey to the B is the debut album by pop singer Billie Piper , released in 1998 -LRB- see 1998 in music -RRB- .
He intended the show to be '' a Stagecoach kind of drama with a lot of people trying to figure out their lives in a bleak pioneer environment . ''
82 1183 to 1198 Emperor Go-Toba Takahira Traditional dates .
Edward Gough Whitlam , AC , QC -LRB- born 11 July 1916 -RRB- , known as Gough Whitlam -LRB- goff -RRB- , is an Australian former politician and 21st Prime Minister of Australia .
By Wireless - how we got the signals through by G A TaylorThe Air Age and its Military Significance by G A TaylorSome Chapters in the Life of George Augustine Taylor , a biography by J M Giles
San Bernardino is a city located in and the county seat of San Bernardino County , California , United States .
More than ten years after its last race Team Lotus remains one of the most successful racing teams of all time , winning seven Formula One Constructors ' titles , six Drivers ' Championships , and the Indianapolis 500 in the United States , between 1962 and 1978 .
Thus , the basic means of painting are distinct from ideological means , such as geometrical figures , various points of view and organization -LRB- perspective -RRB- , and symbols .
Bessy is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
There are about 13,400 residents as of 2005 and the city has a well-established leather industry , which counts more than 400 factories and laboratories spread over the 16.92 square kilometres of its total area .
1928 & ndash ; James Coburn , American actor -LRB- d. 2002 -RRB-
Mona Ingeborg Sahlin -LRB- nÃ e Andersson ; born 9 March 1957 -RRB- is a Swedish politician and the former leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party .
The Foucault pendulum , or Foucault 's pendulum , named after the French physicist LÃ on Foucault , is a simple device conceived as an experiment to demonstrate the rotation of the Earth .
Harry Edward Nilsson III -LRB- June 15 , 1941 -- January 15 , 1994 -RRB- , who sometimes went by the stage name Nilsson , was an American songwriter who achieved the peak of his commercial success as a singer in the mid 1970s .
The seven presidents born in Ohio were Ulysses S. Grant , Rutherford B. Hayes , James A. Garfield , Benjamin Harrison -LRB- grandson of William Henry Harrison -RRB- , William McKinley , William Howard Taft and Warren G. Harding .
Parcieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
St. Helens is a village and civil parish located on the eastern side of the Isle of Wight .
Jesús María Satrústegui Azpiroz -LRB- born 12 January 1954 -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a striker .
In 1992 , Coppola would again re-edit all three Godfather movies -LRB- The Godfather , The Godfather Part II and The Godfather Part III -RRB- in chronological order dubbed The Godfather Trilogy 1901-1980 .
Such glosses help the reader follow the relationship between the source text and its translation and the structure of the original language .
Christian pop group Casting Crowns began as a student worship band in Daytona Beach , FL , in 1999 .
Upon rescuing him , Zuko attacks the group .
Iwan mosques are most notable for their domed chambers and iwans , vaulted spaces opening out at one end .
Thus , Christianity acquired an identity distinct from Rabbinic Judaism , but this distinction was not recognized all at once by the Roman Empire , see Split of early Christianity and Judaism for details .
In the following chronology the city will be referred to as Medina , and the region surrounding it as Yathrib .
At 1130 f , Ashland is Alabama 's highest elevated county seat .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 and given the provisional designation .
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow -LRB-/O1980/O-RRB-
A text box , text field or text entry box is a common element of graphical user interface -LRB- GUI -RRB- of computer programs , as well as the corresponding type of widget used when programming GUIs . A text box 's purpose is to allow the user to input text information to be used by the program .
Others believe that the name derives from the word '' tzitzern '' , which in Armenian means '' little finger '' - presumably a reference to the relics of St. George that were kept in the church .
Pavant is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It was signed by Chancellor Willy Brandt and Prime Minister JÃ zef Cyrankiewicz at the Presidential Palace on 7 December 1970 , and it was ratified by the German Bundestag on 17 May 1972 .
In Canada , an inverse representation of the Saltire , combined with the shield from the Royal Arms of the Kingdom of Scotland , forms the modern flag of the Canadian Province of Nova Scotia -LRB- New Scotland -RRB- , the first colonial venture of the Kingdom of Scotland into the Americas .
The Austral Thrush , Turdus falcklandii , is a medium sized thrush from southern South America .
'' Roseraie du Val-de-Marne '' in L'Ha ÿ - les-Roses , France
Stephen Gregory '' Steve '' YzermanESPN - Steve Yzerman Stats , News , Photos - Detroit Red Wings -LRB- ; born May 9 , 1965 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and current general manager of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League .
Their championship win was the last for coach Tina Theune-Meyer , who months earlier had announced her retirement effective at the end of the tournament .
The principal advantage of a unicameral system is more efficient lawmaking , as the legislative process is much simpler and there is no possibility of legislative deadlock .
In the Middle Ages , onions were such an important food that people would pay their rent with onions , and even give them as gifts .
It was founded in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton and Jim Charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .
Goudelancourt-lès-Berrieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Sean Murphy , '' Judge dismisses libel suit against John Grisham '' , Huffington Post , 18 Sep 2008 Grisham was named due to his publication of the non-fiction book , The Innocent Man .
The jewelry is then re-inserted , and as the piercing adapts to the new diameter of jewelry , the process is repeated with the next application of tape being thicker than the previous one .
At a house show in Paris , France on April 24 , James won her third Women 's Championship during a Triple Threat match that also involved Victoria .
Stereophonic sound # Balance of stereophonic sound
Kinect holds the Guinness World Record of being the '' fastest selling consumer electronics device '' . It sold an average of 133,333 units per day with a total of 8 million units in its first 60 days .
It can go long periods of time without water , as long as it has access to green plants , since it has have the ability to take moisture out of plants .
before WrestleMania , Orton 's father , '' Cowboy '' Bob Orton , begged the Undertaker to have mercy on Orton .
Year 1313 -LRB- MCCCXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
On 14 March 1984 in central Belfast , Adams was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt when several Ulster Freedom Fighters -LRB- UFF -RRB- gunmen fired about 20 shots into the car in which he was traveling .
Yvette Cooper - Work and Pensions Secretary in the Brown Cabinet , was also born in Inverness .
501 BC -- Naxos is attacked by the Persian Empire .
The SPÃ -- , Ã -- VP and the Greens ratified the Treaty of Lisbon in parliament without a referendum , and only FPÃ -- and the Alliance for the Future of Austria did n't sign .
The revolt did not succeed , he rebels were betrayed and , as punishment , all of Sardar Sherbaz Khan 's eight sons were blasted by cannon fire in Murree whilst Sardar Khan himself was hanged .
Doulezon is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
In a speech , Wulff also expressed his opposition to euthanasia and warned of a retreat of moral values .
In informal situations , the term begging the question is often used in place of circular argument . In the formal context , however , begging the question holds a different meaning .
It has been shown by the Gibbard-Satterthwaite theorem that any voting method which is completely strategy-free must be either dictatorial or nondeterministic -LRB- that is , might not select the same outcome every time it is applied to the same set of voter preferences -RRB- .
On August 13 , 2007 , Fey made a guest appearance on the children 's television series Sesame Street , in the episode , '' The Bookaneers '' .
Tosh .0 -LRB- pronounced -RRB- is an American television series hosted by comedian Daniel Tosh , who provides sarcastic commentary on online video clips , society , celebrities , and other parts of popular culture .
Henderson 's Boys is a series of young adult spy novels written by English author Robert Muchamore .
The Olympic Games -LRB- - ta Olympia ; - Olympiakoi Agones -RRB- were a series of athletic competitions held for representatives of various city-states of Ancient Greece held in honor of Zeus .
In 1985 , Juventus became the first club in the history of European football to have won all three major UEFA competitions , the European Champion Clubs ' Cup , the -LRB- now-defunct -RRB- UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup and the UEFA Cup -LRB- first Italian and Southern European side to win the competition -RRB- .
Brenner chose this 1 millimeter-long soil roundworm mainly because it is simple , is easy to grow in bulk populations , and turned out to be quite convenient for genetic analysis .
though accepted in the Voegelin & Voegelin classification -LRB- 1977:18 -19 -RRB- .
Cheryl Hines -LRB- born September 21 , 1965 -RRB- is an American actress and television director , best known for her role as Larry David 's wife Cheryl on HBO 's Curb Your Enthusiasm .
In Spain , South America , Cuba , and Puerto Rico , '' tortilla '' refers to an omelette , with variations that can include vegetables such as onions and potatoes .
June 17 & ndash ; Sir Francis Drake , during his circumnavigation of the world , lands in what is now California , which he claims for Queen Elizabeth I. With an English claim here and in Newfoundland , it becomes the basis for English colonial charters which will claim all land from the Atlantic to the Pacific , from '' sea to sea . ''
He was Mayor of West Berlin from 1967 to 1977 , serving as President of the Bundesrat in 1967\/68 .
For Derek Yee 's romantic drama Lost in Time -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Cheung won the award for Best Actress at the Hong Kong Film Awards .
July 1 & ndash ; Liu Ji , Chinese military strategist , officer , statesman and poet -LRB- d. 1375 -RRB-
William Dwight Schultz -LRB- born November 24 , 1947 -RRB- is an American stage , television and film actor .
Aberdour -LRB- Gaelic : Obar Dobhair -RRB- is a scenic and historic village on the south coast of Fife , Scotland .
Cheval-Blanc is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
, saying they want to put '' everything out there '' , and Fazer also adding '' It 's going to suprise you ! ''
106 Dempsey joined the Associates , while Simon Gallup -LRB- bass -RRB- and Matthieu Hartley -LRB- keyboards -RRB- from The Magspies joined The Cure .
In this sense one speaks of the diameter rather than a diameter , because all diameters of a circle have the same length , this being twice the radius .
Norbert Eder -LRB- born 7 November 1955 -RRB- is a former German football player .
He was the first person to land a quadruple salchow in competition and the first person to land three quadruple jumps in one program .
The Union 's name is formed from the beginning of each country 's name ; it was possibly created for the Benelux Customs Union , Revue de l'Institut International de Statistique -LRB-/O1947/O-RRB- Vol .
New Haven is the second-largest municipalityIn U.S. Census population estimates between 2000 and 2009 , New Haven and Hartford 's populations were estimated to have been within 511 of each other .
In the case above the photoreceptors for red light in the retina are fatigued , lessening their ability to send the information to the brain .
The Tracey Ullman Show is a weekly all-American television variety show , hosted by British comedian and onetime pop singer Tracey Ullman .
Replacement Most of the powers of the GLC were devolved to the London boroughs .
Loudest Love is an EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden .
Bolognese sauce is sometimes taken to be a tomato sauce , but authentic recipes have only a small amount of tomato concentrate .
On April 7 , 1994 , the Royal Philharmonic under the direction of Sir Gilbert Levine performed at the Vatican in the historic '' Papal Concert to Commemorate the Holocaust '' , with cellist Lynn Harrell and Academy Award-winning actor Richard Dreyfuss as narrator .
The First Sino-Japanese War occurred -LRB- between China and Japan -RRB- during 1894-1895 , primarily over control of Korea .
Huygens landed on Titan on January 14 , 2005 , discovering that many of the moon 's surface features seem to have been formed by flowing fluids at some point in the past .
The purpose was to create a continuousness to the German character of the University of Strasbourg , that had been a German Imperial University from 1872 to 1918 .
John Wilkes Booth -LRB- May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 -RRB- was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
Houston County was established on February 9 , 1903 , from parts of Dale County , Geneva County and Henry County .
Hampton , London , England
-LRB- The idea came to him during the drive from Hanna-Barbara to Nickelodeon to pitch an idea to Fred Seibert . -RRB-
Gilberto Alves , nicknamed Gil -LRB- born December 24 , 1950 in Nova Lima -RRB- , was a footballer from Brazil .
It borders Quá # ng Ninh District on the west and south , the South China Sea on the east , Bá '' ` Trá ch District on the north .
In spite of the common term food poisoning , most cases are caused by a variety of pathogenic bacteria , viruses , or parasites that contaminate food ,
Even in German , a Freiherr is sometimes styled and addressed as '' Baron '' , although this is not the official title .
When an inferior planet is visible after sunset , it is near its greatest eastern elongation .
Ted DiBiase made his first WWE appearance on the May 26 episode of Raw , in which he claimed that he and a mystery partner would take the World Tag Team Championship from Rhodes and Holly . At the Night of Champions pay-per-view event in June , DiBiase revealed his partner was running late and started the match without him , however Rhodes quickly betrayed Holly by attacking him .
The Tokyo Women 's & Children 's Wear Manufacturers ' Association -LRB- -RRB- promoted the western clothes .
Michaels explained that there was '' chemistry '' between Fey and Fallon .
Ajaz Anwar is a distinguished painter of Pakistan .
In claws , this results in an abscission layer , and the old segment breaks off .
They are often lined with a fabric if the garment becomes transparent when wet .
Exeter Cathedral , the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at Exeter , is an Anglican cathedral , and the seat of the Bishop of Exeter , in the city of Exeter , Devon in South West England .
In 1947 , by the Indian Independence Act 1947 , the British abandoned their supremacy , and following the Partition of India Amb 's Nawab decided to give up the independence the state had previously enjoyed by acceding to the new country of Pakistan .
making it the fourth smallest country in the world .
Except for the Shimshal , Misgar and Chipursan valleys , all the villages of Gojal can be seen from the Karakorum Highway -LRB- KKH -RRB- , which crosses Gojal , entering China at the Khunjerab Pass .
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Until late in 2006 , Al Ain and Buraimi enjoyed an open border and functioned as a unit .
Sibiu County has 2 municipalities , 9 towns and 53 communes
Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution , a 3G digital mobile phone technology
It is located south-west of Sydney on the Hume Highway and above sea-level .
Often described as the '' backbone of England '' , .
Razors have been identified from many Bronze Age cultures .
HORSE the Band are currently on a break from touring and recording , their first in over six years .
2028 -LRB- MMXXVIII -RRB- will be a leap year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian Calendar .
In 1800 , the family moved to Freiberg , in Saxony , where Weber , then 14 years old , wrote an opera called Das stumme Waldmädchen -LRB- The silent forest maiden -RRB- , which was produced at the Freiberg theater .
Stefani 's second solo album The Sweet Escape -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- yielded '' Wind It Up '' , '' 4 In The Morning '' and the highest selling single '' The Sweet Escape '' .
To the south are the islands of Montserrat and Guadaloupe , and to the south and west are Nevis , St. Kitts , St. Barts , and St. Martin .
The province 's name means '' Lands across river IJssel '' .
In September 2009 , Polanski was arrested by Swiss police at the request of U.S. authorities who asked for his extradition .
At the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view on June 20 , he lost the championship to Rey Mysterio in a fatal four-way match , also involving CM Punk and The Big Show .
Osly-Courtil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Pro-Mont Blanc -LRB- an international collective of associations for the protection of Mont Blanc -RRB- published in 2002 the book Le versant noir du mont Blanc -LRB- The black hillside of Mont Blanc -RRB- , which exposes current and future problems in conserving the site .
It is also the largest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
Pietro Perugino -LRB- 1446 â '' 1524 -RRB- , born Pietro Vannucci , was the leading painter of the Umbrian school , who developed some of the qualities that found classic expression in the High Renaissance .
It destroyed Agustín Ross Park , most of Agustín Ross Cultural Centre , and the Espinillo and Rodeíllo villages were also severely affected .
At the 2006 census , Peechelba and the surrounding area had a population of 116 .
Music and sport are the only fields that largely fall outside the station 's remit .
In oviparous species both sperm and egg cells are released into the water and fertilisation and development take place outside the parent 's bodies .
83.2 km2 -- Formentera Island , Spain
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense of hearing .
The final batch was built in 1988 , although multiple-unit designs based on the Mark 3 bodyshell continued to be built into the early 1990s .
In his first season he scored in half of the games he played , while in his second he notched 25 goals in 19 games .
Isonoe -LRB- , or as in Greek -RRB- , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
Genesis of the Daleks marked a new era for the depiction of the species , with most of their previous history either forgotten or barely referred to again .
He was born in England and lived and worked there until age 37 , when he emigrated to the British American colonies , in time to participate in the American Revolution .
After the Kosovo War and the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia , the territory came under the interim administration of the United Nations Mission in Kosovo -LRB- UNMIK -RRB- , most of whose roles were assumed by the European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo -LRB- EULEX -RRB- in December 2008 .
The band is well known for their inspirational lyrics and their use of unique musical techniques .
A formative member of the Democratic-Republican Party with a political base in NY , Burr served in the New York State Assembly -LRB- 1784 -- 1785 , 1798 1801 -RRB- , as New York State Attorney General -LRB- 1789 -- 1791 -RRB- , United States Senator -LRB- 1791 -- 1797 -RRB- , and for one term as vice president under Jefferson .
With the success of Michael 's solo singles , '' Careless Whisper '' -LRB-/O1984/O-RRB- and '' A Different Corner '' -LRB-/O1986/O-RRB- , rumors of an impending termination of Wham !
Gerhard Lenski , Human societies : An introduction to Macrosociology , McGraw-Hill , 1982 , ISBN 0-07-037176-8 For example , this definition would apply to the population of Germany being deemed a society , but German-speaking people as a whole scattered about different countries would not be considered a society .
They are generally classified as a single species , Trichoplax adhaerens , although there is enough genetic diversity that it is likely that there are multiple , morphologically similar species .
Since his death , Kelly has become part of Australian folklore , the language and the subject of a large number of books and several films .
These Portuguese established many important towns in the state , such as Florianópolis , the capital .
In 1912 Ambrose Bierce proposed '' an improvement in punctuation â '' the snigger point , or note of cachinnation : it is written thus ___ \/O/ !
Both male and female beavers possess a pair of castor sacs and a pair of anal glands located in two cavities under the skin between the pelvis and the base of the tail .
The unexpected fighting capabilities of the small Confederate force had temporarily created a reprieve for the salt works .
Pascal is best remembered as one of the Hungarian producers of the likes of Alexander Korda who made a mark on American and British cinema .
He and Jon von Tetzchner were part of a research group at the Norwegian state phone company -LRB- now known as Telenor -RRB- where they developed browsing software called MultiTorg Opera .
The child was Penny Seeger , and the mother was composer Ruth Crawford Seeger . Soon after this , Elizabeth again began working as a maid , caring for Ruth Crawford Seeger and Charles Seeger 's children , Mike , Peggy , Barbara , and Penny .
The largest river in Gießen is the Lahn , which divides the town in two parts -LRB- west and east -RRB- , roughly 50 kilometres north of Frankfurt am Main .
Being the Indian city with the closest air link to the small island-country of Maldives and also Sri Lanka , the city 's medical and health infrastructure caters to the needs of the patients from both countries , especially Maldives .
The Federal Administrative Court -LRB- Bundesverwaltungsgericht -RRB- is one of the five federal supreme courts of Germany .
King Seonjo was the first Joseon king to reside at the palace . King Gwanghaegun was crowned in this palace in 1608 , and renamed it Gyeongun-gung -LRB- ê 1\/2 ì ê , æ
Benzene , or benzol , is an organic chemical compound the molecular formula C6H6 .
In the diagram at right , the pawn on c4 may move to c5 , while the pawn on e2 may move to either e3 or e4 .
Saul Hudson -LRB- born July 23 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British American musician and songwriter .
Twelve years later , in the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle -LRB- 1748 -RRB- , Austria lost the Duchy , and Philip became the new Duke , founding the House of Bourbon-Parma .
The film 's critical and popular success led to three additional films , Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , a television series , The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles -LRB- 1992 â '' 1996 -RRB- , and 15 video games as of 2009 .
Players are represented by small icons known as avatars that are provided by the website , as players can not upload their own .
Recitation of the Shahadah is the most important of the Five Pillars of Islam for Muslims and is performed daily .
Surface The object has a red-sloped reflectance spectrum , suggesting a surface rich in organic material such as tholins .
In Roman Catholic and Eastern and Oriental Orthodox usage , the term '' virgin birth '' means not only that Mary was a virgin when she conceived and gave birth , but remained a virgin throughout her life , a belief attested since the 2nd century .
The Knights of Malta promoted the idea of a continuous Roman Catholic presence , Anthony T. Luttrell , '' Girolamo Manduca and Gian Francesco Abela : Tradition and invention in Maltese Historiography , '' in Melita Historica , 7 -LRB- 1977 -RRB- 2 -LRB- 105-132 -RRB- .
The approximately 200 species in 15 genera are almost exclusively marine , but several species are regularly seen in brackish water and a few , for example the freshwater moray -LRB- Gymnothorax polyuranodon -RRB- can sometimes be found in freshwater .
The forward thrust is proportional to the mass of the airstream multiplied by the velocity of the airstream .
A lymphocyte is a type of white blood cell in the vertebrate immune system .
Malthusianism refers to the political\/economic thought of Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus whose ideas were first developed during the industrial revolution .
Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques .
Action Fraud is the UK 's national fraud reporting service , run by the National Fraud Authority . Action Fraud is the place to go to get information and advice about fraud , as well as to report fraud .
The history of Christianity concerns the Christian religion and the Christian Church , from the ministry of Jesus and his Twelve Apostles and the Great Commission , to contemporary times and denominations .
There are several competing -LRB- but not mutually exclusive -RRB- theories as to the factors that drove populations to take up agriculture .
Homer rows out on the lake and catches his fish , but when he notices an upset Marge is looking at him , he immediately lets it go to prove his love for her .
It flows through the Romanian counties Harghita , Covasna , BraÅ ov , Sibiu , VÃ cents lcea and Olt .
Other related non-orientable objects include the Möbius strip and the real projective plane .
or is the sixteenth letter in many Semitic abjads , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew and Arabic -LRB- in abjadi order -RRB- .
GA = General American
The sledge eventually stalls as the snow melts -LRB- another sign of the witch 's crumbling power -RRB- , so they have to continue their journey on foot .
LEDs are used as indicator lamps in many devices , and are increasingly used for lighting .
Otto Fritz Meyerhof -LRB- April 12 , 1884 & ndash ; October 6 , 1951 -RRB- was a German-born physician and biochemist .
Sydney Aquarium is a public aquarium located in the city of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
link
Murrurundi is a rural town in Upper Hunter Shire , located in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
In fact , a Portuguese Man O ' War is not a single animal , but rather a siphonophore a colony of four kinds of minute , highly modified individuals , which are specialized polyps and medusoids .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 42 .
He retired from competitive judo on June 17 , 1985 after a remarkable career where he won five gold medals in international competitions and marked 203 consecutive victories -LRB- with 7 draws in-between -RRB- up until his retirement .
Ernesto Beltrán -LRB- born July 1 , 1965 -RRB- , better known as Tito Beltrán , is a Chilean-Swedish tenor .
The release was limited to 1000 copies , and was available on only 7 '' vinyl .
-LRB- -RRB- .
Sakya -LRB- pa -RRB- , Grey Earth , headed by the Sakya Trizin , this tradition was founded by Khon Konchog Gyalpo , a disciple of the great translator Drokmi Lotsawa .
According to the 2005 U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis report , Wyomingâ s gross state product was $ 27.4 billion .
The album And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda was released through EMI records in 1976 and is regarded as one of their finest recordings .
Draughts developed from alquerque .
In older buildings -LRB- e.g. those built prior to 1999 in the UK , before white asbestos was finally banned -RRB- , asbestos may still be present in some areas e.g. old bath panels , concrete water tanks and many other places . Being aware of asbestos locations reduces the risk of disturbing asbestos .
... -LRB- FOR BOAVISTA ! ! ! -RRB-
Evelyn Arthur St. John Waugh -LRB- forvo.com : Evelyn Waugh \/O/ -RRB- -LRB- 28 October 1903 -- 10 April 1966 -RRB- was an English writer , best known for such darkly humorous and satirical novels as Decline and Fall , Vile Bodies , Scoop , A Handful of Dust , and The Loved One , as well as for serious works , such as Brideshead Revisited and the Sword of Honour trilogy that clearly manifest his Catholic convictions .
The panel was first established in 1988 by the World Meteorological Organization -LRB- WMO -RRB- and the United Nations Environment Programme -LRB- UNEP -RRB- , two organizations of the United Nations -- an action confirmed on 6 December 1988 by the United Nations General Assembly through Resolution 43\/53 .
From the early 20th century onwards , the rind has been more commonly pure white , but it was not until the mid-1970s that pure white became standard .
The Operative offers to let Mal go free if he turns River over , but thanks to Inara 's quick thinking she and Mal escape the Operative .
, ' , ' , ' and Superman Returns .
The Koleos was designed by Renault and developed by Nissan .
aiysh Flat unleavened breads -LRB- flatbread -RRB- known as roti , lavash , sangak , yufka , matzo or matzah , lafa , and tortilla are used in many parts of the world .
Schrock was the first to elucidate the structure and mechanism of so called ` black box ' olefin metathesis catalysts .
The Hiram College Library has provided a welcoming , comfortable , and intellectually stimulating environment for many generations of students , faculty , staff , and community members .
She has appeared in a number of films including Training Day , Spider-Man , Scary Movie 3 , Lackawanna Blues and Idlewild .
In 1296 Albert II and his nephews Albert III , Eric I , and John II terminated their joint rule and partitioned Saxony into the Lauenburg line , where Albert III , Eric I , and John II continued to rule jointly until 1303 , and the Wittenberg line , where Albert II continued as sole ruler until 1298 .
Banjul is on St Mary 's Island -LRB- Banjul Island -RRB- , where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean .
Nintendo -- historically the best known console manufacturer ; also the longest running company in the market , and long-time dominant market leader of the handheld console market .
Lucimar Ferreira da Silva -LRB- born 8 May 1978 in Brasília -RRB- , commonly known as Lúcio , is a Brazilian football defender who currently plays for Italian Serie A club Internazionale and the Brazilian national team , of which he is the captain .
There are some diseases transmitted by having sex , called sexually-transmitted diseases -LRB- STDs -RRB- , such as the incurable HIV -LRB- which causes AIDS -RRB- .
Alison Moyet -LRB- born Genevieve Alison Jane Moyet , 18 June 1961 -RRB- , is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice .
In the UK and the Netherlands the device is known as a cafetiÃ re ; the French word for a coffee maker or pot .
Siegfried is a German language male given name , meaning '' victory peace '' .
With the college 's growth in the 19th Century , it is renamed Columbia University in 1896 .
1932 & ndash ; Premiere of Walt Disney 's Flowers and Trees , the first cartoon short to use Technicolor and the first Academy Award winning cartoon short .
In-bay automatics , which consist of an automatic machine that rolls back and forth over a stationary vehicle - often seen at filling stations and stand-alone wash sites .
Thus Theorem 1 of takes the form , '' Every positive integer , except 1 , is a product of primes , '' and Theorem 2 -LRB- their '' Fundamental '' -RRB- asserts uniqueness .
In 1999 , the line was supplemented by the low-end iBook range .
However , a hominid skull discovered in Chad in 2001 , classified as Sahelanthropus tchadensis , is approximately seven million years old , which may indicate an earlier divergence .
Disinformation may include distribution of forged documents , manuscripts , and photographs , or spreading malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence .
In 1957 , the writer Hans Magnus Enzensberger published his essay Die Sprache des Spiegels -LRB- '' The Language of Der Spiegel '' -RRB- , in which he criticised what he called a '' pretended objectivity '' .
Priscilla Harrel : Cecilia 's childhood friend .
After 20 years with the same line-up difficult times followed in the 1970s : Dubinsky defected to the West and the second violinist , Jaroslav Alexandrov , retired through ill-health .
1927 & ndash ; Ferenc Puskás , Hungarian footballer -LRB- d. 2006 -RRB-
The town has a population of 35,203 according to the 2001 census and the urban area has a population of over 70,000 .
As of mid-2010 , Republicans fill a minority of seats in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives , hold a minority of state governorships , and control a minority of state legislatures .
The property is owned by the National Park Service and is part of the President 's Park .
The game is unusual within the action-adventure genre in that there are no towns or dungeons to explore , no characters with which to interact , and no enemies to defeat other than the colossi .
U.S. Census Bureau , 2005 Population Estimates , Census 2000 , 1990 Census : http://factfinder.census.gov/
Earlier in his career , he appeared in Copying Beethoven , playing Ludwig van Beethoven 's nephew Karl .
Undergarments commonly worn by women today include brassieres and panties -LRB- also known as knickers -RRB- , while men wear briefs , boxer shorts , or boxer briefs .
Later at its height , gradually added , were the annexed princely states of Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Punjab in India , Haryana , and Himachal Pradesh and portions of Chhatisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , and Maharashtra in present day India , including the provinces of North West Frontier and Punjab in Pakistan , and Burma -LRB- present day Myanmar -RRB- .
The hilly course is also a good feature for road cycling races usually held in the circuit .
For example , a Bayesian network could represent the probabilistic relationships between diseases and symptoms .
Scenes depicting the murder trial are shown alternating with the story of Gwen 's life .
Democrat Barack Obama , then junior United States Senator from Illinois , defeated Republican John McCain .
The main event was for the WWE Championship between champion John Cena and Triple H. Triple H came out to the ring on a throne dressed as a Conan the Barbarian-type king , while Cena came out with a tommy gun and was accompanied by a group of '' gangsters '' -LRB- one of whom was future WWE Superstar CM Punk -RRB- in a 1940s Chicago-era vehicle .
Gregorio Allegri -LRB- 1582 -- 17 February 1652 -RRB- was an Italian composer of the Roman School and brother of Domenico Allegri ; he was also a priest and a singer .
It marks the southernmost point of the BahÃ a de Banderas , upon which the port and resort city of Puerto Vallarta stands .
The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species -LRB- also known as the IUCN Red List or Red Data List -RRB- , founded in 1963 , is the world 's most comprehensive inventory of the global conservation status of plant and animal species .
D.
In a communication system , a transmitter encodes a message into a signal , which is carried to a receiver by the communications channel .
In Greek mythology , as recorded in the Iliad by Homer , Patroclus , or Patroklos -LRB- Gr .
, 350,400 people had been evacuated and resettled from the most severely contaminated areas of Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine .
Dornas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
With this method , Moseley determined the number of lanthanoids and showed the gaps in the atomic number sequence at numbers 43 , 61 , 72 , and 75 .
Florida 's physical geography was also damaged by the storm .
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Harry learns that his parents were betrayed to Voldemort by their friend Peter Pettigrew , who framed Harry 's godfather Sirius Black for the crimes , condemning him to Azkaban , the wizard prison .
Ming rule saw the construction of a vast navy and a standing army of one million troops .
Peter Rabbit , his sisters Flopsy , Mopsy , and Cottontail , and his mother are anthropomorphic rabbits who dress in human clothing and generally walk upright on their hind legs , though they live in a rabbit hole under a fir-tree .
Katamari -RRB- , known in Japan as , is a video game published by Namco for the PlayStation 2 .
Most of the people are Awans with the Abbasies in a minority , the Union Council is led by the Nazim Malik Mushtaq Ahmed , most of the people are poor and lead a simple life .
She was voted one of the most popular people in France , and has been compared to Mother Teresa , although she herself regarded the comparison as '' ridiculous '' .
Hobbits first appeared in the J. R. R. Tolkien novel , The Hobbit , in which the main protagonist , Bilbo Baggins , is a hobbit .
Michael John Reiziger -LRB- born May 3 , 1973 in Amstelveen , Noord-Holland -RRB- is a former Dutch footballer , who played mainly as a right defender .
The earliest fossil attributed to Therapsida is believed to be Tetraceratops insignis -LRB- Lower Permian -RRB- , M. Laurin & R.R. Reisz , 1996 , The osteology and relationships ofTetraceratops insignis , the oldest known therapsid , Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 16 -LRB-/O1/O-RRB- :95 -102 J. Liu , B. Rubidge & J. Li , New basal synapsid supports Laurasian origin for therapsids , 2009 , Acta Palaeontol .
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
One of the most important debates over the sermon is how directly it should be applied to everyday life .
She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work , and was given assignments from the Swedish Academy , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the royal academy Pro Patriaa and Empress Eugenie of France .
Approximately 30 seconds from the end of the song , Noel can be heard -LRB- distortedly -RRB- singing the chorus from '' Octopus 's Garden '' by The Beatles .
The storm dropped moderate rainfall along the Mexican coast , and generated winds that downed trees and caused minor damage .
Modification to Tsim Sha Tsui Station involved upgrading station facilities and concourse layout to facilitate access from the East Tsim Sha Tsui East Rail station via its pedestrian links .
Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Haemophilia B -LRB- factor IX deficiency -RRB- occurs at about 1 in about 20,000 -- 34,000 male births .
Rouen Cathedral is a Roman Catholic Gothic cathedral in Rouen , in northwestern France .
The Indus Valley desert covers an area of 19,500 square kilometers -LRB- 7,500 square miles -RRB- in northwestern Punjab Province , lying between the Chenab and Indus rivers .
Several important cultural achievements were made in the decade , including publication of Roger Bacon 's important scientific work Opus Majus and Thomas Aquinas ' Summa contra Gentiles .
Hamas was created in 1987 by Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi and Mohammad Taha of the Palestinian wing of Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood at the beginning of the First Intifada , an uprising against Israeli rule in the Palestinian Territories .
The name is taken from the vast Palace of Whitehall that used to occupy the area but which was largely destroyed by fire in 1698 .
September & ndash ; Battle of Pelagonia : The Empire of Nicaea defeats the Principality of Achaea , ensuring the eventual reconquest of Constantinople in 1261 .
An EAN-13 barcode -LRB- originally '' European Article Number '' , but now renamed '' International Article Number '' even though the abbreviation has been retained -RRB- is a 13 digit -LRB- 12 + check digit -RRB- barcoding standard which is a superset of the original 12-digit Universal Product Code -LRB- UPC -RRB- system developed in the United States .
Annapolis reported strong winds and rains on August 13 as well .
He has subsequently written a further nine plays .
Fabiano Luigi Caruana -LRB- born July 30 , 1992 -RRB- is Grandmaster and chess prodigy with dual citizenship of Italy and the United States .
In 2008 , the College enrolled 5,850 undergraduate students and 2,042 graduate and professional students in and granted 1,454 bachelors , 440 masters , and 209 professional degrees .
Peter owned several Florida citrus groves , and with produce from the groves Lilly opened a juice stand on Via Mizner , just off Worth Avenue in Palm Beach .
It consists of carnivorous plants : besides the sundews , the genus Drosera , it also contains the even more-famous Venus fly trap Dionaea muscipula .
In addition to updated graphics , the remake includes new characters , a multiplayer mode , and minigames .
The University of Poitiers is founded .
Another of Ma 's cellos , the Davidov Stradivarius , was previously owned by Jacqueline du PrÃ who passed it to him upon her death , and owned by the Vuitton Foundation .
The singular , commonly used on culturally politicised reserves , is the term First Nations person -LRB- when gender-specific , First Nations man or First Nations woman -RRB- .
On the February 25 episode of Raw , 2008 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee Ric Flair challenged Shawn Michaels to a match at WrestleMania .
York is the traditional county town of Yorkshire , yet it did not form part of any of the three historic ridings , or divisions , of Yorkshire .
png
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 -LRB- IAUC 8802 -RRB- , Halimede was known by the provisional designation S/2002 N 1 .
Therefore , in meteorology for the Northern hemisphere , spring begins on 1 March , summer on 1 June , autumn on 1 September , and winter on 1 December .
If a '' hurricane season '' were to be demarcated in the South Atlantic , it would most likely be the opposite of the North Atlantic season , from November to the end of April with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere .
Thunder Bay -LRB- 2006 census population 109,140 -RRB- , formerly the twin cities of Fort William and Port Arthur , is a city in and the seat of Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Moraceae -- often called the mulberry family or fig family -- is a family of flowering plants comprising about 40 genera and over 1000 species .
Maria Branwell Brontë died of cancer on 15 September 1821 , leaving five daughters and a son to the care of her sister Elizabeth Branwell .
La traviata is an opera in three acts by Giuseppe Verdi set to an Italian libretto by Francesco Maria Piave .
The Letter on the Conversion of the Jews by a fifth century bishop named Severus tells of the conversion of the island 's Jewish community in AD 418 .
Odessa catacombs Most of the city 's 19th century houses were built of limestone mined nearby .
La Brévière is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The firm was founded by Amédée Gordini nicknamed '' Le Sorcier '' -LRB- The Sorcerer -RRB- .
The BT postcode area , also known as the Belfast postcode area , Royal Mail , Address Management Guide , -LRB- 2004 -RRB- covers Northern Ireland and was the last part of the United Kingdom to be coded , between 1970 and 1974 .
It was the tallest building in the world outside of New York City at the time of its construction , and remained the tallest building in Europe until 1990 .
It was at the top of the French singles charts for a total of eleven weeks and had the highest numbers of download in November 2009 .
Its flagship project , Wikipedia , ranks among the top ten most-visited websites worldwide .
Over the span of three years more than 16,000 solar home systems have been financed through 2,000 bank branches , particularly in rural areas of South India where the electricity grid does not yet extend .
He first drew critical praise for the 1966 Off-Broadway play Eh ? for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award .
In early 1948 , she made the surprising discovery that both Dissociator and Activator could transpose , or change position , on the chromosome .
Hoverflies are harmless to most other animals despite their mimicry of the black and yellow stripes of wasps , which serves to ward off predators .
Observed 30 June 2006 when it occulted TYC 6854-00630 .
The Brak Show - Zorak , various minor characters
1817 & ndash ; Ramón de Campoamor y Campoosorio , Spanish poet and philosopher -LRB- d. 1901 -RRB-
Mmhmm -LRB- 2004 -- 2006 -RRB- The group released their fourth album , Mmhmm , in late 2004 .
Hillary married June Mulgrew , the widow of his close friend Peter Mulgrew , on 21 December 1989 .
But there is no botanical relationship with this plant , nor with Sichuan pepper .
In cryptography , RC6 is a symmetric key block cipher derived from RC5 .
Morpheus and Trinity use a subway station telephone to exit the Matrix , but before Neo can leave , he is ambushed by Agent Smith .
The grass pitch is rectangular , stretching 130 -- 145 meters long and 80 -- 90 meters wide .
Hwanhee appeared on Korean television drama '' Over the Rainbow '' during summer of 2006 , and Joo released his solo album The Brian in December 2006 .
For Brazil national football team he played 29 matches , won Copa América 1949 and participated at two FIFA World Cup finals , in 1950 and 1954 .
The partition of Ireland between the Irish Free State and Northern Ireland was not as controversial .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Atoka is serviced by several media outlets , including the Atoka County Times , published weekly on Wednesdays , 102.1 KHKC , a radio station headquartered on the county line between Atoka and Coal Counties , and KXII and KTEN , television stations broadcasting from Sherman , Texas .
When mature , the sorrel-colored Lightning Bar stood tall and weighed about 1250 l.
Death In 2000 , Henning died in Los Angeles at age 52 , five months after being diagnosed with liver cancer .
Friar Vicente de Valverde , who had earlier offered the Bible to Atahualpa , intervened again , telling Atahualpa that if he agreed to convert to Catholicism he would convince the rest to commute the sentence .
Sir Redmond Barry died of the effects of a carbuncle on his neck on 23 November 1880 , twelve days after Kelly .
The song is the final song on Panic ! at the Disco 's debut album A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out .
He also forms a rivalry with characters Draco Malfoy , a classmate from an elitist wizarding family , and the cold , condescending Potions master , Severus Snape , Draco 's mentor and the head of Slytherin House .
Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald -LRB- September 24 , 1896 -- December 21 , 1940 -RRB- was an American writer of novels and short stories , whose works are evocative of the Jazz Age , a term he coined himself .
When she was two , her family moved to Baltimore , Maryland , where she began to play the piano .
Natron is white to colourless when pure , varying to gray or yellow with impurities .
Gennady Nikolayevich Rozhdestvensky -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born May 4 , 1931 -RRB- is a Russian conductor .
Grisham 's writing career bloomed with the success of one his books - The Firm - and he has given up law practice since then except for the brief return in 1996 to fight the case of settlement for the family of a railroad worker .
Cargo cults developed primarily in remote parts of New Guinea and other Melanesian and Micronesian societies in the southwest Pacific Ocean , beginning with the first significant arrivals of Westerners in the 19th century .
Lyndon Baines Johnson -LRB- August 27 , 1908 -- January 22 , 1973 -RRB- , often referred to as LBJ , served as the 36th President of the United States from 1963 to 1969 after his service as the Vice President of the United States from 1961 to 1963 .
I n Karaca -LRB- born 7 March 1973 in London -RRB- is a Turkish Cypriot pop singer with 5 albums .
He is generally considered a manifestation of the Hindu god Vishnu or his Avatar -LRB- incarnation -RRB- Krishna .
It can also refer to any situation wherein an object in the foreground blocks from view -LRB- occults -RRB- an object in the background .
They were contemporaries of The Beatles , and later had the same manager , Brian Epstein .
Other localities severely affected included Buxton and Taggerty .
Notable storms of 1970 include Hurricane Celia , which killed 20 and caused $ 453.8 million in damages as it passed over Cuba and into Corpus Christi , Texas ; and Tropical Storm Dorothy , which killed 51 , most in Martinique .
Selection On October 18 , 1963 , at the 60th IOC Session in Baden-Baden , West Germany , Mexico City finished ahead of bids from Detroit , Buenos Aires and Lyon to host the Games .
Finally , President Heuss declared that Fallersleben 's poem should be the official anthem again , but at official occasions only the third stanza had to be played .
Largely unrecognised during his lifetime , Blake is now considered a seminal figure in the history of both the poetry and visual arts of the Romantic Age .
Durech/O. , J. ; Kaasalainen , M. , Marciniak , A. ; et al. , '' Physical models of ten asteroids from an observers ' collaboration network , '' Astronomy and Astrophysics , Volume 465 , Issue 1 , April I 2007 , pp .
About one year after the construction of the wall , Fechter attempted to flee from the GDR -LRB- German Democratic Republic -RRB- together with his friend Helmut Kulbeik .
The NHC 's archive on Hurricane Cindy .
Ruth died on June 14 , 2007 , at the age of 87 .
Lucretia Coffin Mott -LRB- January 3 , 1793 â '' November 11 , 1880 -RRB- was an American Quaker , abolitionist , social reformer , and proponent of women 's rights .
Maldonado 's performances in FR3 .5 were enough to attract the interest of GP2 teams , and he signed a contract to drive for Trident Racing in 2007 after a successful test in late 2006 .
Initially the bodies were thrown down a disused mine-shaft at Ganina Yama , 12 miles -LRB- 19 km -RRB- north of Yekaterinburg .
His successes brought him a tour of the United States in 1904 , which increased his interest in his racial heritage .
Roller derby is an American-invented contact sport -- and historically , a form of sports entertainment -- based on formation roller skating around an oval track .
1910 & ndash ; Aviator Eugene Ely performs the first take off from a ship in Hampton Roads , Virginia .
The translation of '' red colored '' was Colorado .
Mary was kept in England for most of her childhood .
It is located in the southern part of the central plateau of the country , at an elevation of 1300 m -LRB- 4256 ft -RRB- .
Rose is one of the tertiary colors on the HSV -LRB- RGB -RRB- color wheel .
'' Shut Up and Drive '' was inspired by '' Blue Monday '' , embracing a noticeable rock-oriented sound .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- -LRB- known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE -RRB- and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
Increase energy efficiency : Run chemical reactions at ambient temperature and pressure whenever possible .
About 9 % of Nicaragua 's population is black , or Afro-Nicarag Ã 1\/4 ense , and mainly reside on the country 's sparsely populated Caribbean or Atlantic coast . The black population is mostly of West Indian -LRB- Antillean -RRB- origin , the descendants of indentured laborers brought mostly from Jamaica when the region was a British protectorate .
This article is about the atmospheric mesosphere , for the Earth 's mantle see Mesosphere -LRB- mantle -RRB- .
On July 24 , 2008 , Kara came back with two new members , Goo Hara and Kang Jiyoung .
The university has approximately 1,300 faculty in eight colleges and 55 academic departments .
She is the 2008 Olympic individual all-around gold medalist , the 2005 and 2007 World Champion on the balance beam , and the 2005 World Champion on the uneven bars .
Shortly after he recovered , he strained his voice while preaching , which brought on a violent fit of coughing .
The book was published on 30 June 1997 by Bloomsbury in London , and in the United States under the title Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone by Scholastic Corporation in 1998 .
Aerobics is a form of physical exercise that combines rhythmic aerobic exercise with stretching and strength training routines with the goal of improving all elements of fitness -LRB- flexibility , muscular strength , and cardio-vascular fitness -RRB- .
Hucqueliers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 2008 the population was about 98,788 people .
Located in Kashubia in Eastern Pomerania , Gdynia is part of a conurbation with the spa town of Sopot , the city of Gda sk and suburban communities , which together form a metropolitan area called the Tricity -LRB- Trójmiasto -RRB- , with a population of over a million people .
The Faroe Islands have two representatives on the Nordic Council , as members of the Danish delegation .
He assured Bobby he was n't to go by swearing on his son 's name ; however , Cirie , Courtney and Danielle overpowered Shane and told him they felt Bruce was more trustworthy and less problematic .
The Minnesota North Stars were a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for 26 seasons , from 1967 to 1993 .
One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
Hugo BenjamÃ n Ibarra -LRB- born April 1 , 1974 in El Colorado , Formosa -RRB- is a retired Argentine professional football player .
Frequency Although cyclonic activity is most prevalent in the Eurasian Arctic with approximately 15 cyclones per winter , polar cyclones also occur in Greenland and the Canadian Arctic .
A metallic radioactive transuranic element of the actinides , mendelevium is usually synthesized by bombarding einsteinium with alpha particles . It was named after Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev , who was responsible for the Periodic Table .
This has led to the Crystal Palace area straddling the boundaries of five London Boroughs ; Bromley , Croydon , Lambeth , Southwark and Lewisham .
Geographic location of municipal-rural community of Wyrzysk Gmina -LRB- commune -RRB- Wyrzysk has a population of about 14,500 and occupies an area of 160.7 km ² .
Airoldi had intended to pass along the Croatian coast then through Kotor and Corfu .
The harvesting of wild seafood is known as fishing and the cultivation and farming of seafood is known as aquaculture , mariculture , or in the case of fish , fish farming .
Moreover , Pompey 's senatorial allies disagreed with Pompey over whether to fight at Pharsalus , and pushed Pompey , who wanted to starve Caesar 's soldiers , into a quick decision .
Honey consists of bee-processed flower nectar and is often named for the type of flower , e.g. orange blossom honey , clover honey and tupelo honey .
It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution .
The Turkish national football team is the national association football team of Turkey , controlled by the Turkish Football Federation -LRB- -RRB- .
Hamasaki dated singer-actor Tomoya Nagase since her brief acting career , and they publicly announced their relationship in 2001 .
Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre , 1st Marquess of the Gardens of Aranjuez -LRB- November 22 , 1901July 6 , 1999 -RRB- , commonly known as Joaquín Rodrigo , was a composer of classical music and a virtuoso pianist .
Career Shawn Lane was born in Memphis , Tennessee .
Forty-five songs were written by singer and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong by October 2007 , but the band members did not enter studio work with Vig until January 2008 .
Klemme is a city in Hancock County , Iowa , United States .
A liquid in a high pressure environment has a higher boiling point than when the liquid is at atmospheric pressure . In other words , the boiling point of a liquid varies dependent upon the surrounding environmental pressure -LRB- which tends to vary with elevation -RRB- .
Its theme and outlook are often cited as examples of existentialism , though Camus did not consider himself an existentialist ; in fact , its content explores various philosophical schools of thought , including -LRB- most prominently and specifically -RRB- absurdism , as well as determinism , nihilism , naturalism , and stoicism .
It first ran in the daytime on NBC from March 30 , 1964 until January 3 , 1975 ; concurrently ran in a weekly syndicated version from September 9 , 1974 to September 5 , 1975 ; and later ran in a revival from October 2 , 1978 to March 2 , 1979 . All of these versions were hosted by Art Fleming .
Lake Zurich -LRB- Swiss German/Alemannic : Zürisee ; German : Zürichsee -RRB- is a lake in Switzerland , extending southeast of the town of Zürich .
Francesco Hayez -LRB- February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 -RRB- was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
The movie The Longest Day also contains scenes of the assault on the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc .
There is snow on the pass all year round , although in the summer only a small stretch of snow has to be passed .
For most of his presidency , Indonesia experienced significant economic growth and industrialisation ,
Flobecq -LRB- ; Picard : Flôbek -RRB- is a Walloon municipality -LRB- with language facilities for Dutch -RRB- located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Corresponding to most kinds of particles , there is an associated antiparticle with the same mass and opposite electric charge .
The 5200 also featured a revolutionary new controller with an analog joystick , numeric keypad , two fire buttons on each side of the controller and game function keys for Start , Pause , and Reset .
Olympiastadion - Munich -LRB-/O1972/O-RRB-
Auto racing -LRB- also known as automobile racing , motor racing or car racing -RRB- is a motorsport involving racing cars .
It is threatened by habitat .
D-Von Dudley Raw Brock Lesnar When drafted , Lesnar 's manager , Paul Heyman , went along with him in the draft .
In October , the band began their '' Welcome to the Universe '' tour , sponsored by MTV2 .
Bandai Visual Bandai Entertainment Madman Entertainment
Tesla may have suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder , Kerryr.net and had many unusual quirks and phobias .
The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane , Australia .
In 1945 , he entered a recording studio for the first time , as a member of Herbie Fields 's group .
Lubbock received honorary degrees from the universities of Oxford , Cambridge -LRB- where he was Rede lecturer in 1886 -RRB- , Edinburgh , Dublin and Würzburg ; and in 1878 was appointed a trustee of the British Museum .
Massively multiplayer online role-playing game -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- is a genre of computer role-playing games in which a very large number of players interact with one another within a virtual game world .
The video was directed by Kinga Burza and features a Moulin Rouge and burlesque-type setting with scenes of Perry , along with many other flamboyantly-dressed women dancing to the song .
It reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming her first top-ten hit in the United States .
Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many calculations are carried out simultaneously , Almasi , G.S. and A. Gottlieb -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia -LRB- present-day znik in Turkey -RRB- by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
Only five others are known : , , , and .
During his years of musical study , Pavarotti held part time jobs in order to sustain himself - first as an elementary school teacher and then as an insurance salesman .
Reeve also had two children , Matthew -LRB- born 1979 -RRB- and Alexandra -LRB- born 1983 -RRB- , from his previous relationship with girlfriend Gae Exton .
Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his residence to Rabat .
Guide to Palms A collection of palm images , scientific data , and horticultural information hosted by Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden , Miami .
After Stanford died , Wood assumed his mentor 's vacant role as University of Cambridge Professor of Music in 1924 .
He was given the name Juan Santos Atahualpa . In accordance with his request , he was strangled with a garrote instead of being burned on July 26 , 1533 .
Robert Doornbos took two wins and several podium places on his way to third in the series , winning Rookie of the Year honors .
Lando Calrissian is a character in the Star Wars universe .
Oliwa passed south of Wake Island on September 6 , where it caused heavy rains but no damage .
In ancient times this took the form of actually altering the text of the Sermon to make it more palatable .
Colloquially and by the press , they are often referred to as ministers , e.g. the head of the DDPS as '' minister of defense '' , even though no such post officially exists .
Examples of burrowing animals include a number of frogs , amphibians , reptiles , and birds -LRB- including small dinosaurs -RRB- , as well as numerous invertebrates including insects , spiders , sea urchins , crustaceans , clams and worms .
This is the re-packaged version of the original '' You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' , which was released in 1984 .
At its narrowest point between Kent County 's Plum Point -LRB- near Newtown -RRB- and the Harford County shore near Romney Creek , the Bay is 2.8 miles -LRB- 4.5 km -RRB- wide ; at its widest point , just south of the mouth of the Potomac River , it is 30 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- wide .
The disk is described as logical because it does not actually exist as a single physical entity in its own right .
This article contains information on the 1993-1994 season of Serie B , the second highest football league in Italy .
Other descriptive English names based on '' bear '' have included monkey bear , native bear , and tree-bear .
In pre-modern times , antisexualism was usually expressed in religious terms , but it now also occurs as a secular social reform agenda .
The winner of that series becomes the NHL and Stanley Cup champion .
Hot chocolate of this type is commonly sold in circular or hexagonal tablets which can be dissolved into hot milk , water or cream , then blended until the mixture develops a creamy froth .
Francisco JosÃ Carrasco Hidalgo -LRB- born 6 March 1959 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a winger , and currently a coach .
Official British Raj sources placed the fatalities at 379 , and with 1100 wounded .
Flak tower
The Mediterranean Sea is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean surrounded by the Mediterranean region and almost completely enclosed by land : on the north by Anatolia and Europe , on the south by North Africa , and on the east by the Levant .
Conuropsis , from '' Conurus '' , an obsolete name of the genus Aratinga -LRB- cf .
Infraorder Tapinocephalia
It was the band 's eleventh studio album and their first to be recorded digitally , and is based on the soundtrack to the film Highlander , the first in a series directed by Russell Mulcahy .
The Cholas and Chalukyas fought many battles and both kingdoms were exhausted by the endless battles and a stalemate existed .
2009 , page 1 .
Major factors that contributed to Diablo IIs success include its addictive gameplay and access to the free online play service , Battle.net .
He was elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993 .
In an interview given for World Chess Network after the World Chess Championship 2005 held in San Luis , he said : '' I only prepared seriously for San Luis , and I think it has paid off .
For most of its history Pitt was a private institution , until it became part of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education in 1966 .
Dromore -LRB- -RRB- is a small town in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Each base station frame provides 12 duplex speech channels , with each time slot occupying any channel .
Capsaicin The fruit of most species of Capsicum contains capsaicin -LRB- methyl vanillyl nonenamide -RRB- , a lipophilic chemical that can produce a strong burning sensation in the mouth of the unaccustomed eater .
This chemically-produced light from the lower abdomen may be yellow , green , or pale red -- wavelengths from 510 to 670 nanometers .
Explorer John Oxley was the first European to discover the area in 1817 and named it '' Wellington Valley '' after Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington .
He also would make his first ARCA starts in 2003 , and caught the eye of legendary car owner Richard Childress after leading 47 laps and finishing second in his debut at Nashville Superspeedway driving for Bobby Gerhart .
After lawsuits were filed and heated press statements exchanged , the United States Soccer Federation -LRB- USSF -RRB- declared they would sanction neither the NASL or the USL First Division in 2010 , and ordered both '' camps '' to work together on a plan to temporarily allow their teams to play a 2010 season .
Venom has been known in the families Caenophidia , Anguimorpha , and Iguania and has been shown that it evolved a single time along these lineages before the three families diverged because all lineages share nine common toxins .
That company quickly evolved into the Independent Moving Pictures Company -LRB- IMP -RRB- .
It illustrates the Biblical story from the Book of Genesis in which God the Father breathes life into Adam , the first man .
The work of men like Swami Vivekananda , Ramakrishna Paramhansa , Sri Aurobindo , Subramanya Bharathy , Bankim Chandra Chatterjee , Sir Syed Ahmed Khan , Rabindranath Tagore and Dadabhai Naoroji spread the passion for rejuvenation and freedom .
The posthumous names of Japanese emperors are called teigÅ -LRB- å å , lit .
Fiona Shaw as Petunia Dursley , Harry 's aunt , who , like Vernon , treats him poorly .
Its main functions are to settle legal disputes submitted to it by states and to give advisory opinions on legal questions submitted to it by duly authorized international organs , agencies , and the UN General Assembly .
The 95 Theses on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences , commonly known as The Ninety-Five Theses , was written by Martin Luther in 1517 and is widely regarded as the primary catalyst for the Protestant Reformation .
The first performance of the revised version of his Enigma Variations - the version usually performed - took place at the cathedral during the 1899 Three Choirs Festival .
Lex van den Berghe answered the question with Lindsey Richter 's name , who , unbeknownst to the producers , also had no piercings .
Common engineering solids usually have coefficients of thermal expansion that do not vary significantly over the range of temperatures where they are designed to be used , so where extremely high accuracy is not required , practical calculations can be based on a constant , average , value of the coefficient of expansion .
The Office implements the Programme on Space Applications and maintains the Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space .
David Wright -LRB- born 1 May 1980 in Warrington -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Crystal Palace .
in Middletown , VA
The anatomy of the lobster includes the cephalothorax which is the head combined with the thorax , both of which are covered by the carapace , of chitinous composition , and the abdomen .
Emmanuelle is the lead character in a series of French softcore erotic movies based on a character created by Emmanuelle Arsan in the novel Emmanuelle -LRB- 1959 -RRB- .
Lords required the loyal services of vassals , who were rewarded with fiefs of their own .
He threw them out as he believed they were taking jobs that belonged to Ugandans .
She studied English literature at Hongik University and completed graduate studies at the University of Utah .
Some public celebrations organize multi-cultural food and music events .
In the amphitheater , the condemned -LRB- including Sextus -RRB- are waiting to be thrown to the wild beasts .
This force is still in operation today as part of the Metropolitan Police and is the oldest police force in the world . Even today , many British police forces are referred to officially by the term '' Constabulary '' rather than '' Police '' .
Clare is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
Historical events The movie Anatomy of a Murder was filmed in Ishpeming and surrounding areas in 1959 , based on the novel by Ishpeming native John D. Voelker under the pen name Robert Traver .
A companion DVD was released in June 2003 .
Caliphs were often also referred to as AmÄ '' r al-Mu ` minÄ '' n -LRB- Ø # Ù
Saint-M édard is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Philip II , Duke of Savoy -LRB- d. 1497 -RRB-
Fédération Cynologique Internationale -LRB- FCI -RRB- is an international federation of kennel clubs based in Thuin , Belgium .
Universal , like other major movie studios , owns a considerable library .
McGehee is a city in Desha County , Arkansas , United States .
1867 & ndash ; Amy Beach , American composer and pianist -LRB- d. 1944 -RRB-
Bryggen has since 1979 been on the UNESCO list for World Cultural Heritage sites .
They decided to search and eliminate Chinnamalai and his brothers .
Horst-Dieter HÃ ttges -LRB- born 10 September 1943 in MÃ nchengladbach -RRB- is a former German footballer .
Stem -LRB- ship -RRB- , the upright member mounted on the forward end of a vessel 's keel , to which the strakes are attached
The Games were then scheduled to be staged from July 20 to August 4 1940 .
The seabed -LRB- also known as the seafloor , sea floor , or ocean floor -RRB- is the bottom of the ocean .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
In both common and leap years , no other month begins on the same day of the week as June .
Pointillism is analogous to the four-color CMYK printing process used by some color printers and large presses that place dots of Cyan -LRB- blue -RRB- , Magenta -LRB- red -RRB- , Yellow , and Key -LRB- black -RRB- .
It first came to prominence in Belgium .
UNESCO confirmed Jikji as the world oldest metalloid type in September 2001 and includes it in the Memory of the World program .
On June 2 , 1986 , Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft , but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati , opting instead to enroll at Mississippi State where he developed as a pitcher .
It travels from State Road 826 -LRB- Palmetto Expressway -RRB- and State Road 924 -LRB- Gratigny Parkway -RRB- in Hialeah , Florida -LRB- northwest of Miami -RRB- to Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan , at the Ontario , Canada , border .
Châteauneuf-du-Pape is a town and commune in the Vaucluse département in Provence , in southern France .
In 1833 , Barbados became part of the newly formed colony of the Windward Islands , and the Governor of Barbados became viceroy over the new colony as well .
Boundaries with Jordan , Iraq , and Kuwait were established by a series of treaties negotiated in the 1920s , with two '' neutral zones '' created , one with Iraq and the other with Kuwait .
Gujar Khan -LRB- -RRB- is a city in Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Christian apologetics is a field of Christian theology that aims to present a rational basis for the Christian faith , defend the faith against objections , and expose the perceived flaws of other world views .
-- -RRB-
In the United States , in the House of Representatives and in state legislatures and local government councils , the speaker is usually selected by the members of the majority party and functions as a leader of that party .
Edmund was succeeded as king by his brother Edred , king from 946 until 955 .
Both sexes have 3-4 black spots or blotches on their hind wings .
Gwadar District is divided into two sub-divisions , namely Gwadar and Pasni , which are further divided into tehsils and sub-tehsils .
Since his first game , Mario has usually had the role of saving the damsel in distress .
The song was written by Pink with Tre ' Shon Jenkins , Max Martin and Shellback , who also produced the song .
It is now one of China 's most prosperous major cities .
The principal Pacific port is Buenaventura .
On April 1 , the Veneralia was celebrated in honor of Venus Verticordia -LRB- '' Venus the Changer of Hearts '' -RRB- , the protector against vice .
Party -LRB- role playing games -RRB- , a group of game characters working together for a common purpose , generally comprising the player characters
When they reach the Varden , Urgals come out of nowhere and attack them . When they arrive in Farthen DÃ '' r , Eragon is led to the leader of the Varden , Ajihad .
Inverness City Centre lies on the east bank of the river and is linked to the west side of the town by three road bridges -LRB- Ness Bridge , Friars Bridge and the Black -LRB- or Waterloo -RRB- Bridge -RRB- and by one of the town 's suspension foot bridges , the Grieg Street Bridge .
The 1992 Formula One season was the 43rd FIA Formula One World Championship season .
A tricolor or tricolor -LRB- three colors -RRB- is a flag or banner more-or-less equally divided -LRB- horizontally , vertically , or , less frequently , diagonally -RRB- into three bands of differing colors .
Operationally , Helene was estimated to have had 125 mph -LRB- 205 km\/h -RRB- winds , but the post-storm analysis downgraded it slightly .
At the end of each season the top two clubs , together with the winner of the play-offs between the clubs which finished in 3rd -- 6th position , are promoted to Football League Championship and are replaced by the three clubs that finished at the bottom of that division .
He is most famous for publishing the Musica transalpina -LRB-/O1588/O-RRB- , a collection of Italian madrigals with their words translated into English .
Zeta or ZETA can refer to :
Many early television networks -LRB- e.g. the BBC , NBC or CBS -RRB- evolved from earlier radio networks .
Unlike the chanterelle , the Jack o'Lantern mushroom is poisonous .
Species The name was originally applied to Viscum album -LRB- European Mistletoe , Santalaceae -RRB- , the only species native in Great Britain and much of Europe .
Ï Î Î Î Î Î Ï Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï Î - Î ` .
Dilawar Khan establishes the Malwa Sultanate in present-day northern India .
This debris may have been plucked off the valley floor as a glacier advanced or it may have fallen off the valley walls as a result of frost wedging or landslide .
In the 1980s , the Militant tendency was dominant in the Labour group of Liverpool City Council and came into conflict with the Conservative-led central government over finances it claimed had been '' stolen '' .
In 2006 , the incumbent Democratic governor won re-election by 66 % over a former Republican Congressman .
Surrounding settlements include North Wingfield , Tupton , Pilsley and Ashover .
Chloe Sullivan is a fictional character from the television series Smallville .
Weathering is the breaking down of Earth 's rocks , soils and minerals through direct contact with the planet 's atmosphere .
Of these , 33 are so-called ` shire counties ' with both county councils and district and borough councils , and 40 are unitary authorities .
A mischievous boy who can fly and magically refuses to grow up , Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood adventuring on the small island of Neverland as the leader of his gang the Lost Boys , interacting with mermaids , Indians , fairies , and pirates , and from time to time meeting ordinary children from the world outside .
The Communist Party of China took over all of mainland China and founded the People 's Republic of China in Beijing , leading to two rival governments claiming to be the sole legitimate government of '' China '' .
The Affenpinscher is a terrier-like toy breed of dog .
Wallenfels is a town in the district of Kronach , in Bavaria , Germany .
Etiquette is a code of behavior that influences expectations for social behavior according to contemporary conventional norms within a society , social class , or group .
However a few months later in June 1992 the Boipatong massacre occurred and all negotiations crumbled as the ANC pulled out .
Year 4 -LRB- IV -RRB- was a leap year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Medically assisted suicide -LRB- euthanasia , or the right to die -RRB- is currently a controversial ethical issue involving people who are terminally ill , in extreme pain , or have -LRB- perceived or construed -RRB- minimal quality of life through injury or illness .
Nupedia was an English-language Web-based encyclopedia whose articles were written by experts and licensed as free content .
The wingless adult female is the glowworm of literature , especially Lampyris noctiluca -LRB- the '' Glow-worm '' proper of British English -RRB- found in the most of Europe .
At the 1990 Grammy Awards , Ultramega OK received a nomination for Best Metal Performance .
It was released in Japan on January 21 , 1999 , in North America on April 26 , 1999 , and in Europe on November 19 , 1999 .
Telegram A written message trasnmitted by using a electric device .
Louisiana uses parishes instead of counties , and the administrative center is a parish seat .
In the run up to the 2002 election the CSU\/CDU held a huge lead in the opinion polls and Stoiber famously remarked that '' ... this election is like a football match where it 's the second half and my team is ahead by 2-0 . ''
The Lion King 1 1/2 -LRB- also known as The Lion King 3 : Hakuna Matata in some countries -RRB- is a 2004 American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on February 10 , 2004 .
The centre of Frankfurt is located on the north side of the river .
Rehman was born on 14 October 1983 in Birmingham .
To render the meaning of the Greek intensive verb , the early Latin translators of the New Testament , who had no corresponding verb in their language , felt the need to use the phrase '' gratia plena '' -LRB- full of grace -RRB- .
In 2003 , prior to the outbreak of the second Gulf War , the government of Pakistan announced it was opposed to any action against Iraq .
Between 1983 and 1990 , she was a member of the Bundestag -LRB- German Parliament -RRB- .
Conand is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In 1939 , the town , along with the rest of western Ukraine , was invaded by the Soviet Union -LRB- see Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -RRB- .
Famous extracts from his operas include the '' Ride of the Valkyries '' and the Bridal Chorus from Lohengrin , popularly known as the wedding march '' Here Comes the Bride '' .
GÃ 1\/4 nter Hermann -LRB- born December 5 , 1960 in Rehburg-Loccum , Lower Saxony -RRB- is a former German footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , mainly with SV Werder Bremen .
Its studios located at Shrine Hills , Matina , Davao City .
Ranked 4th nationally
But although the great beauty of this work could find no other fault with it , said that Matteo and Sandro were guilty of grave heresy .
It is also bounded by lake Mälaren and the Baltic sea .
Vienna was burned by the Union Army on December 15 , 1864 .
Since it sought an equitable remedy the Seventh Amendment right to a jury trial did not apply .
In April 2001 , the message was updated to '' Only You Can Prevent Wildfires '' .
Gräfendorf lies in the Würzburg Region near Gemünden am Main .
Among them were Robert Flaherty , Emil Jannings , Greta Garbo and Fritz Lang , who delivered the funeral speech .
In his mind , he was already formulating a new enterprise .
Priscilla Presley -LRB- born Priscilla Ann Wagner ; May 24 , 1945 -RRB- is an American actress and businesswoman .
More precisely , because of the relation between spin and statistics , a particle containing an even number of fermions is a boson , since it has integer spin .
The Twilight Saga : New Moon , commonly referred to as New Moon , is a 2009 American romance fantasy-vampire film based on Stephenie Meyer 's 2006 novel New Moon . It is the second film in The Twilight Saga film series and is the sequel to 2008 's Twilight .
Aprons , such as those used by carpenters , may have many pockets to hold tools .
Josiah Bartlett -LRB- November 21 , 1729 â '' May 19 , 1795 -RRB- was an American physician and statesman , delegate to the Continental Congress for New Hampshire and signatory of the Declaration of Independence .
Diesels are particularly suitable for turbocharging for several reasons :
Christopher Columbus ' first voyage to the Americas in 1492 launched the era of large-scale contact between the Old and the New Worlds that resulted in this ecological revolution , hence the name '' Columbian '' Exchange .
She developed a rapport with Lemmon , but she disliked Curtis after hearing that he had described their love scenes as '' like kissing Hitler '' .
It was bounded by -LRB- from the north and clockwise -RRB- the district Wittenberg in Saxony-Anhalt , the district Elbe-Elster in Brandenburg , and the districts Riesa-Gro ßenhain , Döbeln , Muldentalkreis and Delitzsch .
In April 1994 Space Ghost Coast to Coast -LRB- SGC2C for short -RRB- premiered on Cartoon Network .
Riverside is a city in rural Washington County , Iowa , United States , along the English River on Iowa Highway 22 . It is part of the Iowa City , Iowa Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Curcy-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
-LRB- Think about the question before you speak . -RRB-
The density of the alkanes usually increases with increasing number of carbon atoms , but remains less than that of water .
In January 2006 , the pair won their third consecutive national title and qualified for the Olympics . At the Turin Olympics , Belbin and Agosto won the silver medal in ice dancing , the highest Olympic result of any American team in the discipline , and the first American ice dancers to win an Olympic medal in 30 years .
see text
Rites of Spring was an American post-hardcore band from Washington , D.C. in the mid-1980s , known for their energetic live performances .
Sensation play -LRB- BDSM -RRB- , BDSM term
A legend about the first Nizam states that , on one of his hunting trips he was offered some kulchas -LRB- an Indian bread -RRB- by a holy man and was asked to eat as many as he could .
Ambérieux-en-Dombes is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
Smith , Andy -LRB- August 15 , 1998 -RRB- .
It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba ; Harrison and Knowles produced the track for her second solo album , B ` Day .
It has been determined by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale to be part of the German Spitz breed , and in many countries , they are known as the Zwergspitz -LRB- Dwarf Spitz -RRB- , or Toy German Spitz .
Various forms of hallucinations affect different senses , sometimes occurring simultaneously , creating multiple sensory hallucinations for those experiencing them .
In 2006 , the population was 84,688 .
Larocque would be co-winner of four Vezina Trophies .
A ribbon or riband is a thin band of flexible material , typically cloth but also plastic or sometimes metal , used primarily for binding and tying .
Barenton-Bugny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Aincille -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Arnprior is a village in the Stirling council area of Scotland .
Early life He was born in the village Villeneuve-Loubet , near Nice .
Lake Eyre is the lowest point in Australia , at approximately 15 m -LRB- AHD -RRB- below sea level , and , on the rare occasions that it fills , it is the largest lake in Australia .
To coincide with the brand extension , the event was made exclusive to the Raw brand throughout the event 's history .
The height of the outer wall is 48 meters -LRB- 157 ft / 165 Roman feet -RRB- .
Education There are two major centres of education and research located in the canton of Ticino .
The Province of Monza and of Brianza -LRB- in the Western Lombard : '' Prùvincia de Mùnscia e Briansa '' -RRB- is a province of Lombardy , Italy .
It was once thought that appreciable amounts of molecular oxygen were present in the prebiotic atmosphere , which would have essentially prevented the formation of organic molecules ; however , the current scientific consensus is that such was not the case .
However , this term is also used to refer to the intensification of cooperation between EU Member States as national governments allow for the gradual harmonisation of national laws .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
The University of San Francisco -LRB- USF -RRB- , is a private , Jesuit university located in San Francisco , California .
Aspects of health Physical health Physical fitness refers to good body health , and is the result of regular exercise , proper diet and nutrition , and proper rest for physical recovery .
ISBN 0-691-02075-2 -LSB- -RSB- The legend may combine Christian lore with a Celtic myth of a cauldron endowed with special powers .
Ulan Bator , the capital and largest city , is home to about 38 % of the population .
It can be explained in simple terms : Oxidation describes the loss of electrons / hydrogen or gain of oxygen / increase in oxidation state by a molecule , atom or ion .
Ascoli Piceno is a town and comune in the Marche region of Italy , capital of the province of the same name .
Gough M/O. The Origins of Christian Art , London , 1973
vs. RAW in Japan -RRB- , is a professional wrestling video game released on the PlayStation 2 console by THQ and developed by Yuke 's . It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw series -LRB- the first under the SmackDown vs. Raw name -RRB- and is based on the professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
In their debut at the 2007 World Figure Skating Championships , they placed 6th .
Moreover , angular momentum conservation has numerous applications in physics and engineering -LRB- e.g. the gyrocompass -RRB- .
After an early attempt at this song on 27 January 1969 during the Let It Be sessions , Lennon announced , '' Just heard that Yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the song , substituting '' I 'm free at last '' for a part of the lyric .
The Academy was founded on 2 June 1739 by naturalist Carl Linnaeus , mercantilist Jonas AlstrÃ mer , mechanical engineer MÃ rten Triewald , civil servants Sten Carl Bielke and Carl Wilhelm Cederhielm , and politician Anders Johan von HÃ pken .
Along with WrestleMania XXVIII , a series of events grouped as '' WrestleMania Week '' will be held in the week preceding the event including WrestleMania 's annual WrestleMania Axxess fan convention at the Miami Beach Convention Center , the 2012 WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the American Airlines Arena , the finals of the WrestleMania Reading Challenge , and a Celebrity Pro-Am Golf tournament .
official_name = R d u i
Hildebrand developed methods for interpreting seismic data , and subsequently realized that the technology could be used to detect , analyze , and modify pitch .
Gion-Shijo Station on the Keihan Railway Keihan Line is located beyond the Kamo River .
Grandparents in non western cultures can hold more authority over the matters of a family such as child raising , attitudes and values .
Writer and broadcast analyst John L. Allen , Jr. states that Opus Dei provides abundant information about itself .
They renamed the place Alcante or Alcanatif which means Port of Salt , due to the old salt industry of Phoenicians and Romans .
It is located in the southern Netherlands , some 80 km south of Amsterdam -LRB- map -RRB- .
Ayers earned a B.A. from the University of Michigan in American Studies in 1968 -LRB- his father , mother and older brother had preceded him there -RRB- .
He was born in the Melbourne suburb of Reservoir .
Pistoia is a city in the Tuscany region of Italy , the capital of a province of the same name , located about 30 km west and north of Florence .
It was once part of the north\/south Torrance to San Pedro spur line of the Pacific Electric Railway , that agency 's first interurban line to San Pedro .
The 727 had high-lift devices on its wing , thus being one of the first jets able to operate from relatively short runways .
Preparatory work had already started at a site at Bessborough Gardens near Vauxhall Bridge Road in May 1967 , and on 28 June 1968 Richard Marsh , then Minister of Transport , approved the proposal to build a station at Pimlico .
Cameron was once an atheist , but when Kirk was 17 , during the height of his career on Growing Pains , he developed a belief in God , and became a born-again Christian .
27 two-tier counties
The 1st Infantry Division of the United States Army -- nicknamed '' The Big Red One '' after its shoulder patch ; and also nicknamed '' The Fighting First '' -- is the oldest division in the United States Army , and has seen continuous service since its organization in 1917 .
September 23 & ndash ; The Sadians consolidate their power in Morocco by defeating the last of their enemies .
The bidding process for the 2016 Summer Olympic Games was officially launched on May 16 , 2007 .
Streets in Morehead City and Beaufort were closed , and several homes and businesses suffered minor flood damage .
Barbara raised her children while her husband , who served in a variety of government jobs , was usually away .
Mahima Dharma , Bhima Bhoi and Biswanathbaba According to Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami , '' This is similar to our ability to communicate with others through the telephone .
AntÃ nio de Oliveira Salazar , GColIH , GCTE , GCSE -LRB- ; 28 April 1889 -- 27 July 1970 -RRB- served as the Prime Minister of Portugal from 1932 to 1968 .
Out of 27 stations served , 13 are below ground .
Audie attended elementary school in Celeste until his father abandoned the family in 1936 . He dropped out in the fifth grade to help support his family .
Aluminium fluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula AlF3 .
This name is used as a common term because Khanpur has had a long history of producing clay bowls .
Americans use the terms '' hot chocolate '' and '' hot cocoa '' interchangeably .
Year 1446 -LRB- MCDXLVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
He is best known for a series of murals in the Palazzo Medici-Riccardi depicting festive , vibrant processions with wonderful attention to detail and a pronounced International Gothic influence .
Unfortunately , as the Privatisation of British Rail began , this project became unviable as resources were concentrated on the privatisation process , leading to the famous 1064-day ` drought ' of new train orders .
Run -LRB- also known as Pulo Run or Puloroon -RRB- is one of the smallest islands of the Banda Islands which are a part of Indonesia .
Amy Irving portrays the adult Anna Anderson .
The Three Gorges Dam -LRB- -RRB- is a hydroelectric river dam that spans the Yangtze River in Sandouping , Yichang , Hubei , China .
It is distinguished from the other Zaglossus species by the number of claws on the fore and hind feet : three -LRB- rarely four -RRB- .
Hall , p. 1 .
is the capital and most populous city in the state of Victoria , and the second most populous city in Australia .
The inner districts are : Central Stuttgart -LRB- German : Stuttgart-Mitte -RRB- , Stuttgart North -LRB- Stuttgart-Nord -RRB- , Stuttgart East -LRB- Stuttgart-Ost -RRB- , Stuttgart South -LRB- Stuttgart-S Ã 1\/4 d -RRB- , and Stuttgart West -LRB- Stuttgart-West -RRB- .
Giant MÃ bius strips have been used as conveyor belts that last longer because the entire surface area of the belt gets the same amount of wear , and as continuous-loop recording tapes -LRB- to double the playing time -RRB- .
Work was completed in 1871 and opened to the public .
Leonard Simon Nimoy -LRB- ; born March 26 , 1931 -RRB- is an American actor , film director , poet , musician and photographer .
The 7 July 2005 London bombings , also known as 7/7 , were a series of coordinated suicide attacks on London 's public transport system during the morning rush hour .
Muzaffar Alam , a noted scholar of Mughal and Indo-Persian history , asserts that Persian became the lingua franca of the empire under Akbar for various political and social factors due to its non-sectarian and fluid nature .
Thionville -LRB- , , -RRB- , is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in northeastern France .
Kabyle or Kabylian -LRB- Berber : Taqbaylit , -RRB- is a Berber language or a Berber dialect spoken by the Kabyle people north and northeast of Algeria .
OpenOffice.org users can also install the Open Clip Art Library , which adds a huge gallery of flags , logos , icons and banners for general presentation and drawing projects .
Cormost is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Chunichi Dragons drafted Fukudome in 1998 in the first round as a shortstop .
Phenotypes result from the expression of an organism 's genes as well as the influence of environmental factors and the interactions between the two .
Albiorix is the largest member of the Gallic group of irregular satellites .
Dogs Dogs are usually banned from entering mosques , but on September 24 , 2008 , the Muslim Law Council UK granted a blind Muslim permission to take his guide dog into the mosque via a Fatwa .
The gulf 's surface area is about 62000 s/O. The name '' Gulf of California '' predominates on most maps in English today .
Following the death of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain in April 1994 , Grohl formed Foo Fighters as frontman and songwriter .
Flumenthal is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Fifty-six field offices are located in major cities throughout the United States as well as over 400 resident agencies in smaller cities and towns across the country .
History Creation The USSR 's launch of Sputnik spurred the United States to create the Advanced Research Projects Agency , known as ARPA , in February 1958 to regain a technological lead .
Alan Meale -LRB- L -RRB-
In the United States , on September 2 , 2001 , Cowboy Bebop became the first anime title to be shown as part of the U.S. Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim programming block .
In OOP , each object is capable of receiving messages , processing data , and sending messages to other objects and can be viewed as an independent ` machine ' with a distinct role or responsibility .
It was founded on 1 January 1936 during the administration of President LÃ zaro CÃ rdenas del RÃ o.
Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in - ka formed from a proper name Arzash , which recalls the name Arsene , Arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van .
As a psychedelic band led by Syd Barrett in the late 1960s , Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene ; The UFO club , Pink Floyd however , Barrett 's erratic behavior eventually forced his colleagues to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour .
Eminem quickly gained popularity in 1999 with his major-label debut album , The Slim Shady LP , which won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album .
Noron-l ` Abbaye is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Gerolamo -LRB- or Girolamo , or Geronimo -RRB- Cardano -LRB- French JÃ rÃ me Cardan ; Latin Hieronymus Cardanus -RRB- -LRB- 24 September 1501 â '' 21 September 1576 -RRB- was an Italian Renaissance mathematician , physician , astrologer and gambler .
Kirkville is a city in Wapello County , Iowa , United States .
The hippopotamus is the type genus of the family Hippopotamidae .
The poem was first published in a December 1873 issue of the Smith County Pioneer under the title '' Oh , Give Me a Home Where the Buffalo Roam . ''
This timeline documents all the storm formations , strengthening , weakening , landfalls , extratropical transitions , as well as dissipation .
A true output -LRB-/O1/O-RRB- results if one , and only one , of the inputs to the gate is true -LRB-/O1/O-RRB- .
Benton also set up the Benton Foundation , which managed the Britannica until 1996 .
An example of this is some of the names of the days of the week : modelled after the names of the days of the week in Latin -LRB- named after Mars , Mercury , Jupiter , Venus , and Saturn -RRB- , the names for Tuesday through to Friday were replaced with Germanic equivalents of the Roman gods and the names for Monday and Sunday after the Sun and Moon .
Vehari District -LRB- -RRB- is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan - the city of Vehari is the capital of the district .
The remnants continued northeastward , passing near Newfoundland on August 10 before weakening near Greenland on August 14 .
Many pregnant women carry a fetus with a different blood type from their own , and the mother can form antibodies against fetal RBCs .
It is administratively subdivided into 31 Union Councils , two of which form the tehsil capital Mailsi .
Although budgerigars are often , especially in American English , called parakeets , this term refers to any of a number of small parrots with long , flat tails .
Monstera is a genus of 22 -LRB- -25 -RRB- species of flowering plants in the family Araceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas .
Mo ovce first developed as a royal settlement with a free advocacy , and from the middle the 14th century as a privileged town subjected to the royal castle of Blatnica .
A line of text in writing or typography
It was originally a National Wrestling Alliance -LRB- NWA -RRB- and World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- championship , and is currently the secondary championship of the Raw brand .
Females are browner , have less and duller yellow , and lack the black -LRB- Sibley 2000 , Oiseaux.net 1996-2007 -RRB- .
It was gradually shown that , at least in the case of all the higher and readily visible organisms , the previous sentiment regarding spontaneous generation was false .
Old College is a building of the University of Edinburgh .
José Vicente Sánchez Felip -LRB- born 8 October 1956 -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer .
North Dakota was carved out of the Dakota Territory and admitted to the Union on November 2 , 1889 , simultaneously with South Dakota .
Headsets provide the equivalent functionality of a telephone handset with hands-free operation .
Lena Meyer-Landrut -LRB- born 23 May 1991 -RRB- , known professionally as Lena , is a German singer .
The Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation Between the People 's Republic of China and the Russian Federation -LRB- FCT -RRB- is a twenty-year strategic treaty which was signed by the leaders of the two international powers , Jiang Zemin and Vladimir Putin , on July 16 , 2001 .
It is unfretted , and played much like a violin , being held horizontally under the chin .
Martin was born in Waco , Texas , and raised in Southern California , where his early influences were working at Disneyland and Knott 's Berry Farm and working magic and comedy acts at these and other smaller venues in the area .
The distance between thumb and another finger to the elbow on an average person measures about 24 digits or 6 palms or 1 1/2 feet .
There Gillem captured 84 prisoners , including Col. Richard C. Morgan and the brigade 's supply train .
As these programs became more common in the late 1980s several companies set up services that would accept the shows on diskette and create slides or print transparencies .
Cockatoo Island also hosted the Sydney Festival 's '' All Tomorrow 's Parties '' music festival in January 2009 .
It is called transistor -- transistor logic because both the logic gating function -LRB- e.g. , AND -RRB- and the amplifying function are performed by transistors -LRB- contrast this with RTL and DTL -RRB- .
Carnoux-en-Provence is a commune northeast of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of France .
Eratosthenes calculated the circumference of the earth without leaving Egypt .
Victoria Elizabeth Crawford -LRB- born June 30 , 1986 -RRB- is an American model and professional wrestler best known by her ring name Alicia Fox . She is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- where she performs on the Raw brand .
It is located about north west of Lenzburg .
It is traditionally white with red stripes and flavored with peppermint or cinnamon -LRB- also known respectively as a peppermint stick or cinnamon stick -RRB- ; however , it is also made in a variety of other flavors and may be decorated with stripes of different colors and thicknesses .
Cut marks found on the bones of wild deer , elephants , rhinoceroses and horses demonstrate that they were butchered .
After she died , consumer demand for her recordings grew significantly , and by 2001 she had sold more than 80 million records .
McComb , Mississippi
Shale is characterized by breaks along thin laminae or parallel layering or bedding less than one centimeter in thickness , called fissility .
Read-write snapshots are branching snapshots because they implicitly allow diverging versions of an LV .
In Mario Kart Wii , the developers were able to incorporate motorbikes . The game was called '' Mario Kart X '' internally for a while , before deciding on '' Mario Kart Wii '' .
Then-President George W. Bush , to help the victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake , named Clinton and George H. W. Bush to lead a nationwide campaign on January 3 , 2005 .
Many oxen are used worldwide , especially in developing countries .
Namesake Leprechaun Vallis Leprechauns of Irish mythology Sprite Vallis Sprites of Celtic mythology Chasms Arielian chasms are called chasmata .
The 2008 Formula One season was the 59th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
The movement argues that nuclear reactor accidents remain a possibility and no convincing solution to the problem of long-lived radioactive waste has been proposed .
In 2004 , the San Francisco Symphony launched Keeping Score & ndash ; MTT on Music , a series of projects comprising audio-visual performances for DVD and broadcast on PBS 's Great Performances , multimedia websites , and educational programs for schools .
Roure is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
It was named for Brigadier General Francis Nash , who had been mortally wounded that year at the Battle of Germantown .
Cruel Intentions -LRB-/O1999/O-RRB- , a modern-day retelling of Les Liaisons dangereuses featured a kiss between Gellar and co-star Selma Blair that won the two the '' Best Kiss '' award at the 2000 MTV Movie Awards .
The games follow the misadventures of the hapless Guybrush Threepwood as he struggles to become the most notorious pirate in the Caribbean , defeat the plans of the evil undead pirate LeChuck and win the heart of governor Elaine Marley .
Saint-Macaire is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Takuya Honda -LRB- Honda Takuya , born 17 April 1985 in Sagamihara , Kanagawa , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
The Four Stages of Cruelty is a series of four printed engravings published by English artist William Hogarth in 1751 .
It was founded in 1484 by King Richard III , and is a corporate body consisting of the professional heralds who are delegated heraldic authority by the British monarch .
The city is also headquarters for the St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla National Bank , the largest bank in the Eastern Caribbean , in terms of assetts .
Unlike the Doctor 's other foes , the Cybermen costumes have changed substantially in appearance over the years , looking more and more modern , although retaining certain commonalities of design , the most iconic being the '' handle bars '' attached to Cybermen heads that were supposed to aid with their hearing . Other design elements include their round eyeholes and their chest units .
The main cast features Sammul Chan from the original series with the new addition of Kenneth Ma , Ella Koon , and Selena Li .
Joseph Priestley -LRB- 13 March 1733 -LRB- Old Style -RRB- â '' 6 February 1804 -RRB- was an 18th-century English theologian , Dissenting clergyman , natural philosopher , educator , and political theorist who published over 150 works .
It is the administrative seat of the Alb-Donau district , although it is not part of the district .
Presently he decided to come back to Thailand again and join with his former club Bangkok United FC -LRB- formerly name Bangkok University FC -RRB- ''
This distinction had previously contributed to debate in the early Church about whether they should be read in the churches and thus be classified as canonical texts .
Achiral -LRB- not chiral -RRB- objects are objects that are identical to their mirror image .
All titles were released in VHS and DVD formats except Toy Story , which was released on VHS only .
The Qin emperor ordered a new city to be constructed , which was called Jiang -LRB- æ å -RRB- and Chu Prefecture -LRB- æ å -RRB- .
Though the prokaryotic cyanobacteria -LRB- commonly referred to as blue-green algae -RRB- were traditionally included as '' algae '' in older textbooks , many modern sources regard this as outdated as they are now considered to be bacteria .
Markbygden Wind Farm will be a series of interconnected wind farms in the Markbygden area west of PiteÃ , in northern Sweden .
Image : Autocross01 .
A chord progression -LRB- or harmonic progression -RRB- is a series of musical chords , or chord changes that '' aims for a definite goal '' of establishing -LRB- or contradicting -RRB- a tonality founded on a key , root or tonic chord .
It is located on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. and was dedicated on May 30 , 1922 .
The rural municipalities of Byneset , Leinstrand , Strinda , and Tiller were merged with Trondheim on 1 January 1964 .
The single was one of the year 's biggest radio hits , after being played first in the UK on the Dermot O'Leary Show on BBC Radio 2 , along with their first live radio session .
Instead , Pompey waited Caesar 's troops out , attempting to starve them by cutting off Caesar 's supply lines . Caesar made a near disastrous attack on Pompey 's camp at Dyrrhachium and was forced to pull away .
SSE argued that in light of the economic downturn that '' increasing passenger numbers from 25mppa to 35mppa will not make any difference in the short term .
It was influenced by the Noh Drama .
Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Terence Ian '' Terry '' Butcher is a former professional football player where he made his name as an uncompromising defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s .
October 6 & ndash ; Germantown , Pennsylvania is founded -LRB- in 1983 U.S. President Ronald Reagan declares a 300th Year Celebration , and in 1987 , it becomes an annual holiday , German-American Day -RRB- .
This is a guide for using multiple licensing of one 's contributions made to Wikipedia so that they are in the public domain or licensed under alternative licenses in addition to the CC-BY-SA license .
BulzeÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,920 people .
After the discovery of Vesta in 1807 , no further asteroids were discovered for 38 years .
Wierre-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Sea of Galilee , also Lake of Gennesaret , Lake Kinneret , Sea of Tiberias or Tiberias Lake -LRB- , -RRB- , located near the Golan Heights , is the largest freshwater lake in Israel , and it is approximately 53 km -LRB- 33 miles -RRB- in circumference , about 21 km -LRB- 13 miles -RRB- long , and 13 km -LRB- 8 miles -RRB- wide .
7,542 people lived in the town of Gunnedah in 2006 , including 931 indigenous persons -LRB- 12.3 % -RRB- .
Bahawalpur is located south of the Sutlej River and lies in the Cholistan region near the Thar Desert .
James appeared in WWE in October 2005 and was placed in a storyline with Trish Stratus , in which James ' gimmick was that of Stratus ' biggest fan turned obsessed stalker , an angle which lasted almost a year .
1989 & ndash ; Romanian Revolution : Protests continue in Timi oara with rioters breaking into the Romanian Communist Party 's District Committee building and attempting to set it on fire .
Situated between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge , it forms the western end of the Pool of London .
St. Charles is a city in Hopkins County , Kentucky , United States .
The work was originally distributed in pamphlet form by Lama Foundation .
It broke its customary media silence when it denounced the Rwandan Genocide in 1994 . It struggled to prevent the crimes that happened in and around Srebrenica in 1995 but admitted , '' We must acknowledge that despite our efforts to help thousands of civilians forcibly expelled from the town and despite the dedication of our colleagues on the spot , the ICRC 's impact on the unfolding of the tragedy was extremely limited . ''
The Nguni languages , called the Kaffa languages in the 19th century .
In October 1911 , Wittgenstein arrived unannounced at Russell 's rooms in Trinity College and was soon attending his lectures and discussing philosophy with him at great length .
Leonid Azkaldian was one of the pioneers of the Karabakh movement and a military leader .
During his lifetime , Durkheim gave many lectures , and published numerous sociological studies on subjects such as education , crime , religion , suicide , and many other aspects of society .
They have released two albums so far , Colour It In , with a follow-up , Wall of Arms , released on 4th May 2009 .
Romans used whitewashed walls in their markets in which sellers , money lenders , and slave traders wrote their announcements and advertised for their products , and to attract the attention of customers they added attractive designs to their announcements .
Saint-Germain-du-Pert is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Teachout-Cooley Library of Hiram College was erected in 1900 with money given by Abram Teachout .
Mammaliaformes -LRB- '' mammal-shaped '' -RRB- is a clade that contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives .
In Red Faction : Guerrilla , the player takes the role of Alec Mason as he assists the Red Faction to disrupt and overthrow the oppressive Earth Defense Force -LRB- EDF -RRB- on Mars .
La Croixille is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Alexandra eventually had Tyutcheva fired .
Medusa is another word for jellyfish , and refers to any free-swimming jellyfish stages in the phylum Cnidaria .
Lithuanian News The latest official data show emigration in early 2006 to be 30 % lower than the previous year , with 3,483 people leaving in four months .
New Year 's Revolution was removed from the WWE schedule when they reduced the number of PPVs per year .
Athena -LRB- -RRB- or Athene -LRB- ; Attic : , Ath n or , Ath naia ; Epic : , Ath nai ; Ionic : , Ath n ; Doric : , Athana ; -RRB- , also referred to as Pallas Athena -LRB- ; -RRB- , is the goddess of war , civilization , wisdom , strength , strategy , crafts , justice and skill in Greek mythology .
Nokturnal Mortum is a Ukrainian black metal band from Kharkiv .
They enlisted members in all 50 states and 27 countries .
The first European to arrive at the place now known as Williamstown was Acting-Lieutenant Robbins , who explored Point Gellibrand with his survey party in 1803 .
Francisco Javier Peral Periane , usually called by his nickname , Javito , -LRB- born November 4 , 1983 , Plasencia , Spain -RRB- is a right winger/attacker that previously played for FC Barcelona 's youth academy -LRB- Barcelona B and C -RRB- .
He became organist at the Milan cathedral in 1760 .
After that it is known as the Danube and flows southeastward for a distance of some 2850 km -LRB- 1771 miles -RRB- , passing through four Central and Eastern European capitals , before emptying into the Black Sea via the Danube Delta in Romania and Ukraine .
Urheimat -LRB- a German compound of ' '' primitive , original '' and ' '' home , homeland '' ; , -RRB- is a linguistic term denoting the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language .
The Constitution states that the vice president becomes president upon the removal from office , death or resignation of the preceding president . If the offices of president and vice president both are either vacant or have a disabled holder of that office , the next officer in the presidential line of succession , the Speaker of the House , becomes acting president .
European Directive 95\/2\/EC on food additives other than colors and sweeteners Safety assessment and approval are the responsibility of the European Food Safety Authority .
Cartagena de Indias -LRB- Cartagena of Indies or Cartagena of West Indies , in Spanish -RRB- -LRB- , -RRB- , is a city on the northern coast of Colombia and capital of Bolívar Department .
The dormice were kept and raised either in large pits or -LRB- in less spacious urban surroundings -RRB- in terra cotta containers , the glirariaE .
In 1929 , Feuermann became professor at the Musikhochschule in Berlin where he taught for the next four years .
Besides attending the attorneys ' conference , Thompson and Acosta looked for ways in Vegas to explore the theme of the American Dream , which was the basis for the novel 's second half , to which Thompson referred at the time as '' Vegas II '' .
The lagomorphs are the members of the taxonomic order Lagomorpha , of which there are two living families , the Leporidae -LRB- hares and rabbits -RRB- , and the Ochotonidae -LRB- pikas -RRB- .
According to reports from his jailers -LRB- including Horst Bubeck -RRB- , the defendants , especially Baader , kept their cells as dirty and disgusting as possible in order to discourage searches for items that might be smuggled in ; at this time lawyers and defendants were not separated by panes of glass during unsupervised meetings , as evidenced by photos taken by inmates .
He arranged a group of up to 5,000 people to sing in a choir and then preached the gospel and invited people to come forward .
Francisco ` Paco ' JosÃ Camarasa Castellar -LRB- born 27 September 1967 -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer , who played mainly as a central defender .
It is the most populous commune in the ArdÃ che department , although it is not the capital , which resides in the smaller town of Privas .
Several successful boxing trainers , including Teddy Atlas , Kevin Rooney , and Joe Fariello , were tutored by D' Amato .
The noble gases were previously known as inert gases because of their perceived lack of participation in any chemical reactions .
Jumping can be distinguished from running , galloping , and other gaits where the entire body is temporarily airborne by the relatively long duration of the aerial phase and high angle of initial launch .
It was situated in Wednesfield in Staffordshire , England .
Hitler moved against the SA and its leader , Ernst Röhm , because he saw the independence of the SA and the penchant of its members for street violence as a direct threat to his power .
Mun refers to writing or literature , and do to law .
Culturally , other pulses are sometimes called lentils but are actually beans or peas , e.g. '' black lentils '' -LRB- urad beans -RRB- .
Lorenzo Jules Staelens -LRB- born April 30 , 1964 , in Kortrijk -RRB- is a retired Belgian footballer and a current manager .
Bude is a small seaside resort town in North Cornwall , England , at the mouth of the River Neet -LRB- also known locally as the River Strat -RRB- .
Così fan tutte is one of the three Mozart operas for which Da Ponte wrote the libretto .
Females have a body length of about 9 mm ; males are slightly smaller .
The mayor of Alveringem is Gerard Liefooghe -LRB- Gemeentebelangen -RRB- since 2006 .
Stranraer is a town in the south of Scotland in the west of the region of Dumfries and Galloway and in the county of Wigtownshire .
The 2000 Formula One season was the 51st season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
He was appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010 .
Godesberg is also the name of the steep hill , of volcanic origin , on the top of which are the ruins of the Godesburg , a castle destroyed in 1583 during the Cologne War .
Since 1980 , the chert has been examined by the MÃ 1\/4 nster school , and from 1987 Aberdeen University , who confirmed that the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting .
July 29 -- August 2 & ndash ; a large Crimean Tatar -- Ottoman army which invaded Russia is routed in the battle of Molodi
He is famous for his intensely expressive madrigals , which use a chromatic language not heard again until the 19th century , and also for committing what are amongst the most notorious murders in musical history .
Saint-Folquin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
After the split with the party , he became very critical of the then Prime Minister Janez JanÅ a , whom he accused of being a '' liberal with an authoritative touch , who aspires at becoming a Slovenian PiÅ sudski '' .
When populations of organisms get isolated , the sub-populations will start to differ through genetic drift and natural selection over a period of time , and thereby evolve into new species .
Bernardo Daniel Romeo -LRB- born 10 September 1977 in Tandil , Buenos Aires -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Quilmes in the Argentine Primera División .
A change in central setting or , to a lesser extent , remodeling of the setting .
A damage deposit or deposit is a sum of money paid in relation to a rented item to ensure it is returned in good condition .
Harp -LRB- positive -RRB- link
Besian Idrizaj -LRB- 12 October 1987 â '' 15 May 2010 -RRB- was an Austrian professional football player who last played as a striker for Championship side Swansea City .
VoA is a federal US government department so is restricted from making Special English programs for anything other than VoA 's own use .
In total they have released six studio albums , two live albums , two EPs , and one DVD .
Golovin is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Evelyn discovers that during Ninny 's temporary stay at the nursing home , Ninny 's house was condemned and torn down . Evelyn , having become good friends with Ninny , offers her a room in her home which Ninny accepts .
History The ministry was founded in 1955 as Federal Ministry for Atomic Issues , concentrating on research in the peaceful use of nuclear energy .
Many characters from the show appear on this game such as Prince Zuko , who has a minor role in the game , only appearing in cutscenes ; King Bumi , who appears in the fourth level .
Although some of Murnau 's films have been lost , most still survive .
The Enola Gay is a B-29 Superfortress bomber , named after Enola Gay Tibbets , mother of pilot Paul Tibbets .
Srinagar is the summer capital , and Jammu , its winter capital .
Pattan Kalan is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The lips visibly express emotions such as a smile or frown .
Hurricane Alex was a rare June hurricane and the first tropical cyclone to form in the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season .
Duels and the Roots of Violence in Missouri -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Williams , Jack K. Dueling in the Old South : Vignettes of Social History -LRB- 1980 -RRB- -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Wyatt-Brown , Bertram .
Such arrangements are rare and poorly understood , but represent an interesting alternative construction .
They were used extensively in World War I , World War II , and the Cold War for weapons facilities , command and control centers , and storage facilities -LRB- for example , in the event of nuclear war -RRB- .
Renewable energy is energy which comes from natural resources such as sunlight , wind , rain , tides , and geothermal heat , which are renewable -LRB- naturally replenished -RRB- .
Another distinctive feature of the work is Thucydides ' inclusion of dozens of speeches assigned to the principal figures engaged in the war .
GNU GRUB was developed from a package called the Grand Unified Bootloader -LRB- a play on grand unified theory -RRB- .
Otis Ray Bowen , M.D. -LRB- born February 26 , 1918 -RRB- is a retired U.S. politician and physician . He served as the 44th Governor of Indiana from 1973 to 1981 and as Secretary of Health and Human Services from 1985 to 1989 .
The place bestowed to the English poet Shakespeare is considered akin to that held by KÄ lidÄ sa in Sanskrit literature . His plays and poetry are primarily based on Hindu Puranas and philosophy .
The Bruins missed the playoffs for the first time in Thompson 's career in the 1931 -- 32 season .
She then spent a year teaching at a rural elementary school in Virginia before going to graduate school .
Regardless , he took to the ice , and completed the first period without allowing a goal .
In the 1970s and 1980s , there was a phase of consolidation in the record industry that led to almost all major labels being owned by a very few multinational companies .
1912 & ndash ; Minnie Pearl , American comedian and singer -LRB- d. 1996 -RRB-
The pound was a unit of account in Anglo-Saxon England , equal to 240 silver pennies and equivalent to one pound weight of silver .
External links Sense and Sensibility - Full text with audio and translations .
Ahn Jung-Hwan -LRB- born January 27 , 1976 in Paju , Gyeonggi -RRB- is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Dalian Shide .
Turnhout is a Belgian municipality located in the Flemish province of Antwerp .
Josh Brainard -LRB- # 4 -RRB- Active : 1995 -- 1999 Instruments : guitar Release contributions : Mate .
They are attributed with various -LRB- sometimes conflicting -RRB- abilities , temperaments and appearances depending on the story and country of origin .
John Rodney Mullen -LRB- born August 17 , 1966 in Gainesville , Florida -RRB- , known simply as Rodney Mullen -LRB- aka The Mutt or The King -RRB- , is a professional skateboarder considered by many to be one of the greatest and most influential skaters in the history of the sport .
Further information : Social aspects of clothing and Business attire Male businesspeople typically wear standard business attire consisting of a suit with collar shirt and necktie .
However , the first '' garden apartment '' buildings in the United States , developed in the early 20th century , were five stories high . Some garden apartment buildings place a one-car garage under each apartment .
Martin Wagner -LRB- born February 24 , 1968 in Offenburg -RRB- is a former German football player who is currently running player agency MaWa Consult .
For instance , if there are no or several spaces after the template , like these examples :
Leandro Damián Cufré -LRB- born 9 May 1979 in La Plata -RRB- is an Argentine football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player , currently playing for Dinamo Zagreb .
Common rail , a fuel injection supply system
Brighton , Baltimore , Maryland
It was introduced in 1993 to replace the prior addressing architecture of classful network design in the Internet with the goal to slow the growth of routing tables on routers across the Internet , and to help slow the rapid exhaustion of IPv4 addresses .
Australia , France , Germany and Greece have all hosted the Summer Olympic Games twice .
It is equal to 3 feet or 36 inches , although its length in SI units varied slightly from system to system .
The required ingredients along with their quantities or proportions
He was replaced by Don Costa .
The GPL , BSD , and Artistic licenses are examples of licenses considered free .
Eric Dane as James Madrox / Multiple Man : Multiple Man can split himself into multiple copies .
Neighboring districts are Herford , Minden-L übbecke , Schaumburg , Hameln-Pyrmont , Holzminden , Höxter , Paderborn , Gütersloh , and district-free Bielefeld .
The city is located on an ancient ford on the river Main , the German word for which is '' Furt '' .
It works by counting the frequencies of data into discrete intervals -LRB- bins -RRB- , and then plotting a rectangle erected over each interval , with an area equal to the frequency of the observations in the interval .
Franz Xaver Süssmayr -LRB- German : Süßmayr ; sometimes written in English as Suessmayr ; 1766 -- September 17 , 1803 -RRB- was an Austrian composer , now famous for his completion of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's Requiem .
Between 1993 and 1997 , she became involved in amateur theatre , which she continued with until gaining a role in the film Närkontakt later in 1997 .
Many fish change sex over the course of their lifespan , a phenomenon called sequential hermaphroditism .
Early life Stewart was born and raised in Los Angeles , California .
In '' The Firebending Masters '' Aang learns firebending with the help of the last two dragons .
It is the seat of a separate commune -LRB- gmina -RRB- within PuÅ awy County in Lublin Voivodeship , called Gmina KoÅ skowola .
The Free Software Foundation -LRB- FSF -RRB- is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement , a copyleft-based movement which aims to promote the universal freedom to create , distribute and modify computer software .
Ernst Mayr said '' It can hardly be doubted that -LRB- biology -RRB- has helped to undermine traditional beliefs and value systems '' â '' and Huxley more than anyone else was responsible for this trend in Britain .
She married Richard McDermott in 1978 , and divorced him 10 years later .
The rate has changed twice .
Thomas Morley -LRB- 1557 or 1558 & ndash ; October 1602 -RRB- was an English composer , theorist , editor and organist of the Renaissance , and the foremost member of the English Madrigal School .
Edgewood is located at .
Grimbosq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Following the demise of their previous group Pantera , brothers Dimebag Darrell and Vinnie Paul Abbott wanted to start a new band .
Security is the degree of protection against danger , loss , and criminals .
Baader , the three women , and the masked man fled through a window , and the group soon became known as the Baader-Meinhof Gang .
Biography Tavener was born on 28 January 1944 in Wembley , London , England , and is a direct descendant of the 16th century composer John Taverner .
Schiff , born in Adams , Massachusetts , is a graduate of Phillips Academy preparatory school , and earned her B.A. degree from Williams College in 1982 .
On June 7 , 2009 , he became the host of G4 's Web Soup , a spinoff of E !
For that reason , the Tour organisers asked Merckx not to start in 1973 ; instead he won the Vuelta a Espana , where he beat Luis Ocaña and Bernard Thévenet , and he won the Giro .
Saint-Erblon is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
This example also uses the DC parameter to change link from '' Washington , D.C. '' to '' District of Columbia '' .
It can refer to discrete-time signals that have a discrete number of levels , for example a sampled and quantified analog signal , or to the continuous-time waveform signals in a digital system , representing a bit-stream .
A more stringent definition is agamogenesis which refers to reproduction without the fusion of gametes .
The woman sits on the bed with her legs open , the active partner kneels in front of her .
The Britannica generally prefers British spelling over American ; for example , it uses colour -LRB- not color -RRB- , centre -LRB- not center -RRB- , and encyclopaedia -LRB- not encyclopedia -RRB- .
JosÃ MarÃ a HipÃ lito Figueres Ferrer -LRB- 25 September 1906 -- 8 June 1990 -RRB- , served as President of Costa Rica on three occasions : 1948 -- 1949 , 1953 -- 1958 , and 1970 -- 1974 .
Most also have laterally compressed bodies , ventral scales are much reduced in size , their nostrils are located dorsally -LRB- no internasal scales -RRB- and give birth to live young -LRB- ovoviviparous -RRB- .
A new project called Ultamatix , compatible with Ubuntu 9.04 , is based on Automatix .
He had always loved to write , but it was only then that he realized he had a talent for writing .
The ability to send and receive e-mails from other users -LRB- optional -RRB- .
Ben Shepherd -- bass guitar
LeMond went on to win gold , silver and bronze medals at the 1979 junior world championships in Argentina and amazed spectators with his spectacular victory in the road race .
Gyeongju was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Silla -LRB- 57 BC â '' 935 AD -RRB- which ruled most of the Korean Peninsula between the 7th and 9th centuries .
In 1072 a Benedictine monastery of Grafschaft was founded near the Wilzenberg mountain by Saint Anno II , Archbishop of Cologne .
Bogotá is known for its vibrant night life .
It has also been published in 47 foreign languages .
They tolerate anything from no to several spaces and even a newline after them and they will still only render one space after the dot . If a wrap occurs then the wrap will come after the dot , even if there are spaces before the helper template .
The film was Jared Hess 's first full-length feature and is partially adapted from his earlier short film , Peluca , the first - and currently only - MTV film rated PG -LRB- all prior MTV films had a PG-13 or R rating -RRB- .
Vivoin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Most seeds come from fruits , and the seeds are free of the fruit , unlike nuts like hazelnuts , hickories , chestnuts and acorns , which have a stony fruit wall and originate from a compound ovary .
Hidemaro Watanabe -LRB- born September 24 , 1924 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The original all-steel 4,105-seat North stands were erected in 1958 , and in 1962 and 1968 the upper decks were added to the East and West sides , respectively , bringing capacity to its all-time high of 58,121 .
The celebration of the Games encompasses many rituals and symbols , such as the Olympic flag and torch , as well as the opening and closing ceremonies .
He won silver at Europeans and placed 6th at Worlds .
The population of the region as of the 2001 census was 8,000,550 , making it the most populous English region .
Urban planning or development
Larry Doby -LRB- who broke the color barrier in the American League on July 5 , 1947 -RRB- and Satchel Paige played for the Cleveland Indians , and the Dodgers had three other black players besides Robinson .
Charmes-sur-Rhône is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France .
Ocean Springs is a city in Jackson County , Mississippi , United States , about 2 m east of Biloxi .
At long , it drains about one-sixth of the continental United States .
See also Hydrophobic effect Intramolecular force Molecular solid Polymer Quantum chemistry computer programs Software for molecular mechanics modeling References External links Software for calculation of intermolecular forces Quantum 3.2 SAPT : An ab initio quantumchemical package .
It is part of Azad Jammu and Kashmir , which comes under the protection of Pakistan .
Pohnpei '' upon -LRB- pohn -RRB- a stone altar -LRB- pei -RRB- '' -LRB- formerly known as Ponape -RRB- is the name of one of the four states in the Federated States of Micronesia -LRB- FSM -RRB- , situated among the Senyavin Islands which are part of the larger Caroline Islands group .
,
Joining Anglia Television in 1978 as senior reporter on the regional magazine programme About Anglia , he later became news bulletin editor of Anglia News in 1992 .
Jewell Junction is located at -LRB- 42.307546 , -93.641121 -RRB- .
It preys on birds and shrews on Guam .
The poison glands of the Fire Salamander are concentrated in certain areas of the body , especially around the head and the dorsal skin surface .
The Parliament of Australia , also known as the Commonwealth Parliament or Federal Parliament , is the legislative branch of the government of Australia .
This decay , or loss of energy , results in an atom of one type , called the parent nuclide , transforming to an atom of a different type , named the daughter nuclide .
They often have cranes and forklifts for moving goods , which are usually placed on ISO standard pallets loaded into pallet racks .
The ukulele , -LRB- ; from ; variantly spelled ukelele in the UK -RRB- , sometimes abbreviated to uke , is a chordophone classified as a plucked lute ; it is a subset of the guitar family of instruments , generally with four nylon or gut strings or four courses of strings .
Names with superscript letter H are listed by Robert Hardman , Monarchy : The Royal Family at Work -LRB- Druck : Ebury Press , 2007 -RRB- Names with superscript letter R are listed by William Addams Reitwiesner , '' Persons Eligible to Succeed to the British Throne as of 1 Jan 2001 '' .
Absinthe traditionally has a natural green color but can also be colorless .
On January 8 , 2011 , a mass shooting occurred near Tucson , Arizona . Nineteen people were shot , six of them fatally , with one other person injured at the scene during an open meeting that U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords was holding with members of her constituency in a Casas Adobes Safeway supermarket parking lot .
He also won the first of his seven Cy Young Awards .
The Doors took their name from the title of Aldous Huxley 's The Doors of Perception -LRB- a reference to the '' unlocking '' of '' doors of perception '' through psychedelic drug use -RRB- , Huxley 's own title was a quotation from William Blake 's The Marriage of Heaven and Hell , in which Blake wrote that '' If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is , infinite . ''
Stefan Uro II Milutin of Serbia founds the Banjska monastery .
Newly composed music on new texts was first introduced within the context of existing plainchant .
Gautier wrote about the club in an article entitled '' Le Club des Hachichin '' published in the Revue des Deux Mondes in February 1846 , recounting his recent visit .
After being informed by Tina Watsons family that flowers and gifts were repeatedly being vandalized or disappearing from the grave site , even when chained down , Sergeant Flinn investigated .
Dana Elaine Owens -LRB- born March 18 , 1970 -RRB- better known by her stage name Queen Latifah , is an American rapper , actress and singer .
Sponsored by the organisers of London 's 2012 Olympics bid , it attracted teams such as T-Mobile -LRB- Germany -RRB- and U.S. Postal Service -LRB- USA -RRB- .
He married model and actress Brigitte Nielsen , on December 15 , 1985 , in Beverly Hills , California .
May 19 & ndash ; Martin I succeeds his brother , John I , as King of Aragon -LRB- now north-east Spain -RRB- .
The club finished 2nd in 1997 , and followed this with two back-to-back titles , in seasons 1997-98 and 1998-99 .
The weakening extratropical remnant turned to the east-northeast before being absorbed by another extratropical storm over Atlantic Canada on October 27 .
The term was popularized -LRB- though not first used -RRB- by U.S. President Richard Nixon in a November 3 , 1969 , speech in which he said , '' And so tonightâ '' to you , the great silent majority of my fellow Americansâ '' I ask for your support . ''
Bald , with a fake moustache , Finlayson had many trademark comic mannerisms and is famous for his squinting , outraged , '' double take and fade away '' head reaction , and characteristic expression '' d'ooooooh '' , and as the most famous comic foil of Laurel and Hardy .
It has a population of almost 30 million and area of about 34,513 km A profile of Rajshahi Division .
Cowboy Bebop was popular enough that the movie , ' -LRB- Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door -RRB- , was commissioned and released in Japan in 2001 , and later released in the United States as Cowboy Bebop : The Movie in 2003 .
The peak of his career was during his period as Arsenal and England goalkeeper in the 1990s and early 2000s ; during his time at Arsenal he won many medals including three league championships -LRB- 1991 , 1998 , 2002 -RRB- , four FA Cups -LRB- 1993 , 1998 , 2002 , 2003 -RRB- , the League Cup in 1993 and the European Cup Winners Cup in 1994 .
She originated the role of Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children , winning the 1995 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series .
Reporters Without Borders petitioned the ICANN ombudsman to intervene and reverse this decision .
The 56th quadrennial United States presidential election was held on November 4 , 2008 .
After 1923 the station came under the control of the London & North Eastern Railway until transfer to the London Passenger Transport Board -LRB- LT -RRB- on 14 December 1947 as part of the extension of the Central Line services of the London Underground .
Son Kiefer Sutherland , a successful actor best-known for his role as Jack Bauer on the TV action\/thriller series 24 , and his twin sister , Rachel , were born to Donald Sutherland and his second wife , Shirley Douglas , daughter of Tommy Douglas .
.
However , he also completed his third and fourth operas Rienzi and The Flying Dutchman during this stay .
It extended along the whole length of the canal , from Eastham in the west to Manchester in the east , absorbing the Port of Runcorn , which had been created in 1862 .
This is a list of people from the state of Tennessee .
September -- December & ndash ; Goethe undertakes his Italian Journey -LRB- published in 1817 -RRB- .
Philippe Charles Lucien Christanval -LRB- born 31 August 1978 in Paris -RRB- is a retired French footballer of Guadeloupian origin who most recently played for Fulham as a center back .
The Immortality-test variation of the Turing test would determine if a person 's essential character is reproduced with enough fidelity to make it impossible to distinguish a reproduction of a person from the original person . The Total Turing test variation of the Turing test adds two further requirements to the traditional Turing test .
He was succeeded by his stepson and son-in-law , Tiberius .
If we go further back into history , there is a similar image from the Knossos palace , datable to the 15th century BC .
Of the cart types not animal-drawn , perhaps the most common example today is the shopping cart -LRB- British English : shopping trolley -RRB- , which has also come to have a metaphorical meaning in relation to online purchases -LRB- here , British English uses the metaphor of the shopping basket -RRB- .
In Sunni and Shia view , having Iman literally means to have belief in Six articles .
Maldonado drove for the Rapax Team in the 2010 GP2 Series season alongside Luiz Razia .
Christopher Columbus gave Montserrat its name on his second voyage to the New World in 1493 , after Montserrat mountain located in Catalonia .
The winner receives the Kenesaw Mountain Landis Memorial Baseball Award , which is named in honor of the first MLB commissioner , who served from 1920 to 1944 .
The film was moderately successful and received mixed reviews from critics .
On June 20 , 2006 , Xbox.com reported that more than a half-billion games of Halo 2 have been played on Xbox Live since its debut .
In Korea they are boiled and seasoned to make a popular snack food known as beondegi .
By July 23 , Cristobal had transitioned into an extratropical cyclone .
A detective is an investigator , either a member of a police agency or a private person .
1960 & ndash ; Senegal breaks from the Mali federation , declaring its independence .
The introduction of Buddhism has marked a change in Japanese society .
Originally discovered in 1900 , it was isolated by hydrolysis of yeast nuclein that was found in bovine thymus and spleen , herring sperm , and wheat germ .
Saint-Gatien-des-Bois is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
French presses are more portable and self contained than other coffee makers .
The typically saltless Tuscan bread , obtained with natural levain frequently features in Florentine courses , especially in its famous soups , ribollita and pappa al pomodoro , or in the salad of bread and fresh vegetables called panzanella that is served in summer .
The word '' Thelema '' itself is the English transliteration of the Koine Greek noun Î Î Î '' Î Î 1\/4 Î : '' will '' , from the verb Î Î Î '' Ï : to will , wish , purpose .
Alive III is a live album released by the American hard rock band Kiss in 1993 , and certified gold in 1994 .
Occasionally , he and Garfunkel did reunite , such as in 1975 for their Top Ten single '' My Little Town '' , which Simon originally wrote for Garfunkel , claiming Garfunkel 's solo output was lacking '' bite . '' The song was included on their respective solo albums ; Paul Simon 's Still Crazy After All These Years , and Garfunkel 's Breakaway .
As of 2006 , there were 40 panda reserves in China , compared to just 13 reserves two decades ago .
In at least one case , a plane was hijacked by the official pilot .
Discovery of commercial potential Charles Marie de La Condamine is credited with introducing samples of rubber to the Académie Royale des Sciences of France in 1736 .
Hockey is any of a family of sports in which two teams play against each other by trying to maneuver a ball , or a hard , round , rubber or heavy plastic disc called a puck , into the opponent 's net or goal , using a hockey stick .
Additionally , it has greatly influenced several people in the hard rock and heavy metal community , including members of Guns N ' Roses and Metallica .
He was the chef at Delmonico 's until his retirement in 1896 , except for a short hiatus from 1876 and 1879 when he owned the '' Hotel American '' at Enghien-les-Bains .
Ilium is a more poetic term : Turkish : Truva and Troia -RRB- was a city , both factual and legendary , located in northwest Anatolia in what is now Turkey , southeast of the Dardanelles and beside Mount Ida .
Listen to the arpeggio Hours and frequency of operation On weekdays and Saturday , subway service runs from approximately 6:00 am to 1:30 am , but Sunday service begins at 9:00 am .
British occupation lasted until November 25 , 1783 , when George Washington returned to Manhattan , as the last British forces left the city .
The capital is Bluefields .
Some 200 Central African Republic soldiers mutinied in Bangui in May 1996 , demanding back pay and the resignation of President Ange-F Ã lix PatassÃ .
In some parts of California , eucalypt forests are being removed and native trees and plants restored .
Hurricane Nora was the first Pacific hurricane to bring gale-force winds to the Continental United States since Kathleen in 1976 .
Così fan tutte , ossia La scuola degli amanti -LRB- Thus Do They All , or The School For Lovers -RRB- K. 588 , is an opera buffa by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
The US survey foot and survey mile have been maintained as separate units for surveying purposes .
Sabine Bergmann-Pohl née Schulz -LRB- born 20 April 1946 -RRB- is a German politician .
Bambi , a young roe deer , is the main character in Felix Salten 's Bambi , A Life in the Woods and in the Disney films based on the book .
The universe seems to have much more matter than antimatter , an asymmetry possibly related to the observations of CP violation .
The male tribes La Mina and Viveros finished second and third , and Casaya headed to Tribal Council .
Dameli is a language spoken by approximately 5,000 people in the Domel Valley , in the Chitral District of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The game 's popularity has resulted in a novel and manga series based upon it and an international version called Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix , released in March 2007 .
In July 2007 , the Bank of Ghana embarked on a currency re-denomination exercise , from the Cedi -LRB- â -RRB- to the new currency , the Ghana Cedi -LRB- GHâ -RRB- . The transfer rate is 1 Ghana Cedi for every 10,000 Cedis .
In 1982 he moved to Australia , where he eventually found work as a carpenter -LRB- he also became an Australian citizen -RRB- .
Abercrombie -LRB- Gaelic : Obar Chrombaidh -RRB- is a small village in Fife , situated around 1 mile to the north of the village of St Monans , and 10 miles south of the town of St Andrews .
The Jennings Trophy was donated by the NHL 's board of governors and first presented at the conclusion of the 1981 â '' 82 season .
Please take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to this encyclopedia .
The Porsche Museum is an automotive museum in the Zuffenhausen district of Stuttgart , Germany on the site of carmaker Porsche .
Thee Michelle Gun Elephant -LRB- often abbreviated to TMGE -RRB- was a Japanese punk band .
Kalnciems is a village in the Jelgava municipality of Latvia . It had town rights from 1991 to 2010 .
He emigrated to New York City in 1837 after becoming the American representative of the Rothschild family 's banking house in Frankfurt .
S\/2006 S 3 is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 21,076.3 Mm in 1142.366 days , at an inclination of 150.8 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 128.8 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.4710 .
Marconne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The ZIP file format permits a number of compression algorithms .
Fitzgerald 's song selections ranged from standards to rarities and represented an attempt by Fitzgerald to cross over into a non-jazz audience .
It is a measure of the independent stature of a summit ; compare topographic profile .
.
He was one of the most famous conductors of the 19th century , and his activity was critical for establishing the successes of several major composers of the time , including Richard Wagner .
Blessed be the God and Father , The Wilderness and Ascribe unto the Lord are of considerable length , as is his Service in E/O. The popular short anthem Lead me Lord is an extract from Praise the Lord , O my soul .
Recently Tatsu has been teaming with David Hart Smith on Superstars beating the team of Primo and Zack Ryder .
The tropics include all the areas on the Earth where the sun reaches a point directly overhead and a point directly underneath at least once during the solar year .
He is accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity .
The English country house is generally accepted as a large house or mansion , once in the ownership of an individual who also usually owned another great house in town allowing one to spend time in the country and in the city .
Le Désert is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Faisal Mosque in Islamabad is the largest mosque in Pakistan and South Asia and the sixth largest mosque in the world .
She originated the role of Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children , winning the 1995 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series .
In the ancient world , the chair was the symbol of a teacher and thus of the bishop 's role as teacher , and also of an official presiding as a magistrate and thus of the bishop 's role in governing a diocese .
From this location the explorers Hume and Hovell first saw Port Phillip Bay on 14 December 1824 .
Cheech Marin as Ignacio Alonzo Julio Federico de Tito : A tiny Chihuahua with anger issues .
It provides a two - to three-page summary of the demographics , geography , communications , government , economy , and military of 266 U.S.-recognized countries , dependencies , and other areas in the world .
Kashima Antlers and Shimizu S-Pulse were exempted from the group stage because they participated in the AFC Champions League .
Life Genet 's mother was a young prostitute who raised him for the first year of his life before putting him up for adoption .
Neighboring municipalities include Brasschaat to the north , Brecht to the north east , Schilde to the east , and Wijnegem to the south .
The Cuba national football team is the national team of Cuba and is controlled by the AsociaciÃ n de FÃ tbol de Cuba .
He thinks humans are cruel since he was abandoned by his original owners , and at first does not agree to help Shadow , Sassy , and Chance because they are '' pets '' .
V leni River -LRB- Mure -RRB- - tributary of the Mure River
David '' Honeyboy '' Edwards -LRB- born June 28 1915 , Shaw , Mississippi , United StatesEdwards biographical page at allaboutjazz.com - accessed February 2008 -RRB- is a Grammy Award-winning Delta blues guitarist and singer from the American South .
He was brought to America the next year by Vladimir Rosing to teach in Eastman School of Music and was involved in directing opera and theatre .
In Georgia , some parts of Atlanta Motor Speedway and Tara Field airport in Hampton , Georgia suffered US$ 40 million damage from an F2 tornado spawned by the storm .
Enrico Fermi -LRB- 29 September 1901 -- 28 November 1954 -RRB- was an Italian-American physicist particularly known for his work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , Chicago Pile-1 , and for his contributions to the development of quantum theory , nuclear and particle physics , and statistical mechanics .
At UFC 58 , St-Pierre defeated former UFC welterweight champion B.J. Penn to become the number-one contender for the UFC welterweight title .
Brisingr was released in the United States , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Singapore , and the United Kingdom on September 20 , 2008 , though it was originally supposed to be released on September 23 , 2008 .
Date of birth =
The New York Jets are a professional Football team based in East Rutherford , New Jersey , representing the New York metropolitan area .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :7403
It was the most distinctive color of British officers ' uniforms until the introduction of khaki camouflage , and remains in use for the colours -LRB- flag -RRB- .
Natasha Bedingfield - '' The Scientist '' -LRB- originally by Coldplay -RRB-
He is highly regarded for his realistic depictions of rural life and his command of American colloquial speech .
Lahore District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan , that contains the city of Lahore - the district and provincial capital .
The movie demanded 120 terabytes of data to complete , with one explosion scene alone requiring 6 TB .
Marcus Christian AllbÃ ck -LRB- ; born 5 July 1973 in Gothenburg -RRB- , is a Swedish former footballer and coach , who currently is acting assistant coach for the Swedish national football team .
The plot of the film is set in the twenty-third century , when a mysterious and immensely powerful alien cloud called V ` Ger approaches the Earth , destroying everything in its path .
Fans queued overnight for a seat in the stadium , and the capacity was reached more than two hours before kick-off .
Saint-Denis-du-Maine is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
A witch hunt is a search for witches or evidence of witchcraft , often involving moral panic , mass hysteria and mob lynching , but in historical instances also legally sanctioned and involving official witchcraft trials .
Uzun Hassan wins in Persia and defeats Abu Sa'id .
Apple Introduces iWork ’08 Although iWork is billed by Apple as '' a successor to AppleWorks '' , Apple press release Apple Unveils iWork '05 it does not replicate the functionality of AppleWorks 's database and drawing tools .
In 1368 the village of Gerresheim located around the religious house was made a city with city rights by the Count of Berg .
Emmetsburg is a city in Palo Alto County , Iowa , United States .
Cocaine also may cause an unborn baby to have a stroke , irreversible brain damage , or a heart attack .
Bee Cave is a city in Travis County , Texas , United States .
The population was 27,740 at the 2000 census .
The Turbostar was the first new train type to be introduced after the privatisation of British Rail , and is the most common type of diesel multiple unit -LRB- its electrical variant , the Electrostar , is in turn the most common electric multiple unit -RRB- .
The harder forms , such as anthracite coal , can be regarded as metamorphic rock because of later exposure to elevated temperature and pressure .
His father held various jobs , and his mother was a nurse .
Simply click on '' Order book from PediaPress '' on the Special : Book page .
The letters in the New Testament from Apostles to Christians are usually referred to as epistles . Those traditionally attributed to Paul are known as Pauline epistles and the others as catholic -LRB- i.e. , '' general '' -RRB- epistles .
On 1968 , Polanski married Tate in London .
Marcionism is an Early Christian dualist belief system that originated in the teachings of Marcion of Sinope at Rome around the year 144 ; -LRB- 115 years and 6 months from the Crucifixion , according to Tertullian 's reckoning in Adversus Marcionem , xv -RRB- see also Christianity in the 2nd century .
In the 1950 Presidential election , Kekkonen was chosen as the candidate of the Agrarian Party and conducted a vigorous campaign against the incumbent President Juho Kusti Paasikivi .
It is located in Gol valley and Kafir Kalash land of Chitral District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan beside the Chitral River , at a distance of two hours drive from Chitral city .
Heart 's next album , Bad Animals -LRB- # 2 , 1987 -RRB- , continued the power ballad theme that defined much of 80 's pop .
The sly Musetta has the entire bill charged to Alcindoro .
She received a Juris Doctor degree from Yale in 1973 , having stayed on an extra year in order to be with Clinton .
With multiple cameos in music videos , television shows , and films , he may be best known for his roles in There 's Something About Mary , Meet the Parents , Zoolander , Tropic Thunder and Night at the Museum .
The island of Santa Maria -LRB- , '' Saint Mary '' -RRB- is an island located in the southeastern part of the Azores and is the southernmost island in the Azores Islands .
Although as many of the examples as possible are novel or extracted from Inuktitut texts , some of the examples in this article are drawn from Introductory Inuktitut and Inuktitut Linguistics for Technocrats .
On December 13 , 1974 -LRB- Republic Day -RRB- it finally became a republic within the Commonwealth , with the President as head of state .
This version of unitarianism is more commonly called Nontrinitarianism , rather than Unitarianism .
-LRB- -LCB- -LCB- # ifeq : yes -LCB- -LCB- # ifexpr : -LRB- \/O/ 2.54 round -RRB- mod12 !
Ricciardo moved to the British Formula Three Championship for the 2009 season driving for Carlin Motorsport .
Yuji Hironaga -LRB- born 25 July 1975 -RRB- is a retired Japanese football player .
The items often have to be physically stamped at approved government offices following payment of the duty , although methods involving annual payment of a fixed sum or purchase of adhesive stamps are more practical and common .
The Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways , commonly called the Interstate Highway System or Interstate Freeway System , and colloquially abbreviated '' the Interstate '' , is a network of limited-access roadways -LRB- also called freeways or expressways -RRB- in the United States . It is named for President Dwight D. Eisenhower , who championed its formation .
A wooden yoke is fastened about the neck of each pair so that the force of draft is distributed across their shoulders .
His earliest dated drawing is a Landscape of the Arno Valley , 1473 , which shows the river , the mountains , Montelupo Castle and the farmlands beyond it in great detail .
See Introduction to World Classics edition of Belinda , page xxvii , written by Kathryn Kirkpatrick : '' In the 1810 edition of her novel Edgeworth effectively rewrote her representation of romantic relationships between English women and West Indian men , both Creole and African .
On several occasions he visited the studio of the Flemish painter and sculptor Achilles Moortgat .
Originally Gabriel Téllez , he was born in Madrid .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- -LRB- known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE -RRB- and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
Originally based at Camden Mews , the studio moved to larger premises in Kings Cross in 2000 .
Nemerteans range in size from to over long in the case of the European Lineus longissimus , with most species being or less .
In 2000 , Hexadecimal Luthor became President of the Loonited States .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars -LRB-/O1978/O-RRB- and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple -LRB-/O1994/O-RRB- .
Louis Antoine Jullien -LRB- 23 April 1812 - 14 March 1860 -RRB- was a French conductor and composer of light music .
It includes the basic theory of Chinese materia medica , '' crude medicine , '' '' prepared drug in slices '' -LRB- -RRB- and traditional Chinese patent medicines and simple preparations ' source , collection and preparation , performance , efficacy , and clinical applications .
There are several health problems associated with Newfoundlands .
True conches grow a flared lip on their shells only upon reaching sexual maturity .
No one can possibly know for sure , but one idea that some scientists have -LRB- called a '' theory '' -RRB- is that the Earth was formed from a flat circle of gas and dust around 4.55 billion years ago , and that gravity -LRB- the force that holds everything together -RRB- pulled the gas into a bigger and bigger ball of molten rock that cooled down very slowly over millions of years .
pushpin_map = Romania
The angle of the slats may be adjustable , usual in blinds and windows , or fixed .
Thomas Jacob '' Jack '' Black -LRB- born August 28 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , and musician .
On June 16 , 1977 , he was killed in a car accident not far from Kewanee , Illinois -LRB- on the Interstate 80 -RRB- .
If Alice and Bob wish to exchange encrypted messages , each must be equipped to decrypt received messages and to encrypt messages to be sent .
Nicosia is the seat of the University of Cyprus -LRB- UCY -RRB- and four other universities .
June 25 1952 : Joey Maxim vs. Sugar Ray Robinson The most famous fight of Maxim 's career was on June 25 , 1952 , when he made his second defense of his light heavyweight crown , against Sugar Ray Robinson at Yankee Stadium .
He was elected to Sejm twiceâ '' on September 25 , 2005 getting 26,275 votes in 6 Lublin district , running on the Platforma Obywatelska -LRB- PO -RRB- list and in 2007 getting 44,186 votes .
Iroh -LRB- also known as The Dragon of the West , and most commonly referred to as '' Uncle '' -RRB- is a fictional character in Nickelodeon 's animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Disk partitioning is the act of dividing a hard disk drive into multiple logical storage units referred to as partitions , to treat one physical disk drive as if it were multiple disks .
district-free cities Dortmund , Bochum , Herne , Essen , Gelsenkirchen and Bottrop , and the district Wesel .
Munich U-Bahn uses three different generations of electric multiple unit trains .
Fireworks -LRB- devices -RRB- take many forms to produce the four primary effects : noise , light , smoke , and floating materials -LRB- confetti for example -RRB- .
He then invites Tom to employ him as a servant and go with him to London to sort out his inheritance .
A recipe is a set of instructions that describe how to prepare or make something , especially a culinary dish .
Axles are an integral component of a wheeled vehicle .
The term Vampirate refers to a vampire living on the pirate ship , the Nocturne The year is 2512 .
In 1920 , Adolf Hitler had just begun his political career as the leader of the tiny and as-yet-unknown German Workers Party -LRB- soon renamed the National Socialist German Workers Party , NSDAP -RRB- in Munich .
The article remains open to editing , but courteous users should leave it alone until you 're done .
de Chiapas
Tenenkou Cercle
Inverbervie is a small town on the north-east coast of Scotland , south of Stonehaven , in the Aberdeenshire council area .
CsupÃ noted that the two main characters are a little bit older in the film than they are in the book .
The capital was moved in 1997 from Almaty , Kazakhstan 's largest city , to Astana .
There are currently 74 species -LRB- with more expected -RRB- spread all over the northern hemisphere - Europe , Asia , the northern tip of Africa and North America .
The San Diego Chargers are an American Professional Football team based in San Diego , California .
All of Uranus ' moons are named after characters created by William Shakespeare or Alexander Pope .
The first popular editions were released in 1883 â '' a cheap sixpenny series published by Routledge .
Pierce Brendan Brosnan , OBE -LRB- 16 May 1953 -RRB- is an Irish actor , film producer and environmentalist who holds Irish and American citizenship . After leaving school at 16 , Brosnan began training in commercial illustration , but trained at the Drama Centre in London for three years .
In 1706 , during the siege of Turin by French forces under the command of her half-brother Philippe d'Orl Ã ans , and by the Spanish forces of her cousin King Philip V , she and her sons , Victor Amadeus and Carlo Emanuele , were forced to flee the city .
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates .
Saint-Algis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The ChÃ cents teau d'Usson is one of the so-called Cathar castles in what is now southwestern France .
however , Gimnasia is still often greeted by its fans with a resounding '' Tripa corazÃ n ! ''
Mansell 's tyre blew in spectacular fashion and Piquet , in the lead at the time of the incident , was brought in for an unscheduled pit stop soon afterward by Williams to prevent the same happening to his tyres .
This phrase and that on the communion of saints are articles found in the Apostles ' Creed , but not in the Old Roman Symbol nor in the Nicene Creed .
It is also shown in the United States on the Travel Channel , on the W Channel in Australia and Canada , TV4 Plus in Sweden , FEM in Norway , TV ONE and Vibe in New Zealand , Sub in Finland , Stöð 2 in Iceland and Star World in Asia .
In the most common form , binary digits are used -LRB- bits -RRB- , and the keystream is combined with the plaintext using the exclusive or operation -LRB- XOR -RRB- .
In vitro meat , also known as cultured meat , is animal flesh that has never been part of a complete , living animal . Several research projects are currently experimentally growing in vitro meat , but no meat has yet been produced for public consumption .
Immediately following the murder , the body of the murdered king slipped from the saddle of his horse and was dragged with one foot in the stirrup until it fell into a stream at the base of the hill upon which Corfe Castle stands -LRB- the stream was found thereafter to have healing properties - particularly for the blind -RRB- .
It provides cross-platform backup functionality to a large variety of Windows , UNIX and Linux operating systems .
They sometimes allow dancing and usually serve achoholic beverages .
In low concentrations , it has public health uses .
Their aforementioned bioluminescent '' fireworks '' are combined with the writhing of glowing arms , erratic movements and escape trajectories , making it difficult for a predator to home in .
The Soviet Union was founded in December 1922 when the Russian SFSR , which formed during the Russian Revolution of 1917 and emerged victorious in the ensuing Russian Civil War , unified with the Transcaucasian , Ukrainian and Belorussian SSRs .
Earth 's crust occupies less than 1 % of Earth 's volume .
After last season 's winner , Owen -LRB- Scott McCord -RRB- , forgoes his prize money of C$ 100,000 for a challenge -LRB- open to all 22 of Total Drama Island contestants -RRB- in which the winner would receive C$ 1,000,000 , the money was left in limbo after a situation resulted in a 14-way tie .
Gould , Grand Old Party
Thomas was the winner of the 2009 Vezina Trophy as the league 's best goaltender and played for Team USA in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Hand orientation is developed in fetuses , most commonly determined by observing which hand is predominantly held close to the mouth .
bar :1861 at :7403 fontsize : XS text : 7403 shift : -LRB- -8,5 -RRB-
The first goal of the stadium was scored by Flamengo 's Arnaldo .
September 12 & ndash ; Battle of Vienna : The Ottoman siege of the city is broken with the arrival of a force of 70,000 Polish , Austrians and Germans under Polish-Lithuanian king Jan III Sobieski , whose cavalry turns their flank -LRB- considered to be the turning point in the Ottoman Empire 's fortunes -RRB- .
Isabella I -LRB- -RRB- , also Isabel I or Zabel I , -LRB- 27 January 1216 \/O/ 25 January 1217 -- Ked , 23 January 1252 -RRB- was the queen regnant of Cilician Armenia -LRB- 1219-1252 -RRB- .
Soussans is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Nigel Ernest James Mansell OBE -LRB- born 8 August , 1953 in Upton-upon-Severn , Worcestershire -RRB- is a British racing driver from England who won both the Formula One World Championship -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and CART World Series -LRB- 1993 -RRB- .
The Grand Olympic Auditorium is the former name of a sports venue in Los Angeles , California , United States .
Islamic traditions assert that the Kaaba '' reflects '' a house in heaven called al-Baytu l-Ma mur -LRB- -RRB- and that it was first built by the first man , Adam and is believed that it is the first building ever built on earth .
Bäcker was arrested on 2 February 1971 .
After succeeding with the multi-park , multi-hotel business model at Walt Disney World in Florida , Disney decided to apply the same business model in Anaheim and acquired large parcels of land adjacent to Disneyland .
Baptista is often nicknamed '' The Beast '' due to his physique .
More expensive harnesses are not necessarily better . Different body types and activities require different types of harnesses , despite the price range .
In nature , it can be found as the pure element and as sulfide and sulfate minerals .
In May 1940 Britain invaded Iceland . British discontent over the Norwegian campaign led to the replacement of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain by Winston Churchill on 10 May 1940 .
Description Narvi is about 6.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,371,000 km in 1006.541 days , at an inclination of 137 ° to the ecliptic -LRB- 109 ° to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.320 .
She attended Franklin High School , then took classes at Franklin College to obtain a teaching certificate . Parker taught at a two-room schoolhouse in Smithland for several years , until she married her next door neighbor , Earl Parker , on 12 April 1913 .
The 1960 Formula One season featured the eleventh FIA World Championship of Drivers FIA Yearbook , 1974 page 119 , the third International Cup for F1 Manufacturers FIA Yearbook , 1974 page 121 and numerous non-championship Formula One races .
Its programs are primarily from MBC 's flagship AM station DZRH .
Year 1452 -LRB- MCDLII -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
The Atlanta Thrashers are a professional ice hockey team based in Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
Situated in the department of El Petén , the site is part of Guatemala 's Tikal National Park and in 1979 it was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Featured in the compilation are the original arcade versions of Cutie Q , Dig Dug , Galaxian , Gaplus , Mappy , Pac & Pal , Pac-Mania , Super Pac-Man and Xevious .
The title might be translated as '' Summer has come in '' or '' Summer has arrived '' .
His family home still stands at 440 Osgood Street in North Andover , near North Andover High School .
A grove is a small group of trees with minimal or no undergrowth , such as a sequoia grove , or a small orchard planted for the cultivation of fruits or nuts .
Some folklorists prefer to use the German term MÃ rchen or '' wonder tale '' to refer to the genre , a practice given weight by the definition of Thompson in his 1977 edition of The Folktale : '' a tale of some length involving a succession of motifs or episodes .
Kimonos made of fabrics such as cotton and polyester generally reflect a more casual style .
The supercharger , when used , generates large amounts of waste-heat that warm up their bodies so rapidly they effectively '' cook themselves '' and will die after using it if they do not immediately return to the water to cool off .
WrestleMania XXVII was the twenty-seventh annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , held on April 3 , 2011 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta , Georgia .
It was the most intense Atlantic hurricane since Hurricane Wilma of 2005 , tying for seventh overall .
Noted bands who at least at some point sported a Visual Kei theme include Dir en gray , Luna Sea and Malice Mizer .
As a result of Cena 's win , he began a feud with John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield and his Cabinet .
Under O'Neill , Bouma begun to flourish during the 2006 -- 07 season -- he established himself as first choice left back and went onto total 28 appearances in the claret and blue shirt .
The Brotherhood 's first charge is ineffective , and the first wave of mutants are hit with the cure cartridges and overpowered : Magneto initially tries to magnetically destroy the weapons , but fails since the guns are plastic instead of metal .
Other nations had different definitions of the nautical mile , but it is now internationally defined to be exactly 1,852 metres .
The first recorded shipment of chocolate to Europe for commercial purposes was in a shipment from Veracruz to Sevilla in 1585 .
In the fifth and sixth centuries , they became divided as the Visigoths and the Ostrogoths , they established powerful successor-states of the Roman Empire in the Iberian peninsula and Italy .
Stone Temple Pilots , often abbreviated to STP , is an American rock band from San Diego , California that consists of Scott Weiland -LRB- lead vocals -RRB- , brothers Robert DeLeo -LRB- bass guitar , vocals -RRB- and Dean DeLeo -LRB- guitar -RRB- , and Eric Kretz -LRB- drums , percussion -RRB- .
The shear stress at a point within a shaft is : where : r is the distance from the center of rotation Note that the highest shear stress is at the point where the radius is maximum , the surface of the shaft .
For example , Armenians who originate from Iran are referred to as Parskahay -LRB- Õ Õ Ö Õ 1\/2 Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ -RRB- , while Armenians from Lebanon are usually referred to as Lipananahay -LRB- Ô 1\/4 Õ '' Õ cents Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ -RRB- . Armenians of the Diaspora are the primary speakers of the Western dialect of the Armenian language .
Chassis of an armored fighting vehicle
Because of their reckless behavior , Charizard are known to unintentionally cause wildfires .
In 1613 , Henry Crout , whilst sailing up Dildo Arm , came in contact with the Beothuks , who were residing on Dildo Island at this time .
W47NV -LRB- now known as WSM-FM -RRB- begins operations in Nashville , Tennessee becoming the first FM radio station in the
He is perhaps best known internationally for his current role as the frontman and songwriter of Gorillaz , whose first two studio albums had sold more than 20 million copies combined by 2007 .
New Port Richey is a city in Pasco County , Florida , United States .
It is located in Baltistan , in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan , and runs through part of the Karakoram mountain range .
Many Etruscan beliefs , customs and divinities became part of Roman culture , including the Roman pantheon .
m = frac -LCB- Delta f -LRB- x -RRB- -RCB- -LCB- Delta x -RCB- = frac -LCB- f -LRB- x + h -RRB- - f -LRB- x -RRB- -RCB- -LCB- h -RCB- .
After Phoenix won the first pinfall , Candice failed to execute a move correctly from the top rope , causing her to fall on her neck , shoulder and face .
It is the seat of a separate commune -LRB- gmina -RRB- within Pu awy County in Lublin Voivodeship , called Gmina Ko skowola .
Electronic Gaming Monthly -LRB- often abbreviated to EGM -RRB- is an American video game magazine being re-launched by EGM Media , LLC .
Elizabeth c. 7 Aug. 1282 5 May 1316 She married -LRB- 1 -RRB- in 1297 John I , Count of Holland , -LRB- 2 -RRB- in 1302 Humphrey de Bohun , Earl of Hereford .
Of the two F1 hybrids between these two species , a mule is easier to obtain than a hinny -LRB- the offspring of a male horse and a female donkey -RRB- .
Humus can be differentiated from decomposing organic matter in that the latter is rough-looking material , with coarse plant remains still visible , whereas fully humified organic matter is uniform in appearance -LRB- a dark , spongy , jelly-like substance -RRB- and amorphous in structure , and may remain such for millennia or more .
The war began on 25 June 1950 and an armistice was signed on 27 July 1953 .
Property damage from Charley in the United States was estimated by the NHC to be $ 15.0 billion -LRB- 2004 USD -RRB- .
A militia that had been raised as a private army defeated an attack on the federal Springfield Armory by the main Shaysite force on February 3 , 1787 , and four rebels were killed in the action .
Boyz II Men is a Grammy Award-winning American boy band from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
In medicine , an adverse effect is a harmful and undesired effect resulting from a medication or other intervention such as surgery .
Middlesbrough is a large town situated on the south bank of the River Tees in North East England , that sits within the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire . The local authority is Middlesbrough Borough Council .
Nolberto Albino '' Nobby '' Solano Todco -LRB- born 12 December 1974 in Callao , Peru -RRB- is a Peruvian football player , who currently plays for Championship side Hull City .
Butcher 's impressive performances for Ipswich were noticed by England manager Ron Greenwood who gave him his debut in a friendly against Australia in 1980 .
Mauro Ramos , full name Mauro Ramos de Oliveira , -LRB- August 30 , 1930 in Poços de Caldas -- September 18 , 2002 -RRB- was a Brazilian football player .
The strings alone , however , produce only a faint sound because they displace only a small volume of air as they vibrate .
With much of its present architecture dating from Norman times , it became a cathedral in 1877 , and is the second longest cathedral in the United Kingdom .
Marchais is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Don Adams -LRB- April 13 , 1923 -- September 25 , 2005 -RRB- was an American actor , comedian and director . In his five decades on television , he was best known as Maxwell Smart -LRB- Agent 86 -RRB- in the TV situation comedy Get Smart -LRB- 1965 â '' 1970 , 1995 -RRB- , which he also sometimes directed and wrote .
1989 & ndash ; U.S. Congressman Mickey Leland -LRB- D-TX -RRB- and 15 others die in a plane crash in Ethiopia .
Sydney was incorporated in 1904 and dissolved on August 1 , 1995 when it was merged into the regional municipality .
Two other corresponding demons appear as well : Ardat lili , who visits men by night and begets ghostly children from them , and Irdu lili , who is known as a male counterpart to Ardat lili and visits women by night and begets from them .
Worldwide , breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer in women .
These include the problem of evil , the argument from inconsistent revelations , and the argument from nonbelief .
Examples of the latter include the conservative Politically Incorrect Guides published by the Regnery editorial house and the television talk show Politically Incorrect .
Jean-Pierre Papin -LRB- born November 5 , 1963 in Boulogne-sur-Mer -RRB- is a former French professional football player who was European Footballer of the Year in 1991 .
Back home in his native Bordeaux , he took up sculpture , and Rodolphe Bresdin instructed him in etching and lithography .
The Royal Antigua and Barbuda Defense Force has 285 members ; within it , 200 12-to-18-year-old youngsters make up the Antigua and Barbuda Cadet Corps .
The band 's characteristic costumes are generally made of foam latex , styrofoam , and hardened rubber .
Organic matter -LRB- or organic material -RRB- is matter that has come from a once-living organism ; is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds . The definition of organic matter varies upon the subject for which it is being used .
Earlier theories -LRB- e.g. , by Alfred Wegener and Alexander du Toit -RRB- of continental drift were that continents '' plowed '' through the sea .
Erasmo of Narni , Italian mercenary -LRB- d. 1443 -RRB-
There are five language departments , which are often referred to as '' majors '' : English , French , German , Chinese , and Japanese .
Loire-Atlantique is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Geysers are temporary geological features .
Bradford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
The majority of these spawn gametes , breeding in mass spawning events that are controlled by the rising sea temperatures of spring and summer , the lunar cycle , and the diurnal cycle .
The President of Romania has the right to name the Prime Minister at his discretion after consulting the political parties in the Parliament and if his proposals are turned down by the Parliament two times in 60 days , except for the last 6 months of neither the first or second term , the President can dissolve the Parliament and call for early elections .
While this definition encompasses many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode , the term in its stricter sense is usually limited to the natural minor , harmonic minor , and melodic minor scales , described below , which are in most common use in Western classical music -LRB- see major and minor -RRB- .
Within Vaishnavism and a number of South Indian , Hindu traditions Balarama is worshipped as an avatar of Vishnu , and he is also listed as such in the Bhagavata Purana .
An IRCd , short for Internet Relay Chat daemon , is server software that implements the IRC protocol , enabling people to talk to each other via the Internet -LRB- exchanging textual messages in real time -RRB- .
In Tolkien 's Middle-earth , mithril is extremely rare by the end of the Third Age , as it was now found only in Khazad-d Ã '' m/O. Once the Balrog destroyed the kingdom of the Dwarves at Khazad-d Ã '' m , the only source of new mithril ore was cut off .
The lower house is the Chamber of Deputies -LRB- Cámara de Diputados -RRB- with 178 members , elected for a four year term by proportional representation in accordance to each province , as follows : one deputy is elected for every 50,000 inhabitants plus fraction exceeding 25,000 , but never less than two .
May Continuous riots in Rome induce Pope Gregory XI to move temporarily back to Avignon .
This demand precipitated a crisis in relations between Egypt and Hatti when Ramesses denied any knowledge of Mursili 's whereabouts in his country , and the two Empires came dangerously close to war .
The Potter Park Zoo 's Feline and Primate Building houses two Amur -LRB- Siberian -RRB- tigers , African lions , snow leopards , lemurs , mandrills , and endangered tamarin monkeys .
All three species have the ability to emit a loud squeak if irritated .
Whedon developed the concept for the show after reading The Killer Angels , a novel chronicling the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War .
The idea of the phenotype has been generalized by Richard Dawkins in The Extended Phenotype to mean all the effects a gene has on the outside world that may influence its chances of being replicated .
Instead of having each player be an identical Spartan as in previous Halo games , the first player plays as Master Chief , the second player plays as the Arbiter and the other two players control two other Elites ; N'tho ` Sraom and Usze ` Taham , each with their own backstories .
Statistics Canada estimates that Mississauga now has 704,000 people , an increase of 150,000 from the previous decade and the population has roughly doubled in past twenty years .
After Sky Sports withdrew their interest in the SPL when their offer for Â # 45m to continue ownership of the live TV rights were declined by the SPL on the grounds of not being substantial enough , discussions began in 2002 for a new pay-per-view satellite television channel , dubbed '' SPL TV '' .
Joyeux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The debate was concluded by the Bundestag -LRB- Germany 's parliament -RRB- only on 20 June 1991 , concluding that Berlin should be the capital city of the reunified republic .
Kazunori Yoshimoto is a Japanese footballer who plays for F.C. Tokyo .
Therefore , Robert Bridges , the Poet Laureate asked Sir Hubert Parry to put it to music at a Fight for Right campaign meeting in London 's Queen 's Hall .
An Internet service provider -LRB- ISP -RRB- is a company that provides access to the Internet . Access ISPs connect customers to the Internet using copper , wireless or fiber connections .
Under new coach Leonardo MadelÃ n , team results improved markedly , and the team staved off relegation in a play-off against AtlÃ tico de Rafaela . In the second half of 2009 , team performance deteriorated again , forcing MadelÃ n 's exit .
By harvesting rainwater or converting sea water into drinking water , people can lessen the impact of drought .
The fact that Brahms 's Symphony No. 1 is in C minor contributed to it being nicknamed '' Beethoven 's Tenth '' -LRB- Beethoven 's actual unfinished Symphony No. 10 in E flat major may have had a significant central C minor section in the first movement -RRB- .
The actual text of these deleted revisions is only available to administrators who are not blocked .
The Battle of the Seelow Heights , fought over four days from 16 April until 19 April , was one of the last pitched battles of World War II : almost one million Red Army troops and more than 20,000 tanks and artillery pieces were deployed to break through the '' Gates to Berlin '' which were defended by about 100,000 German soldiers and 1,200 tanks and guns .
A second clan of gods , the Vanir , is also mentioned in Norse mythology : the god Njord and his children , Freyr and Freyja , are the most prominent Vanir gods who join the Ã sir as hostages after a war between Ã sir and Vanir .
Alumni also have won medals in swimming , judo and boxing .
Schiemer came through the youth ranks at SV Ried to make his professional debut in the 2003\/2004 season at just 17 years of age .
The Class 378 Capitalstar is a type of electric multiple unit which is part of Bombardier Transportation 's Electrostar family and has been ordered for the new London Overground network .
He is the eldest of three brothers , all of whom have played professional football .
Pampalon was devoted to Mary ; before going to a Redemptorists ' monastery , he went to a statue of Mary and asked her to pray for the monks to let him join .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency -LRB- eta _ -LCB- th -RCB- , -RRB- is a dimensionless performance measure of a device that uses thermal energy , such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , a furnace , or a refrigerator for example .
In Luke , Pilate not only agrees that Jesus did not conspire against Rome , but Herod Antipas , the tetrarch , also finds nothing treasonous in Jesus ' actions .
The Leader of the Opposition is often seen as the alternative Prime Minister , Premier or Chief Minister to the present incumbent , and heads a rival alternative government known as the Shadow Cabinet or Opposition Front Bench .
In the north and east of Croydon the authority mainly borders the London Borough of Bromley and in the north west the boroughs of Lambeth and Southwark .
Oleum is produced in the contact process , where sulfur is oxidized to sulfur trioxide which is subsequently dissolved in concentrated sulfuric acid .
A few important parts of this environment are sea ice and permafrost .
Flora Jane Thompson -LRB- 5 December 1876 & ndash ; 21 May 1947 -RRB- was an English novelist and poet famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside , Lark Rise to Candleford .
The environment is dotted with unusually talkative flowers and periscope-like '' voice trumpets '' .
CNN Türk is the Turkish version of the popular cable news channel CNN .
Mohammed II succeeds Hisham II as Caliph of Cordoba .
Get Born is the 2003 debut album by Australian rock band Jet which , as of November 2006 , has sold 3.5 million copies throughout the world .
In the episode , Bart fails four consecutive history exams and the school psychiatrist recommends that Bart repeat the fourth grade .
Giuliani gained international attention for his leadership , during and after the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center .
Devon Island is also notable for the presence of the Haughton impact crater , created some 39 million years ago when a meteorite about in diameter crashed into what were then forests .
Due to his evacuation , the Immunity Challenge was canceled , and no Tribal Council was held .
In 2002 , he won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for '' Lose Yourself '' from the film , 8 Mile , in which he also played the lead .
Babel began his career at AFC Ajax in 1998 , working his way up through the youth team and into the senior squad .
And , dill oil can be extracted from the leaves , stems and seeds of the plant .
Captain Wentworth 's visit to a close friend , Captain Harville , in nearby Lyme Regis results in a day-long outing being organized by those eager to see the resort .
They are best distinguished from similarly large , fuzzy bees by the form of the female hind leg , which is modified to form a corbicula : a shiny concave surface that is bare , but surrounded by a fringe of hairs used to transport pollen -LRB- in similar bees , the hind leg is completely hairy , and pollen grains are wedged into the hairs for transport -RRB- .
Web Gallery of Art Born in Mainz to a family of engravers and die-cutters , Stieler received some artistic training from his father , August Friedrich Stieler -LRB- 1736 -- 1789 -RRB- .
ch , 11 September 2009 He grew up in suburban Münchenstein , near Basel , close to the French-German borders and Federer speaks Swiss German , German , French and English fluently .
At the Battle of Stamford Bridge , outside the city of York , England , on 25 September 1066 , Godwinson 's forces met with Harald 's .
It is included in Catholic Bibles as the final chapter of the Book of Baruch .
References Further reading Jaromir Malek , In the Shadow of the Pyramids : Egypt During the Old Kingdom , University of Oklahoma Press , 1986 .
Naoya Ishigami is a Japanese footballer who plays for Shonan Bellmare .
Formed in 1992 , Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums .
Don Edwards -LRB- born September 28 , 1955 in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres , Calgary Flames , and Toronto Maple Leafs .
Victorian Kelvedon was set along one street - The High Street .
Constructors had complained about the poor quality of the facilities at Imola so , after much talk of dropping the San Marino Grand Prix from the Formula One championship , especially since there is another grand prix held in Italy , on 29 August 2006 , the race was excluded from the calendar released for the 2007 season , and has not featured since .
The Adrar des Ifoghas is a sandstone massif in Mali 's Kidal Region , having an area of about 250,000 km ² .
The Palatinate forest -LRB- PfÃ lzerwald -RRB- covers more than a third of the region and is the largest coherent forest in Germany .
Television spin-offs are animated or live action television series or made for TV movies which contain either characters or theme elements from an older series or movie -LRB- Clerks : The Animated Series -RRB- .
These categories are further broken down into classifications , which vary from sport to sport .
The club was founded in 1903 .
This article is about the year A.D. 888 .
Opened by the South Eastern Railway on 1 September 1866 , the original station building was designed by Sir John Hawkshaw and J.W. Barry and was characterised by its two Wren-style towers , square and high , which faced on to the River Thames .
It is sited at the confluence of the rivers Goyt and Sett , on the border of Cheshire .
At Zuko 's coronation back at the Fire Nation , Suki is reunited with the Kyoshi Warriors , Sokka and Katara are reunited with their father , with the rest of the group reunited with their friends .
In the late 1980s and early 90s he tarnished his left-wing credentials with a plea for pro-business policies and a call for the reduction of the influx of Germans from Eastern Europe and asylum-seekers .
Ludwig van Beethoven performs his Moonlight Sonata for the first time .
In its first weekend , Fireproof grossed $ 6,836,036 , putting it in fourth place at the box office .
Apulanta is a Finnish rock band , founded in 1991 when its members were in their mid-teens .
1621 & ndash ; Roger Boyle , 1st Earl of Orrery , British soldier , statesman , and dramatist -LRB- d. 1679 -RRB-
Antananarivo hosts a campus of the University of Madagascar and the Collège Rural d'Ambatobe .
The NASDAQ Stock Market , also known as the NASDAQ , is an American stock exchange .
The remaining five union territories are directly ruled by the Centre through appointed administrators .
Eoin Colfer 's Legend of Spud Murphy -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB-
John Winter -LRB- September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 -RRB- was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
In the midst of increasing sectarian strife in the late 1960s and early 1970s , however , Lebanon 's Armenian community began to close ranks , and in 1972 , the Hunchakian Party ran a joint ticket with the Dashnaks .
Do not bias discussions by asking for supporters from other places -LRB- meatpuppetry -RRB- .
He also finished tied for first with Vladimir Kramnik at the Dortmund 2006 .
The official language is German ; most speak Alemannic , a dialect of German that is highly divergent from Standard German -LRB- see Middle High German -RRB- , but closely related to those dialects spoken in neighbouring regions .
Around the time of the OpenBSD 2.7 release , the original mascot , a BSD daemon with a trident and halo , was replaced by Puffy , traditionally said to be a pufferfish .
Marty Turco -LRB- born August 13 , 1975 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
Mirpur Khas -LRB- Sindhi : -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- meaning the land of the most high mirs -RRB- is a city located in the province of Sindh in Pakistan .
Cultural problems Some peoples , especially cultures that were overwhelmed by European colonists , have no commonly accepted demonym , or have a demonym that is the same as the name of their -LRB- current or historical -RRB- nation .
The fastest terrestrial animal is the cheetah , which can attain maximal sprint speeds of approximately 104 km\/h -LRB- 64 mph -RRB- .
Lagos is the economic and financial capital of Nigeria and was once the capital of Nigeria .
The crew consists of a pair of rowers , each having one oar , one on the stroke side -LRB- rower 's right hand side -RRB- and one on the bow side -LRB- rower 's lefthand side -RRB- .
The flag of the state of Utah was adopted in 1913 and consists of the seal of Utah encircled in a golden circle on a background of dark navy blue .
It is a double-cutaway guitar , with an extended top horn for balance while standing .
Archduke -LRB- in German Erzherzog -RRB- is a title distinct from Grand Duke -LRB- in German GroÃ herzog -RRB- , used in some other German royal houses and still in sovereign Luxembourg .
On June 29 , 1992 , the CBS daytime version became Family Feud Challenge , added the Bullseye Round , and expanded to a full hour .
They are frequently used to present and grow various types of roses .
Failure to wear the rainbow jersey where required carries a penalty of 2500 to 5000 Swiss francs .
Roberta Peters -LRB- born May 4 , 1930 -RRB- is an American coloratura soprano .
Bern is the canton with the most municipalities .
The Kingdom of Mysore in southern India was founded around 1400 CE by the Wodeyar dynasty .
The second part is about 2 km . inland and adjacent to Highway 307 , on the western side .
The couple 's daughterâ '' Alice Zenobia Richmondâ '' was born on September 10 , 2005 , during Fey 's tenure at SNL .
Most recently , he has appeared in the spoof film Meet the Spartans which was a box office success , despite being universally negatively reviewed by critics .
Following two summers of friendship with Dill , Scout and Jem find that someone is leaving them small gifts in a tree outside the Radley place .
The Total Drama series itself is an '' animated reality television series '' , which stars the cast and crew of the fictional series , parodying many aspects of reality television in general .
In spite of the war , the IOC organized many events to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of its foundation at its headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland .
She defined the gorgoneion as a quintessentially European image .
A Web Service -LRB- also Webservice -RRB- is defined by the W3C as '' a software system designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network .
Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall .
, Super OS ranked 40th on the twelve-month page hit ranking of DistroWatch .
The bottom club is automatically relegated and the second bottom club goes to an end of season play-off with the second , third and fourth placed clubs from Division Two .
External links Musée Rodin , Paris Rodin Museum , Philadelphia Rodin Collection , Stanford University A 26min film about Auguste Rodin and the Gates of Hell Views of the Musée Rodin Rodin-Web .
June 14 -- Joris Veseler prints the first Dutch newspaper Courante uyt Italien , Duytslandt , & c. in Amsterdam -LRB- approximate date -RRB- .
Before Acura , exported Japanese automobiles primarily had a reputation for being economical in design and marketed on value instead of luxury .
It is equal to one-eighth of a mile , 220 yards , 660 feet , 201.168 meters , or 10 chains .
One was that it allowed the viewers to feel they were really in a ship .
Charleroi -LRB- -RRB- is the largest city and municipality of Wallonia , located in the province of Hainaut , Belgium .
In academic administration , a dean is a person with significant authority over a specific academic unit , or over a specific area of concern , or both .
GB # 7.994 billion -LRB-/O2010/O-RRB-
He helped start The Resurgence , a repository of missional theology resources .
Also present during the ceremony were Lieutenant General JFR Jacob , Chief of Staff of the Eastern Command and architect of the plan for the capture of Bangladesh , and , the commanders of Indian Naval and Air Forces in the Eastern Theatre .
During ceremonies , the players covered their Reebok logos .
Some hydrozoan jellyfish , or hydromedusae , are also found in fresh water ; freshwater species are less than an inch -LRB- 25 mm -RRB- in diameter , are colorless and do not sting .
Metropolis Street Racer -LRB- MSR -RRB- & Project Gotham Racing -LRB- PGR -RRB- is a series of racing video games developed by Bizarre Creations and published by Microsoft -LRB- Xbox , Xbox 360 -RRB- & Sega -LRB- Dreamcast -RRB- .
Bucharest Tower Center , usually shortened BTC , is a class A office building in Bucharest .
Dáil Éireann -LRB- , -RRB- is the lower house , but principal chamber , of the Oireachtas -LRB- Irish parliament -RRB- , which also comprises the President of Ireland and Seanad Éireann -LRB- the upper house -RRB- .
By the start of 1943 , the Japanese were defeated on the island and withdrew their troops .
In his youth , Henry 's father made him Duke of York -LRB- in the Jacobite peerage -RRB- , and it was by this title that he was best known .
Groups created include Toshiba EMI -LRB- 1960 -RRB- , Toshiba International Corporation -LRB- 1970 's -RRB- Toshiba Electrical Equipment -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , Toshiba Chemical -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , Toshiba Lighting and Technology -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , Toshiba America Information Systems -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and Toshiba Carrier Corporation -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
He became the first official World Chess Federation -LRB- Fédération Internationale des Échecs -RRB- -LRB- FIDE -RRB- number one rated chessplayer in July 1971 , and his 54 total months at number one is the third longest of all-time .
Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone -LRB- released in the United States and India as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone -RRB- is a fantasy/adventure film based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling .
Final standings Red-shaded team won the Presidents ' Trophy and home-ice advantage throughout the playoffs .
A traditional use of cerium was in the pyrophoric mischmetal alloy used for light flints . Because of the high affinity of cerium to sulfur and oxygen , it is used in various aluminium alloys , and iron alloys .
Monophysitism -LRB- from the Greek monos meaning ` one , alone ' and physis meaning ` nature ' -RRB- , or Monophysiticism , is the Christological position that Christ has only one nature , his humanity being absorbed by his Deity , as opposed to the Chalcedonian position which holds that Christ maintains two natures , one divine and one human .
It is the capital of the region of Corsica and the prefecture of the department of Corse-du-Sud .
For example :
He later continued studying in Vienna with Abbé Vogler -LRB- Georg Joseph Vogler -RRB- , founder of three important music schools -LRB- in Mannheim , Stockholm , and Darmstadt -RRB- ; another famous pupil of Vogler was Giacomo Meyerbeer , who became a close friend of Weber .
Overall , Allen killed 249 people and left just over $ 1 billion in damage -LRB- 1980 USD -RRB- , mostly within the United States and Haiti .
Skye Bennett : Sarah
Atoms with equal numbers of protons but a different number of neutrons are different isotopes of the same element .
It has numerous soft setae which are longer towards the end of the body .
With this release of pressure , the superheated water flashes into steam , boiling violently throughout the column .
The vast valley around the Po is called the Po Valley -LRB- Italian Pianura Padana or Val Padana -RRB- ; in time it became the main industrial area of the country .
There are many types of penetrometer .
Surrounded by grassland , meadows and pastures , the town has preserved many of its elegant historic buildings until today and is recognized as one of the architecturally most intact gold towns in Victoria .
Martín Palermo -LRB- born November 7 , 1973 in La Plata -RRB- is an Argentine professional footballer currently playing for Boca Juniors of Argentina , and the Argentina national team .
The 1980s witnessed home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer .
Corsican -LRB- Corsu or Lingua Corsa -RRB- is a continuum of Romance languages spoken and written on the islands of Corsica -LRB- France -RRB- and northern Sardinia -LRB- Italy -RRB- , alongside French and Italian , which are the official languages .
It is named after Shangri-La , the mythical paradise in Tibet .
With a population of 138,241 people -LRB- 2001 census -RRB- and an estimated population of 162,300 in 2009 -LRB- according to the National Statistics Office -RRB- Telford is projected to have a population growth of over 200,000 in the next 15 years , Telford is by far the largest town in Shropshire , and one of the fastest growing towns in the United Kingdom .
Breaking Benjamin is an American rock band from Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , consisting of Benjamin Burnley , Aaron Fink , Mark Klepaski and Chad Szeliga .
Variants of the generic style are found in a number of Maya region sites , including Tikal , Kaminaljuyu , Copan , Becan , and Oxkintok , and particularly in the Petén Basin and the central Guatemalan highlands .
Olivet is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
When Dante was 12 , he was promised in marriage to Gemma di Manetto Donati , daughter of Manetto Donati , member of the powerful Donati family .
He also attains the title '' Bishamonten Avatar '' at a certain point .
Mr. Precision left the band in 2001 , and was replaced by Todd Mohney .
King Fahad bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud , Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques , -LRB- March 16 , 1920 - August 1 , 2005 -RRB- was the King of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , Head of the House of Saud as well as Prime Minister .
This includes using intelligence , and computer-based profiling and analysis , Detector dogs , Smartgate , world leading container X-Ray facilities , Closed Circuit Television -LRB- CCTV -RRB- monitoring and other means .
The Vancouver-based band D.O.A. may have helped to popularize the term with the title of their 1981 album , Hardcore ' 81 .
Bambuco is a typical rate Colombiano inherited of quechuas , who while they did ceramics used to interpret it ; this conclusion the word has reached because bambuco derives from Wampú -LRB- canoe , raft -RRB- and Pukú -LRB- '' vasija '' -RRB- giving rise to Wampu Pukú -LRB- '' vasija '' in canoe form -RRB- .
It is surrounded by six countries : Mali to the north , Niger to the east , Benin to the south east , Togo and Ghana to the south , and Côte d'Ivoire to the south west .
Colón Park -LRB- in Spanish , Parkque Colón -RRB- , constructed in honor of Cristobal Columbus -LRB- in Spanish , Cristobal Colón -RRB- .
The first production automobile with parallel twin turbochargers was the Maserati Biturbo of the early 1980s .
It is an integral operator that acts on a vector field similarly to the gradient , divergence and curl operators found in vector analysis .
Many straits are economically important .
Clubs that need both hands to wield are called quarterstaffs in English .
Fermentation of lactose by these bacteria produces lactic acid , which acts on milk protein to give yoghurt its texture and its characteristic tang .
He was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame following the 2001 season .
In the Industrial Revolution , James Watt contributed to the development of the flywheel in the steam engine , and his contemporary James Pickard used a flywheel combined with a crank to transform reciprocating into rotary motion .
It also operates domestic scheduled services and long-haul scheduled services to North America and South America .
Although Ann & Nancy are the only constant members , Howard Leese played guitars , keyboards , synthesizers and provided backing vocals for 22 years from 1975 to 1997 .
Other more complicated endings are classified according to the pieces on board other than kings , such as the '' rook and pawn versus rook endgame '' .
He was elected to the European Parliament in 1999 and re-elected in 2004 and 2009 .
After the British arrived , they came to depend on the dockyard for support of the Royal Navy , especially during the Crimean War of 1854 .
She was then transferred to the Canterbury Boarding School , in New Milford , Connecticut where she was a member of the ice hockey team .
His son Mercer Ellington , who had already been handling all administrative aspects of his father 's business for several decades , led the band until his own death in 1996 .
Lyrics -LRB- in singular form lyric -RRB- are a set of words that make up a song .
These points are usually on the surface of the Earth , and they are often used to establish land maps and boundaries for ownership or governmental purposes .
Orlando Magic -LRB- 1999 -- 2000 -RRB-
Mondicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The population was 127 at the 2000 census .
Silly-la-Poterie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
North Tyrol , or North Tirol is the main part of the Austrian state of Tyrol , located in the western part of the country .
Records on three previous reviews , Jeff Blue , now the vice president of Warner Bros. .
1948 & ndash ; The first successful tornado forecast predicts that a tornado will strike Tinker Air Force Base , Oklahoma .
The Wire-crested Thorntail -LRB- Discosura popelairii -RRB- is a hummingbird which occurs in Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
The drive-in was built in 1953 by local resident Juan Delgadillo -LRB- May 17 , 1916 - June 2 , 2004 -RRB- .
All traditional animation is produced in a similar fashion , whether done through cel animation or stop motion .
In traditional historiography of China on the other hand , the Yuan Dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the Song Dynasty and the Ming Dynasty .
Soon afterward he was elected to the territorial legislature , of which he was a member until shortly before Hawaii achieved statehood in 1959 .
They had one son , Dodd Mitchell Darin -LRB- born 1961 -RRB- and divorced in 1967 .
The Olive Ridley -LRB- Lepidochelys olivacea -RRB- , also known as the Pacific Ridley , is a species of sea turtle .
Early religions attempted to regulate behavior that specifically related to health , from types of food eaten , to regulating certain indulgent behaviors , such as drinking alcohol or sexual relations .
In 1998 , he also succeeded Theo Waigel as chairman of the CSU .
Susan Blackmore writes that melodies from Beethoven 's symphonies are commonly used to illustrate the difficulty involved in delimiting memes as discrete units .
Columbus had most success with the first film in the Harry Potter series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , along with Home Alone , winning a British Comedy Award for Best Comedy Film .
January 1 & ndash ; The John A. Roebling Suspension Bridge opens between Cincinnati , Ohio and Covington , Kentucky , becoming the longest suspension bridge in the world .
Minagawa became the oldest living person in Japan when then 114-year-old Ura Koyama died in April 2005 .
Northeastern State University & ndash ; Broken Arrow , Oklahoma
A common misconception is that the oceans are blue primarily because the sky is blue .
Anastasia and her sisters learned how to do their own laundry and assisted the cook in making bread while they were in captivity at the Ipatiev House .
For a plant that requires fast drainage , such as a cactus , use plenty of coarse sand , grit or perlite .
Steven J. '' Steve '' Morse -LRB- born July 28 , 1954 -RRB- is an American guitarist , best known as the founder of the Dixie Dregs , and the guitar player in Deep Purple since 1994 .
The studio 's work spans commercial and residential building projects , masterplanning and infrastructure schemes as well as high profile works of public art .
He then returned to Europe , where he married Eva Reifenberg in 1935 .
Dieter Hoeneß -LRB- born 7 January 1953 in Ulm , Baden-Württemberg , West Germany -RRB- is a former German football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
L.A. plays its home matches at The Home Depot Center in Carson , which they share with arch-rival , Chivas USA .
One of Jesus ' famous teaching episodes , the Sermon on the Mount , was given on a hill overlooking the lake while many of his miracles were also recorded to occur here including his walking on water , calming a storm , and his feeding five thousand people -LRB- in Tabgha -RRB- .
In any case , Johnson 's major-label debut , Tones , was unveiled in 1986 with Tickle as co-producer .
As people are often sized up initially from their basic language skills , these studies suggest that people speaking to autistic individuals are more likely to overestimate what their audience comprehends .
John Beaumont , 4th Baron Beaumont , Constable of Dover Castle -LRB- b. 1361 -RRB-
Launched on 16 June 1951 , the ship undertook its maiden voyage on 14 January 1953 .
References External links Wuthering Heights , online text with PDF version .
The Canon EOS -LRB- Electro-Optical System -RRB- autofocus 35 mm film and digital SLR camera system was introduced in 1987 with the Canon EOS 650 and is still in production as Canon 's current DSLR system .
A bundle called Duke Nukem : Kill-A-Ton Collection features Duke Nukem 3D : Atomic Edition , Duke Xtreme , Duke !
Linspire Moves from Debian to Ubuntu LinuxElectrons Linspire was published by Linspire , Inc. and focused on ease-of-use , targeting home PC users .
Mumt z Mahal -LRB- April , 1593 - 17 June 1631 -RRB- -LRB- Persian , Urdu : ; pronounced ; meaning '' beloved ornament of the palace '' -RRB- is the common nickname of Arjumand Banu Begum , an Empress of India during the Mughal Dynasty .
He is a Conservative Member of Parliament , having represented West Derbyshire since 1986 .
The Globe and Mail - West Edmonton Mall History West Edmonton Mall first opened its doors to the public on September 15 , 1981 .
Four of the triangles point upwards , representing Shiva or the Masculine .
Hiding abnormally \/O/ not schooling
However , he was assigned to the minors and would never play an NHL game for the Seals , and was dealt to the Boston Bruins mid-way through the 1971 â '' 72 season .
A temperature-controlled soldering station consists of an electrical power supply and a soldering iron .
The game sold well in territories , was ranked on best-selling lists , and , as of March 2008 , has sold 6.12 million copies worldwide .
For this reason Early English Gothic is sometimes known as the '' Lancet '' style . Although arches of equilateral proportion are most often employed , lancet arches of very acute proportions are frequently found and are a highly characteristic of the style .
It is served by Burley Park railway station and regular bus routes along Kirkstall Road , Cardigan Road and Burley Road .
The Black-headed Grosbeak , Pheucticus melanocephalus , is a medium-size seed-eating bird in the same family as the Northern Cardinal , the Cardinalidae .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 1,636 .
Most architectures come in a large number of different variants and shapes , many of which are also manufactured by several different companies .
Although Armenians are Christians , the Armenian Quarter is distinct from the Christian Quarter .
The city is within the administrative region of Stuttgart , and in the district of Ludwigsburg , state of Baden-Württemberg .
The season had below-average activity , with only seven total storms , but unfortunately , was also devastating .
Selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 , he flew in space twice .
Rodney Norvell Stuckey -LRB- born April 21 , 1986 in Kent , Washington -RRB- is an American professional basketball player for the Detroit Pistons of the NBA .
Recorded version at the site of the Assemblée Régionale de Ségou
Prior to being elected governor , Spitzer served as New York State Attorney General .
During the middle of the 15th century , trade with the Low Countries began for salt and coal exportation .
July 30 & ndash ; Queen Marie-Th érèse , first wife of Louis XIV of France -LRB- b. 1638 -RRB-
Year 1431 -LRB- MCDXXXI -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Owen Lee Hargreaves -LRB- born 20 January 1981 -RRB- is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Manchester United and England .
However , it was not discovered by Earth-based telescopes because it is so close to the planet that it is lost in the glare of reflected sunlight .
Kanye Omari West -LRB- ; born June 8 , 1977 -RRB- is an American rapper , singer , and record producer .
Kuwait was pumping large amounts of oil , and thus keeping prices low , when Iraq needed to sell high-priced oil from its wells to pay off a huge debt .
McArthur lists twelve basic schools of thought on these issues : The Absolutist View rejects all compromise and believes that , if obeying the scripture costs the welfare of the believer , then that is a reasonable sacrifice for salvation .
Shingo-la is a mountain pass in India , on the border between Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh .
1966 & ndash ; Saturn 's moon Epimetheus is discovered by Richard L. Walker .
The original version of '' Tears to Forget '' appeared on the 1986 Deep Six compilation album , which featured some of the first recordings by the earliest Seattle grunge bands , including Soundgarden .
István Kertész was survived by his wife , Edit Gabry , his children , Gabor , Peter , and Katarin , his mother , Margit Muresian Kertész Halmos , and his sister , a graphic artist , Vera Kertész .
This scenario was proposed by A. Morbidelli and colleagues in a series of articles published in May 2005 in Nature journal .
The shortened footnote template -LRB- creates a short author-date citation in a footnote .
Such high temperature corrosion products in the form of compacted oxide layer glazes have also been shown to prevent or reduce wear during high temperature sliding contact of metallic -LRB- or metallic and ceramic -RRB- surfaces .
John died in 1216 and his son Henry III of England succeeded him .
They aid in flight , thermal insulation , waterproofing and coloration that helps in communication and protection .
where Î 0 and Î 1\/4 0 are two universal constants , called the permittivity of free space and permeability of free space , respectively .
June January 1 Charles II is crowned King of Scotland in Scone -LRB- this is his first crowning -RRB- .
A turbocharger , or turbo , is a gas compressor used for forced induction of an internal combustion engine .
The city 's economy is mostly based on agriculture and tourism , because of its 6 km-long beach -LRB- Eracleamare -RRB- .
A basket is a container which is traditionally constructed from stiff fibers , often made of willow . The top is either left open or the basket may be fitted with a lid .
He had several operations and , in 2006 , was operated on for on a brain tumor .
Soap film is extremely flexible and can produce waves based on the force exerted .
was the 19th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O19/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession .
mgrtitle = Head coach
It was founded in October 1983 in order to maintain the stability of the East Caribbean dollar -LRB- EC$ -RRB- and the integrity of the banking system in order to facilitate the balanced growth and development of member states .
The words were written in 1908 by vaudeville star Jack Norworth , who while riding a subway train , was inspired by a sign that said '' Baseball Today -- Polo Grounds '' .
AAU
Hank Rutherford Hill is a fictional character in the animated series King of the Hill .
Friherre Jöns Jacob Berzelius -LRB- 20 August 1779 7 August 1848 -RRB- was a Swedish chemist .
One of them , the pitcher , stands on the pitcher 's mound ; the pitcher begins the pitching delivery with one foot on the rubber , pushing off it to gain velocity when throwing toward home plate .
In addition to the absence of jaws , Agnatha are characterised by absence of paired fins ; the presence of a notochord both in larvae and adults ; and seven or more paired gill pouches .
The family Fagaceae , or beech family , comprises about 900 species of both evergreen and deciduous trees and shrubs , which are characterized by alternate simple leaves with pinnate venation , unisexual flowers in the form of catkins , and fruit in the form of cup-like -LRB- cupule -RRB- nuts .
The ground-plan of Christian basilicas in the 4th century was similar to that of this Neopythagorean basilica , which had three naves , and an apse .
Waasmunster is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
She meant to guard the privacy of a family that attracted everyone 's interest , and she tried to keep reporters outside her domain .
The positive impact of reform was seriously undermined in 1919 by the Rowlatt Act , named after the recommendations made the previous year to the Imperial Legislative Council by the Rowlatt Commission , which had been appointed to investigate what was termed the '' seditious conspiracy '' and the German and Bolshevik involvement in the militant movements in India .
He became the host of ITV1 entertainment shows Strike It Lucky from 1986 , followed by a talent show Michael Barrymore 's My Kind of People and gameshow Michael Barrymore 's My Kind of Music together with Kids Say the Funniest Things .
In 1987 , US aid developed a small road which would link Jhal Jhao with the Bela Awaran Road .
Bede became known as Venerable Bede -LRB- Lat . : Beda Venerabilis -RRB- by the 9th century , but this was not linked to consideration for sainthood by the Roman Catholic Church .
Philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein first applied the term to redundancies of propositional logic in 1921 ; it had been used earlier to refer to rhetorical tautologies , and continues to be used in that alternate sense today .
Montmirail is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Ziad Tlemcani -LRB- born 10 May 1963 -RRB- is a retired Tunisian football player who played for Espérance in Tunisia , Vitória S.C. in Portugal and Vissel Kobe in Japan .
Autogenic training is a relaxation technique developed by the German psychiatrist Johannes Schultz and first published in 1932 .
Boleslaus II the Pious succeeds Boleslav I in Bohemia .
Notices of engagement and marriage were also formerly published in the Gazette .
Syria 's current president is Bashar al-Assad , son of Hafez al-Assad , who held office from 1970 until his death in 2000 .
Users maintain a personal profile page and the ability to track shows .
Rubens Gonçalves '' Rubinho '' Barrichello -LRB- born May 23 , 1972 in São Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver .
While this work was under way a fire broke out on August 12 1881 which destroyed the copper dome , the auditorium and stage of the theatre .
After the war , he remained in the army and , among other duties , fought in the Silesian Uprisings , where he earned a reputation for courage and daring and earned additional decorations .
Survivor -LRB- U.S. TV series -RRB-
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
When the flag was hoisted at the independence ceremony it was accompanied by the song , '' Pakistan Zindabad , Azadi Paendabad '' .
Geography This county has a total area of 5,498 km ² .
In 1976 , a year after the civil war began , Joseph Farhi transferred the Torah scrolls from the synagogue to Geneva and entrusted to renowned Jewish-Lebanese banker Edmond Safra , who preserved them in his bank 's coffers .
Hayley Wickenheiser -LRB- born August 12 , 1978 -RRB- is a women 's ice hockey player from Canada .
Walcott , led by scientific opinion at the time , attempted to categorise all fossils into living taxa , and as a result , the fossils were regarded as little more than curiosities at the time .
Le Pouzin is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Hibernating and later restarting is usually faster than closing down , later starting up , and starting all the programs that were running .
1601 & ndash ; Athanasius Kircher , German Jesuit scholar -LRB- d. 1680 -RRB-
Born in Munich , Baader was a high school dropout and criminal before his Red Army Faction -LRB- RAF -RRB- involvement .
The tournament consists of all teams from the top two tiers of Dutch league football -LRB- Eredivisie and Eerste Divisie -RRB- , as well as the top four teams from each of the six third tier of Dutch football -LRB- Hoofdklasse -RRB- , while the remaining teams are drawn from the fourth tier -LRB- Eerste Klasse -RRB- .
Rade Bogdanovi -LRB- Serbian Cyrillic : ; born 21 May 1970 in Sarajevo -RRB- is a Serbian football manager and former player .
The table below details World Championship Grand Prix results for the McLaren Formula One team .
Prior to 1999 , widely cited government estimates put the number of Falun Gong practitioners in China at over 70 million adherents .
Sounders FC home matches are played at Qwest Field .
Saint Denis , the first bishop of Paris and patron saint of France , was martyred in about 250 and buried in the cemetery of Catolacus .
It is mainland Australia 's largest , and the world 's longest -LRB- the biggest is the Tasmanian Devil -RRB- , carnivorous marsupial and it is considered an apex predator .
Ahmed Chagla attended the Sindh Madrassat-ul-Islam in Karachi and took lessons in classical Indian music in 1910 and western musical composition in 1914 .
Those kept as pets routinely develop large vocabularies .
One of the puppies , Patch -LRB- Bobby Lockwood -RRB- , feels '' lost in a sea of spots '' and longs to be a one-of-a-kind wonder dog like his TV hero , Thunderbolt -LRB- Barry Bostwick -RRB- .
After World War II , Leipzig became a major urban center within the Communist German Democratic Republic .
Fighters wore leather straps -LRB- called himantes -RRB- over their hands -LRB- leaving the fingers free -RRB- , wrists , and sometimes breast , to protect themselves from injury .
Because of the significant advantages of alternating current over direct current in transforming and transmission , electric power distribution is nearly all alternating current today .
The Sea of Galilee , also Lake of Gennesaret , Lake Kinneret , Sea of Tiberias or Tiberias Lake -LRB- , -RRB- , located near the Golan Heights , is the largest freshwater lake in Israel , and it is approximately 53 km -LRB- 33 miles -RRB- in circumference , about 21 km -LRB- 13 miles -RRB- long , and 13 km -LRB- 8 miles -RRB- wide .
The longest was circuit was the Pescara Circuit -LRB- 25 km -RRB- which normally held the Coppa Acerbo race , and hosted one World Championship race , the 1957 Pescara Grand Prix .
She released her debut album Arular in 2005 and second album Kala in 2007 .
Jet stream , in meteorology , commonly referred to as '' jet ''
If the Document does not specify a version number of this License , you may choose any version ever published -LRB- not as a draft -RRB- by the Free Software Foundation .
Molotov cocktails were even mass-produced by the Finnish military , bundled with matches to light them .
The Webster 's Dictionary of 1913 defined '' catchup '' as a '' table sauce made from mushrooms , tomatoes , walnuts , etc. -LRB- Also written as ketchup -RRB- . ''
The Library has grown , added and subtracted parts , nearly been destroyed , and moved from one end of the campus to the other in its 100 + year career .
Since 1963 , the orchestra has been resident at the Philharmonie , which was constructed from 1960 until 1963 , following the design of architect Hans Scharoun .
The district was created in 1981 with Bhakkar city -LRB- known as Bakhar in Seraiki -RRB- as the capital .
During the intense heat of re-entry , hot gases penetrated the interior of the wing , destroying the support structure and causing the rest of the shuttle to break apart .
Over time , it became common to bind the maps together into composite works .
In recent years , the Adrar des Ifoghas has also become popular for treks .
Hugo White -- Guitar
Since id Software and some of its licencees released the source code for some of their previous games , several games which were not ported -LRB- such as Wolfenstein 3D , Spear of Destiny , Heretic , Hexen , Hexen II , and Strife -RRB- can run on Linux and other operating systems through the use of source ports .
He served concurrently as musical advisor of the Cleveland Orchestra from 1970 to 1972 , chief conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra from 1971 to 1975 , and music director of the New York Philharmonic from 1971 to 1977 .
Tommy Tynan -LRB- born 17 November 1955 , in Liverpool -RRB- is a retired English professional footballer .
Brunswick -LRB- -RRB- is an American city in the state of Georgia and the seat of Glynn County .
The extension of the line to Stasbourg has been started ,
Carlos Clos GÃ mez -LRB- born 30 June 1972 in Zaragoza , Spain -RRB- is a football referee .
For instance , a keyboard or a mouse may be an input device for a computer , while monitors and printers are considered output devices for a computer .
It is one of the four largest English language publishers , alongside Random House , Penguin , and HarperCollins .
1934 & ndash ; President Franklin D. Roosevelt signs the Federal Credit Union Act , which establishes credit unions .
Political developments , including the formation and growth of the Tanganyika African National Union -LRB- TANU -RRB- , led to Tanganyika attaining independence from colonial rule in December 1961 .
A GPS receiver calculates its position by precisely timing the signals sent by GPS satellites high above the Earth .
The album , which is the follow-up to their 2007 album Infinity on High , was first released on December 13 , 2008 .
In 1985 86 the Celtics fielded one of the best teams in NBA history .
She won the gold medal , becoming the first South Korean skater to medal in any discipline of figure skating at the Olympic Games .
It 's like America , that people use to call the continents and the country of United States of America too .
A Cocos dialect of Malay and English are the main languages spoken , and 80 % of Cocos Islanders are Sunni Muslim .
The Flame in All Of Us is the fourth studio album by rock band Thousand Foot Krutch ; the album was released on September 18 , 2007 through Tooth & Nail Records .
Instead , Aslan calls Eustace back to Narnia together with his classmate Jill Pole .
Bernardino of Siena , of the Franciscan order of the Observance , visited L'Aquila twice , the first time to preach in the presence of King René of Naples , and in 1444 , on his second visit , he died in the city .
English-language volcanology resources often refer to the mountain as Baitoushan from the Chinese pinyin rendering of the Korean Hanja .
The first variant of the vehicle is to be prototyped in 2015 and fielded by 2017 .
During the next spring or summer , the stem of the biennial plant elongates greatly , or '' bolts . ''
The probability of the event A given the event B is
Once her Second City training began , she immersed herself in the '' cult of improvisation '' , becoming , as she described it later , '' like one of those athletes trying to get into the Olympics .
Volkswagen Typ is :
Fabiano Luigi Caruana -LRB- born July 30 , 1992 -RRB- is Grandmaster and chess prodigy with dual citizenship of Italy and the United States .
Dinnerware is a synonym , especially meaning a set of dishes , including serving pieces .
Saint-Andr Ã - d' HÃ bertot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Girls are betrothed at six or seven , and the husband-elect continually makes small presents to his fatherin-law-elect till the bride reaches womanhood .
Barnum is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States located just off U.S. Route 7 .
It is about 38 kilometers in diameter .
When Tadzio returns Aschenbach 's glances , Aschenbach himself also feels regret .
The Czech Republic -LRB- Oxford English Dictionary , second edition , Oxford University Press , 1989 .
The bones of this row - scaphoid , lunate , and triquetrum - has their individual movements .
The Australian Antarctic Division administers the area primarily by maintaining three year-round stations -LRB- Mawson , Davis and Casey -RRB- , which support various research projects .
The sets -LCB- a , a -RCB- and -LCB- a -RCB- are equal , unlike the multisets -LCB- a , a -RCB- and -LCB- a -RCB- .
Spindle -LRB- automobile -RRB- , a part of a car 's suspension system .
It is intended to be suitable for students whose first language may not be English and this is acknowledged throughout the examination process .
The names goes back to Lavigne 's childhood , where her father nicknamed her '' Abbey Dawn '' , and her high school friends would often call her '' Abbey '' .
On the occasion of her accession to the throne on 14 January 1972 , Queen Margrethe II became the first female Danish Sovereign under the new Act of Succession .
MRI provides much greater contrast between the different soft tissues of the body than computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- does , making it especially useful in neurological -LRB- brain -RRB- , musculoskeletal , cardiovascular , and oncological -LRB- cancer -RRB- imaging .
To do this , view the diff for the edit , then click on ` undo ' above the newer version .
It has an identifiable head with four eyes , two sensory feelers or palps , and eight tentacles The Anterior region is called as Head which consists of two segments as anterior Prostomium and posterior peristomium and th last segment known as pygidium Parthasarathy .
Larval and larviform female glowworms are predators , feeding on millipedes and other arthropods occurring in soil and litter .
The show , Dollhouse , was announced by Fox in November 2008 to begin airing on February 13 , 2009 .
2005 & ndash ; Hurricane Rita makes landfall in the United States , devastating Beaumont , Texas and portions of southwestern Louisiana .
Escoffier published Le Guide Culinaire , which is still used as a major reference work , both in the form of a cookbook and a textbook on cooking .
Ringer played college football at Michigan State since he was a freshman , and broke many rushing records .
Although Smoot attended MIT , he was not the same Smoot who was laid end to end to measure the Harvard Bridge between Cambridge and Boston ; this was his cousin Oliver R. Smoot , an MIT alumnus who served as the chairman of the American National Standards Institute .
The kingdom of Mataram on Java is divided in two , creating the sultanate of Yogyakarta and the sunanate of Surakarta .
Ribes is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Pristiophoriformes One family is found within this order .
The Grenada national football team is the national team of Grenada and is controlled by the Grenada Football Association .
Riencourt-l ès - Cagnicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Bonzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Most Bulgarians live in Bulgaria .
Year 26 -LRB- XXVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Rubidium hydroxide is a corrosive compound that causes immediate burns to the skin on contact .
In 1856 the colony was granted responsible self-government with its own representative parliament , and the name of the island and colony was changed to Tasmania .
The counties handle matters as high schools and local roads , and until 1 January 2002 hospitals as well .
On Internationalist , Powderfinger included songs about their political opinions and social ideas , though they said this was not deliberate .
An April 2008 poll by SurveyUSA estimated that at least 18 million American adults had been Rickrolled .
They are the most successful and the third most popular football club in Brazil , with over 17 million supporters .
They say that Hercules fights , Hercules explains that he only fights when he has to and only to prevent other people from being harmed .
Jocelyn 's building campaigns also included the Bishop 's Palace , a choristers ' school , a grammar school , hospital for travellers and a chapel .
He often helps out animals and can talk to them .
The Eye of the Heron is a 1978 science fiction novel by U.S. author Ursula K. Le Guin which was first published in the science fiction anthology Millennial Women .
Dieter Burdenski -LRB- born 26 November 1950 in Bremen , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player .
The slowest cars from the pre-qualifying session were listed in race results as ` Did Not Pre-Qualify ' -LRB- DNPQ -RRB- .
It was premiered in the Estates Theatre in Prague on October 29 , 1787 .
Mullah Omar is wanted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation -LRB- FBI -RRB- in the United States since October 2001 , for sheltering Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda militants in the years prior to the September 11 attacks .
According to Livy , Maharbal commanded the right wing of the Carthaginian army at the battle of Cannae .
Miaphysitism , the christology of the Oriental Orthodox churches , was historically considered by the Chalcedonian churches as a variant of Monophysitism , but these churches view their theology as distinct from Monophysitism and anathematize Eutyches .
The genus Corvus , including the jackdaws , crows and ravens , makes up over a third of the entire family .
Matthew groups Jesus ' teachings into five discourses , of which the Sermon on the Mount is the first .
On August 13 , 2006 , Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young performed to 16,000 fans at the new Center â '' 37 years after their historic performance at Woodstock .
The British Rail Class 71 was an electric locomotive used on the Southern Region of British Railways , unlike most other Southern Region electric locomotives -LRB- such as the class 73s & 74s -RRB- they could not operate away from the electrified -LRB- 750 V DC third rail -RRB- system .
Other industries include chemicals and metal goods .
Scotland are the joint oldest national football team in the world , alongside England , whom they played in the world 's first international football match in 1872 .
The project was led by Udi Manber of Google , announced December 13 , 2007 , and was opened in beta to the public on July 23 , 2008 with a few hundred articles mostly in the health and medical field .
Computers and Internet access in a contemporary-styled venue helps to create a youthful , modern , outward-looking place , compared to the traditional pubs or old-fashioned diners that they replaced .
In Yasur , a strong clique formed around Ami , and those women that did not fit in were voted out .
The twenty-ninth novel in her series , The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers was released in hardcover by the Penguin Group in January 2007 .
The Brentwood regatta is a large high school rowing regatta , attracting over 1,500 athletes and coaches in 2009 .
The band then went on hiatus in 2004 , and rhythm guitarist Adam Gaynor left the band in 2005 , after performing on the first three studio albums .
1905 is also the annus mirabilis of Albert Einstein , publishing papers which lay the foundations of quantum physics , introduced the special theory of relativity , explained Brownian motion , and established mass-energy equivalence .
Apollo Justice : Ace Attorney , released in Japan as Gyakuten Saiban 4 , is a adventure game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Yosuke Saito -LRB- , born April 7 , 1988 in Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Yokohama F. Marinos .
During its existence , the Sassanid Empire encompassed all of today 's Iran , Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , the Caucasus -LRB- Armenia , Georgia , Azerbaijan and Dagestan -RRB- , southwestern Central Asia , part of Turkey , certain coastal parts of the Arabian Peninsula , the Persian Gulf area , and areas of southwestern Pakistan .
Varying colors revealed recently suggest a possibility of a large crater , leading to an alternative hypothesis that Erriapus and Tarvos could be fragments of Albiorix following a near break-up collision with another body .
Lignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
To reach users as they log on or a status change occurs -LRB- such as moving from '' Away '' to '' Available '' -RRB- , Pidgin supports on-action automated scripts called Buddy Pounces to automatically reach the user in customizable ways .
Tergnier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Yedisan Crimean Tatars traded there in the 14th century .
He was appointed to the Committee and started to appoint allies to him , among them Edvard Kardelj , Milovan ilas , Aleksandar Rankovi , and Boris Kidri .
A notable feature of Vancouver Island is the extension of Mediterranean-type summer dryness to latitudes as high as 50 N. Only in the extreme north of the island near Port Hardy is the rainfall of the driest summer month as much as one fifth that of the wettest months from November to March .
The ZIP file format is a data compression and archive format .
With the introduction of Euro I emissions regulations , the base model was replaced by a 1.6 L with the same output , while the top of the line was given to a 16-valve version of the 2.0 L engine , which powered the GT -LRB- GSI -RRB- version , and had 150 PS -LRB- 110 kW -RRB- .
Near the High Street , there is a change in soil type from sandy to clay , which gives rise to local underground springs .
Krause was married to Beth Bruce and they had a son , Jamen , born in 1996 . They later divorced in 2000 .
Aaron Kwok Fu-shing is a Hong Kong singer and film actor from the 1980s to the present .
It is the second-largest inland saltwater body of water in the United States , after the Great Salt Lake in Utah , and the largest lake in Louisiana .
The former , Zimmer 483 , spawned three top five singles in Germany while the latter , Scream , spawned two singles that reached the top twenty in new territories such as France , Portugal , Spain and Italy .
It stars Robert Carlyle and Ray Winstone and features the acting debut of rock singer Damon Albarn -LRB- Blur , Gorillaz -RRB- .
1811 & ndash ; Charles Sumner , U.S. politician -LRB- d. 1874 -RRB-
Obafemi Akinwunmi Martins -LRB- born October 28 , 1984 -RRB- is a Nigerian football player who plays as a forward for the Nigeria national team , and Russian side Rubin Kazan .
He is the son of Desmond FitzGerald , the first Minister for External Affairs of the nascent Irish state following independence from the United Kingdom in 1922 .
In Iran the use of pepper spray is forbidden and is only used by police forces .
Miami-Dade County -LRB- often referred to as simply Miami-Dade , Dade County , or Dade -RRB- is a county located in the southeastern part of the state of Florida .
It publishes a zoological journal , as well as botanical and biological journals .
On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic , which became commonly referred to as -LRB- East Germany -RRB- , was established in the Soviet Occupation Zone .
Notable works include LuceafÄ rul -LRB- '' Evening Star '' -RRB- , OdÄ Ã n metru antic -LRB- Ode in Ancient Meter -RRB- , and the five Letters -LRB- Epistles\/Satires -RRB- .
In 1949 , the name of Imperial Household Office was changed to the Imperial Household Agency . In this way , the Imperial Household became an external agency of the Prime Minister 's Office .
The lake has a surface area of 5.5 km .
It quickly became one of the most popular locations in the city , drawing visitors from all over the area .
Haemophilia A -LRB- clotting factor VIII deficiency -RRB- is the most common form of the disorder , occurring at about 1 in 5,000 -- 10,000 male births .
The words '' Qaumi Tarana '' in Urdu literally translate to '' National Anthem '' .
Jia Xiuquan -LRB- ; born November 9 , 1963 in Dalian , Liaoning -RRB- is a Chinese former international footballer and head coach .
There were two stages in history for the microprocessor .
Many tourists heading to southern France and Spain follow this route because it is direct and without tolls for the 340 k between Clermont-Ferrand and PÃ zenas , except for the bridge itself .
It was named in August 2003 from Norse mythology , where Mundilfari is the father of the goddess SÃ l and the god Mani .
Until recently , the Davie Cooper and South stands had their advertising slogans changed whenever the club 's sponsor changes , and are perhaps best known for displaying '' M O T O R O L A '' , which adorned the stands for many years .
This was followed by a proliferation of elaborate illustrated editions , collectors ' sets , and scholarly editions .
Jahresbroschüre 2008 S. 19 It describes itself as the second-largest transport company in the world after Deutsche Post AG and is the largest railway operator and infrastructure owner in Europe .
He also joined the Anti-Jacksonians in opposing President Andrew Jackson 's Indian Removal Act , and his opposition to Jackson caused his defeat when he ran for re-election in 1830 ; however , he won when he ran again in 1832 .
That October , Raw held a three-hour season premiere called the '' Raw Family Reunion '' , where the Raw brand debuted a new logo and theme song , Papa Roach 's '' ... To Be Loved '' .
In the extreme west of Lower Saxony is the Emsland , a traditionally poor and sparsely populated area , once dominated by inaccessible swamps .
145 km -LRB- mean -RRB- 160 × 145 × 130 km Supplemental IRAS Minor Planet Survey
The text -- i.e. , the spoken dialogue , sung lyrics , and stage directions , as applicable -- is commonly published separately from the music -LRB- such a booklet is usually included with sound recordings of most operas -RRB- .
Then , he became a Professor at Institute for Physical Chemistry , Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich -LRB- 1973 â '' 1986 -RRB- .
26.8 % of the houses remained undamaged .
Telramund and his four recruits rush into the room in order to attack the strange knight .
Shaun Anthony Woodward MP -LRB- born 26 October 1958 , Bristol -RRB- is a British politician , Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and Labour Member of Parliament for St Helens South .
The Commission identified several instances of misconduct and found the superintendent of police had failed to exercise ` strict and proper control over his men .
This type of absinthe is known as a verte .
The result was the song '' Alice '' , which was played over the end credits and included on the soundtrack , Almost Alice .
Ayers was elected Education Secretary .
For other institutions , issuing of debt contracts such as bonds is a typical source of funding .
The taxonomy of this genus continues to be a topic of study as new species are named or long-standing ones reassigned to other genera .
The members of the group had lucrative contracts with salaries ranging from $ 250 a month for a mechanic to $ 750 for a squadron commander , roughly three times what they had been making in the U.S. forces .
Fighting ends in Paraguay & ndash ; the War of the Triple Alliance is over .
A typical appearance of a Jagdterrier is black , and tan with the tan being more of a rust color on the muzzle and undercarriage , a light tan should be avoided and not within the breed standard .
A chair may or may not have armrests ; chairs with armrests are termed armchairs .
There is hyaline cartilage present in the bronchi , present as irregular rings in the larger bronchi -LRB- and not as regular as in the trachea -RRB- , and as small plates and islands in the smaller bronchi .
Community council , the most local official representative bodies in Scotland and Wales
Pugs can suffer from necrotizing meningoencephalitis -LRB- NME -RRB- , also known as pug dog encephalitis -LRB- PDE -RRB- , an inflammation of the brain and meninges , that also occurs in other small-breed dogs , such as the Maltese and Chihuahua .
All six of the Falun Gong practitioners involved were captured and tortured to death .
Each round uses six 16-bit sub-keys , while the half-round uses four , a total of 52 for 8.5 rounds .
The name came to be used by other World War II Allies as they subsequently recognized it .
Le Pout is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The superuser 's home directory on older systems was \/O/ , but on many newer systems it is located at \/O/ root -LRB- Linux , BSD -RRB- , or \/O/ var\/root -LRB- Mac OS X -RRB- .
Micheline Anne-Marie Calmy-Rey -LRB- born 8 July 1945 -RRB- is a Swiss politician who is head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs -- i.e. , the Swiss foreign minister .
Some pollutants may be both primary and secondary : that is , they are both emitted directly and formed from other primary pollutants .
The enrolment for the year of 2009 stood at about 600 students .
The duties of the cardinals include attending the meetings of the College and making themselves available individually or collectively to the pope if he requests their counsel .
Only a small number of hanja characters are modified or unique to Korean .
The band has since released three more studio albums : Does This Look Infected ?
Nazi Germany , or the Third Reich , is the name commonly used to refer to the state of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , when it was a totalitarian dictatorship ruled by Adolf Hitler and his Nazi Party .
Manganese dioxide reacts with sulfur dioxide to produce manganese sulfate :
Mario , Luigi and Yoshi set out to save Princess Toadstool and Yoshi 's dinosaur friends , exploring Dinosaur Land for Bowser and his Koopalings .
Metallic antimony is a brittle , silver-white shiny metal .
Report to the Community - Vancouver Public Schools June 2010 : 4 .
Since sodium sulfate is much less water-soluble than ammonium nitrate , it precipitates , and may be filtered off .
'' Rollback '' links should be used only when the reason for reversion is immediately clear ; for example , reverting obvious or undoing one 's own edits .
Canterbury Cathedral in Canterbury , Kent , is one of the oldest and most famous Christian structures in England and forms part of a World Heritage Site .
They also increased the number of British soldiers in relation to native ones and allowed only British soldiers to handle artillery .
Joyeuse -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône - Alpes region in southern France .
Keith Theodore Olbermann -LRB- Ë oÊ lbÉ rmÉ n ; born January 27 , 1959 -RRB- is an American political commentator and writer . A former sportscaster and news anchor , Olbermann hosted Countdown with Keith Olbermann , an hour-long nightly commentary program on MSNBC for almost eight years .
From July 1952 to September 30 , 1955 , the club was named '' Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima de Eva PerÃ n '' -LRB- '' Gymnastics and Fencing Club of Eva PerÃ n '' -RRB- , because the city of La Plata itself had been renamed '' Eva PerÃ n '' in 1952 , after Eva PerÃ n 's death .
In the late 1980s , digital compositing began to supplant optical effects .
To the greeting and praise of Mary of which the prayer thus consisted , a petition '' Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death .
All domestic ducks are descended from the wild Mallard Anas platyrhynchos , except the Muscovy Duck
Advocated by groups such as the National Middle School Association , the middle school concept is a relatively new model for the middle-level grades -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- , contrasted with the more traditional junior high concept -LRB- 7-9 -RRB- .
Dryden was actually informed by his agent that he had been drafted by the Canadiens , and did not find out he had originally been a Bruin until the mid-1970s .
The giant huntsman spider was discovered in northern Laos in 2001 .
That same year , the two had a son , singer and actor Jaycee Chan .
The Kabyles -LRB- Iqvaylyen or Leqvayel in Kabyle , are a Berber people whose traditional homeland is highlands of Kabylie -LRB- or Kabylia -RRB- in northeastern Algeria .
In November 1947 , the United Nations voted in favor of the partition of Palestine , proposing the creation of a Jewish state , an Arab state , and a UN-administered Jerusalem .
The Communications Security Establishment Canada -LRB- CSEC or CSE -RRB- -LRB- CSTC or CST -RRB- is the Canadian government 's national cryptologic agency .
Instead , think of it as a way of organizing the work that you are doing on the articles in Wikipedia , and also a way of helping other editors to understand those with whom they are working .
County -RRB- is a Romanian striker and attacking midfielder who plays for Italian Serie A club Fiorentina and the Romanian national team .
Electrolysis of manganese sulfate yields manganese dioxide , which is called EMD for electrolytic manganese dioxide .
Although determined to succeed in his career he was involved in a drunken brawl at Young on 20-21 December 1861 .
Blood in the semen can cause a pink or reddish colour , known as hematospermia , and may indicate a medical problem which should be evaluated by a doctor if it does not readily disappear .
In 1998 , he ran successfully for another term in the Senate of the Philippines , from 1998-2004 .
The original '' Kaval sviri '' can be heard where Xena races into battle in the Hercules episode '' Unchained Heart '' .
The state 's wine industry continued to grow as California emerged to become one of the world 's premier wine regions .
The match went for a minute and Akebono won the match after he threw The Big Show out of the ring , thus winning the Sumo Match .
In business and legal transactions , a warranty is an assurance by one party to the other party that certain facts or conditions are true or will happen ; the other party is permitted to rely on that assurance and seek some type of remedy if it is not true or followed .
Marc Overmars -LRB- born 29 March 1973 in Emst , Gelderland -RRB- is a retired Dutch footballer .
Gumal Pass or Gomal Pass -LRB- -RRB- is a mountain pass on the border of Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
In 1482 Leonardo , who according to Vasari was a most talented musician , created a silver lyre in the shape of a horse 's head .
José Mario Molina-Pasquel Henríquez -LRB- born March 19 , 1943 in Mexico City -RRB- is a Mexican chemist and one of the most prominent precursors to the discovering of the Antarctic ozone hole .
Before they took off from the island , Daedalus warned his son not to fly too close to the sun , nor too close to the sea .
PlotArea = left :0 bottom :0 top :0 right :0
In parts of Australia , a shire is an administrative unit , but it is not synonymous with '' county '' there , which is a land registration unit .
He was named Player of the Tournament by UEFA at UEFA Euro 2008 .
Alicia Christian Foster , better known as Jodie Foster -LRB- born November 19 , 1962 -RRB- , is an American actor , director and producer .
Stefanie Sun has an older sister three years her senior called Sng Yee-kia , and a younger sister six years her junior named Sng Ee-mei .
The risk reduction increases with duration of use , with an 80 % reduction in risk for both ovarian and endometrial cancer with use for more than 10 years .
It is named after the Danshui River ; the name means '' fresh water '' .
The Cat Who Sniffed Glue -LRB-/O1988/O-RRB-
Samuel Osei Kuffour -LRB- born 3 September 1976 -RRB- is a retired Ghanaian professional footballer who played as a defender .
During his time in Cyprus , Mr. Perez de Cuellar married his current wife , the former Marcela Temple Seminario , with whom he has no children .
Subspecies There are two subspecies .
Francis Jean Marcel Poulenc -LRB- ; January 7 , 1899 -- January 30 , 1963 -RRB- was a French composer and a member of the French group Les Six .
These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids -LRB- in three dimensions -RRB- and the regular polygons -LRB- in two dimensions -RRB- .
Adults are between 25 and 75 cm long , with hairy tails about 20-35 cm long .
Dachshunds may not be the best pets for small children .
In 1938 , he was made Reader in Embryology at University College , London .
Basketball and football are perhaps the most popular in Siena .
jpg
The sinister side which is their left and your right shows a golden -LRB- Or -RRB- lion -LRB- in rampant position -RRB- on a blue -LRB- azure -RRB- field -LRB- background -RRB- : the emblem of the dukes of Geldern .
As an Italian language and culture for foreigners doctor , Abel Pardo is the author of the first works about contractive language between Leonese language and Italian , being the author of '' Linguistica Contrastiva Italiano-Leonese '' -LRB- Contrastive Linguistic Italian-Leonese -RRB- presented and approved in the University of Pavia Italy as a Laurea Tesis .
In 1996 , the second single , '' Spiderwebs '' , was successful , and '' Do n't Speak '' , a ballad written about Stefani and Kanal 's break-up , was released as the third single and broke the previous record when it topped the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay for sixteen weeks .
Clio is a city in Wayne County , Iowa , United States .
Montournais is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Josh Hutcherson was not their first choice for the role of Jesse Aarons , but they settled with him because they '' felt the chemistry between AnnaSophia Robb and him '' .
Upon Arnold 's death in 1473 , Duke Charles added Guelders to his Burgundian Netherlands .
His most notable work , Vom Kriege -LRB- On War -RRB- , was unfinished at his death .
It is located by the village of Sandtoft , near Belton on the Isle of Axholme in the English county of Lincolnshire .
The kingdom of Castile -LRB- Castilla -RRB- built a global empire , spreading its culture and language in the Americas and biologically and culturally mixing with the Indigenous peoples and ultimately , the African slaves , altering the composition of the hemisphere .
As Lear explains , Potter titled the The Tale of Peter Rabbit and Mr. McGregor 's Garden and sent it to publishers , but '' her manuscript was returned ... including Frederick Warne & Co. ... who nearly a decade earlier had shown some interest in her artwork .
He was elected to the House of Commons at the 1987 general election for Aberdeen South by defeating the sitting Conservative and Unionist MP Gerry Malone .
The current Drivers ' Champion is Lewis Hamilton , who won his first World Championship in 2008 .
La Croix-sur-Ourcq is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
On 9 September 1839 , HMS Beagle sailed into Darwin harbor during its surveying of the area . John Clements Wickham named the region '' Port Darwin '' in honor of their former shipmate Charles Darwin , who had sailed with them on the ship 's previous voyage which had ended in October 1836 .
Regarded as one of the better tight ends available in the 2010 NFL Draft , Ed Dickson was drafted in the 3rd round -LRB- 70th overall -RRB- by the Baltimore Ravens .
Saint-Hilaire-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This perfectly symmetrical monument took 22 years -LRB- 1630 â '' 1652 -RRB- of labor and 20,000 workers , masons and jewellers to build and is set amidst landscaped gardens .
After his father went broke in 1926 , the family moved to Winnipeg , but were unable to afford to stay there .
With Tommy Johnson , he was the center of a small Jackson , Mississippi group of blues musicians in the 1920s .
On 7 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm . .
After signing with Reprise , the band went to work on recording its major label debut , Dookie .
Instead , Co-operative candidates stand jointly with the Labor Party as '' Labor and Co-operative Party '' candidates .
It was situated on the crest of Shades Mountain in what is now the northern edge of the city .
There are two primary classes of anchors -- temporary and permanent .
Vivaise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Clegg is the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Sheffield Hallam and the leader of the Liberal Democrats .
These roads typically have a concrete median with a sentry box where police can stand guard and monitor traffic .
In March 2004 the United States FDA issued guidelines recommending that pregnant women , nursing mothers , and children limit their intake of tuna and other types of predatory fish .
It contains a sample of Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers ' song '' Searching for Soul '' , which was written by Chuck Middleton .
Mary Arthur was born in Greenwich , New York to William and Malvina S. Arthur .
Citizens of Hephzibah and Blythe , Georgia , also located in Richmond County , decided to maintain separate governments . Augusta and Richmond County 's consolidation took effect January 1 , 1996 , with the city and county merging operations .
It is subject of controversy whether elements of the mixed Daco -- Roman population survived in Transylvania through the Dark Ages -LRB- becoming the ancestors of modern Romanians -RRB- or the first Vlachs appeared in the area in the 13th century after a northwards migration from the Balkan Peninsula .
GrÃ zillac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Álvaro Alexander Recoba Rivero -LRB- born March 17 , 1976 in Montevideo -RRB- , nicknamed '' El Chino '' , is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Primera División Uruguaya side Danubio .
The Unraveling is the debut full-length album by American punk rock band Rise Against , released on April 24 , 2001 , and distributed through Fat Wreck Chords .
Their debut album Vikingligr Veldi arrived in 1994 with '' many melodies being borrowed from ethnic Scandinavian folk music to lend additional authenticity to the vicious , fast-paced black metal . ''
After passing the island , the hurricane turned to the northeast , and became extratropical on September 8 .
NuillÃ - sur-Vicoin is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Kornwestheim is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg , Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .
Despite adopting a name with religious connotations , lead singer Orlando Weeks has more recently affirmed , in an interview on Steve Lamacq 's BBC Radio 1 show , that none of the band is religious .
Of the 1646 graves recorded to exist there , only 180 , those of prison staff and military personnel , are marked .
And , whereas , the matter has been thoroughly investigated by the State Historical Society and the Eclectic Society of Little Rock , which have agreed upon the correct pronunciation as derived from history , and the early usage of the American immigrants .
We build our temples for tomorrow , strong as we know how , and we stand on top of the mountain free within ourselves .
In this position he struggled to preserve the industrial base of this state which was based on steel production and coal mining with subsidies , and served as President of the Bundesrat in 1992/93 .
Saint-Simon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is a member of the family Alvarezsauridae , small coelurosaurian dinosaurs which are characterized by short but powerful forelimbs specialized for digging .
The ants will eventually die of exhaustion .
Over the next few years , Polydor tried to keep itself afloat with new artist signings , new releases , and reissues , while still becoming more and more dormant .
At WrestleMania , Lawler originally won his match against Cole , but , after celebrating his victory with Stone Cold , the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed the ruling , due to Austin pushing Cole in the match , making Cole the victor instead .
Today , Kurdish is an official language in Iraq . In Syria , on the other hand , publishing material in Kurdish is forbidden .
George Smoot had main responsibility for measuring the small variations in the temperature of the radiation .
World Gazetteer .
Hodge and Stanfield became key elements of the Bruins ' success , and Esposito , who centered a line with Hodge and Wayne Cashman , became the league 's top goal-scorer and the first NHL player to break the 100 -- point mark , setting many goal - and point-scoring records .
The page history contains a list of the page 's previous revisions , including the date and time -LRB- in UTC -RRB- of each edit , the username or IP address of the user who made it , and their edit summary .
It is part of the Knight of the Swan tradition .
Fontaine is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries -LRB- OPEC , -RRB- is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
A bishopric is established in Nitro .
Muhammad preferred women to pray at home rather than at a mosque , and according to the hadith Muhammad said : '' The best mosques for women are the inner parts of their houses '' , although Muhammad told Muslims not to forbid women from entering mosques .
Bagpipes are a class of musical instrument , aerophones , using enclosed reeds fed from a constant reservoir of air in the form of a bag .
Between 1983 and 1994 , four probes containing temperature and pressure measurement devices and video equipment were lowered into Old Faithful .
â '' though they can not differentiate between a Furby and a Furby Babyâ '' they just assume it is a Furby .
or Catholic RevivalCounter Reformation , from Encyclopædia Britannica Online , latest edition , full-article . -RRB-
The only exceptions are Unterentfelden and Eppenberg-Wöschnau to the south , whose settlements are divided from Aarau by the expansive forests of Gönhard and Zelgli .
However , the District was unable to sell the bonds until 1932 , when Amadeo Giannini , the founder of San Francisco -- based Bank of America , agreed on behalf of his bank to buy the entire issue in order to help the local economy .
Instead , they keep Saturday -LRB- sunset to sunset -RRB- as the Sabbath as a memorial to God 's work of creation believing that none of the ten commandments can ever be destroyed .
Sugar Ray Robinson -LRB- born Walker Smith Jr. , May 3 , 1921 â '' April 12 , 1989 -RRB- was a professional boxer .
k is the force constant -LRB- or spring constant -RRB- -LRB- in SI units : '' N m-1 '' or '' kgs-2 '' -RRB- .
Oberon -LRB- -RRB- , In US dictionary transcription , .
The Braille system is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write .
The show became enormously successful and Boreanaz starred in a spin-off series , Angel , which gave the character a chance to evolve and concentrated on Angel 's battle for redemption for the sins he committed before he regained his soul .
The actual body armour costume worn by Jagger is on display at the Queanbeyan City Library , NSW , and the initials '' MJ '' are scratched on the inside .
Kenner produced no new dolls or toys thereafter .
In 1999 , Anti-Flag released the album A New Kind of Army on Go-Kart Records\/A-F Records .
Maimón -LRB- D.M. -RRB-
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship -LRB- administered by the United States -RRB- in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
The original DECT frequency band -LRB- 1880 MHzâ '' 1900 MHz -RRB- is used in all countries in Europe . Outside Europe , it is used in most of Asia , Australia and South America .
In On War , Clausewitz sees all wars as the sum of decisions , actions , and reactions in an uncertain , dangerous context but also as a socio-political phenomenon .
Any other interval can be defined in terms of an appropriate number of semitones -LRB- e.g. a whole tone or major second is 2 semitones wide , a major third 4 semitones , and a perfect fifth 7 semitones -RRB-
The release dates for Goodbye Lullaby and its lead single were pushed back several times .
To mark a page as patrolled , simply click the '' color = '' # 002bb8 '' -RRB- '' link that appears in the bottom right corner of any new page .
We believe that men will be punished for their own sins , and not for Adam 's transgression .
Former Celtic manager Martin O'Neill , former Dundee manager Jim Duffy and current Rangers manager Walter Smith are among those who have called for the winter break to be reinstated .
Four local motor racing enthusiasts proposed the construction of a new road linking existing public roads , which was used by the local car manufacturers to test their prototypes .
The name Volkswagen Caddy has been used by the Volkswagen Group to describe four different Caddy models :
The most common include : Infections such as hepatitis A , B , C , E , alcohol damage , fatty liver , cirrhosis , cancer , drug damage -LRB- especially acetaminophen -LRB- also known as paracetamol -RRB- , cancer drugs -RRB-
By means of close contact among the bees it also supplies information about the type of food -LRB- blossom scent -RRB- .
In the United States , it is now illegal to block the migration of fish , for example the endangered great white sturgeon in North America , so fish ladders must be provided by dam builders .
Family Gymnotidae -LRB- banded knifefishes and electric eel -RRB-
Teuillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Land Registry is responsible for publicly recording interests in registered land in England and Wales and reports to the Ministry of Justice .
In November 1941 , Murray was mentioned in despatches for the third time in his career for his excellent resistance to Rommell .
A semi-postal stamp or semipostal stamp is a postage stamp issued to raise money for some purpose -LRB- such as a charitable cause -RRB- and thus sold over and above the cost of postage .
Cyanides are produced by certain bacteria , fungi , and algae and are found in a number of plants .
Rick Rypien -LRB- born May 16 , 1984 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League -LRB- AHL -RRB- within the Vancouver Canucks organization of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Since then , 17 convocations -LRB- sessions -RRB- of the Verkhovna Rada were held .
The word is a portmanteau of television and evangelism and was coined by Time magazine .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
IAU Circular No. 8625 describing the discovery The satellite orbits the barycenter of the system in the same plane as Charon and Nix , at a distance of about 65,000 km .
Friends is an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman , which aired on NBC from September 22 , 1994 to May 6 , 2004 .
If attempts to restore the blood flow are initiated after a critical period of only a few hours , the result may be a reperfusion injury instead of amelioration .
The Code of Maimonides -LRB- Mishneh Torah -RRB- , Book Three : The Book of Seasons .
51 806 to 809 Emperor Heizei Ate -LRB- Yamatoneko Ameoshikuni Takahiko no Mikoto -RRB- Traditional dates .
Hurt is a town in Pittsylvania County , Virginia , United States .
Since the arrival of the NASA Merritt Island launch sites on Cape Canaveral -LRB- most notably Kennedy Space Center -RRB- in 1962 , Florida has developed a sizable aerospace industry .
In 1981 , Butcher was part of the Ipswich side that won the UEFA Cup under Bobby Robson -LRB- later Sir -RRB- and came close to their first League title since 1962 , though they were pipped at the post by Aston Villa .
It has the largest financial endowment of any Australian university , standing at $ 1.1 billion as of 2009 .
Philippe Mexès -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born March 30 , 1982 in Toulouse , France -RRB- is a French professional footballer who plays as a center back for Italian Serie A club Roma .
He won the French Prix de Rome in 1882 , with his cantata Edith .
One of the most significant logicians of all time , Gödel made an immense impact upon scientific and philosophical thinking in the 20th century , a time when many , such as Bertrand Russell , A. N. Whitehead and David Hilbert , were pioneering the use of logic and set theory to understand the foundations of mathematics .
Bookrags : Leonard Trelawny Hobhouse In 1909 the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Soziologie -LRB- German Sociological Association -RRB- was founded by Ferdinand Tönnies and Max Weber , among others .
Its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the International Union of Geological Sciences -LRB- IUGS -RRB- , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .
The eighteenth and nineteenth-century British philosophers Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill defended the ethical theory of utilitarianism , according to which we should perform whichever action maximizes the aggregate good .
April 1 & ndash ; Benjamin Pierce , U.S. politician -LRB- b. 1757 -RRB-
March 25 -- The first settlers arrive in St. Mary 's City , Maryland -LRB- led by Lord Baltimore -RRB- , the fourth permanent settlement in British North America .
Rather , it was a system in which strict regulations were applied to commerce and foreign relations by the shogunate , and by certain feudal domains -LRB- han -RRB- .
In 2007 Samuel Moreno Rojas was elected Mayor for the period 2008-2011 .
Renaissance music is European music written during the Renaissance .
One of them was his thirtieth career European goal , which he scored in a 2 -- 2 Champions League group stage draw with Lyon on 16 September 2004 , overtaking Denis Law 's previous club record of 28 goals .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Sialkot - Government of Pakistan It is located at 32 19 ' 60N 74 20 ' 60EFalling rain - Location of Daska
Bochum -LRB- -RRB- is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , western Germany .
The result is a sister language to French , Spanish and Italian , albeit a test-tube child , which differs from them by having sound-changes similar to those that affected the Welsh language , and words that are borrowed from Brythonic and from English throughout its pseudo-history .
Duisburg -LRB- , -RRB- is a German city in the western part of the Ruhr Area -LRB- Ruhrgebiet -RRB- in North Rhine-Westphalia .
Mario 's most commonly portrayed form of attack is jumping to stomp on the heads of enemies , first used in Super Mario Bros. .
The word is from French -LRB- as ramequin -RRB- , and before that Middle Dutch and Middle Low German â '' see ramekin for details .
2001 & ndash ; Swissair liquidates and the airline is replaced by SWISS .
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz -LRB- November 7 , 1903 in Vienna -- February 27 , 1989 in Altenberg , Vienna -RRB- was an Austrian zoologist , ethologist , and ornithologist .
The doctor performing the operation was so unnerved that he had to be ordered to continue by Maria 's mother , Tsarina Alexandra .
Crouch is a city in Boise County , Idaho , United States .
The United States Census Bureau -LRB- officially the Bureau of the Census , as defined in Title -RRB- is the government agency that is responsible for the United States Census .
Yasunori Takada -LRB- born 22 February , 1979 in Yokohama , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Thespa Kusatsu of the J-League .
Historical documents , however , suggest that a possibly stronger tropical storm , the 1842 Spain hurricane , struck the Iberian Peninsula on October 29 , 1842 .
However , pitch is not an objective physical property , but a subjective psychophysical attribute of sound .
Herodotus placed them in a region bordering Scythia in Sarmatia -LRB- modern territory of Ukraine -RRB- .
The relationship between the genera has been uncertain , although it has been suggested that they constitute a natural systematic unit and newer molecular analyses tend to support this position .
McGee , Harold .
As he matured he came to be well known beyond his power base in Worms and Speyer , so when the Saxon line died off and the elected monarchy for the German realm stood vacant , he was elected King of Germany in 1024 at the respectably old age of thirty-four years and crowned emperor of the Holy Roman Empire on March 26 , 1027 , becoming the first of four kings and emperors of the Salian Dynasty .
The song '' Kaerimichi '' released on her fifth single '' My Lover '' is the first song released for which she wrote the lyrics and composed the music for .
Sauviac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The deal is for 2007 to 2011 , with an option for 2012 to 2016 .
In 1936 , Ruth Harkness became the first Westerner to bring back a live giant panda , a cub named Su Lin who went to live at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago .
A computer network is a group of interconnected computers .
The data and program memory were separated , operation was instruction based , the control unit could make conditional jumps and the machine had a separate I/O unit .
The thallium is several times precipitated from the solution and to remove further impurities . At the end it is converted to thallium sulfate and the thallium is extraced by electrolysis on platinum or stainless steel plates .
Three jurors are appointed annually .
David Duane '' Dave '' Freudenthal -LRB- Ë friË dÉ nÎ É ` Ë l ; born October 12 , 1950 -RRB- , is an American politician who served as the 31st Governor of Wyoming .
John Forbes Nash , Jr. -LRB- born June 13 , 1928 -RRB- is an American mathematician whose works in game theory , differential geometry , and partial differential equations have provided insight into the forces that govern chance and events inside complex systems in daily life .
He was selected in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators in the first round , sixth overall .
There may be several minimum spanning trees of the same weight having a minimum number of edges ; in particular , if all the edge weights of a given graph are the same , then every spanning tree of that graph is minimum .
During his tenure he campaigned for the creation of the United States Department of Agriculture under the administration of President Grover Cleveland , of which he served as its inaugural Secretary for the remainder of Cleveland 's term .
Garbo also commissioned a death mask of Murnau , which she kept on her desk during her years in Hollywood .
Its earliest predecessors were built in Ancient Greece in the third century BC .
The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
Three years later , the First French Empire -- to which he was heir -- collapsed .
Khomein County is a county in Markazi Province in Iran .
The Mirror went through a protracted crisis before merging with the regional newspaper group Trinity to form Trinity Mirror in 1999 .
October & ndash ; In England , the Second Barons ' War winds down as supporters of the slain rebel leader Simon de Montfort make an offer of peace to the king in the Dictum of Kenilworth ; after slight modifications to the peace settlement , it is agreed to the following year .
He was awarded the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of the electron and his work on the conduction of electricity in gases .
Letters that arose from tau include Roman T and Cyrillic Te -LRB- , -RRB- .
The Highland Football Academy is situated behind the Academy End and an Astroturf pitch adjacent to the East Stand .
Finn rose to prominence in the late 1970s after replacing singer songwriter Phil Judd in his brother Tim Finn 's band Split Enz .
Shigeru Morioka -LRB- born 12 August 1973 in Å zu , Ehime , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Bliss Copy , named for Colonel Alexander Bliss , Bancroft 's stepson and publisher of Autograph Leaves , is the only draft to which Lincoln affixed his signature .
Pichilemu was founded December 22 , 1891 by a decree of President Jorge Montt and Interior Minister Manuel José Irarrázabal .
They include many of the major figures , such as Odin , Frigg , Thor , Baldr and Tyr .
In her youth she was known at court as Mademoiselle de Conti .
John Robin Warren AC -LRB- born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide -RRB- is an Australian pathologist , Nobel Laureate and researcher who is credited with the 1979 re-discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori , together with Barry Marshall .
The wearing of costumes has become an important part of such holidays and festivals as Mardi Gras and Halloween -LRB- see Halloween costume for more information -RRB- , and -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- people may also wear costumes in conjunction with other holidays , such as Christmas and Easter .
Bodmin is a civil parish and major town in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The East Stand is a two tier development completed in 1993 .
Bougy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Spiderbait are an Australian rock band who have had two top ten albums and another three albums reach the Australian top 40 .
It is the capital of Centre department .
Jammu and Kashmir is referred to in Pakistan as Indian-occupied Kashmir .
Withdrawal came at the end of 1981 .
Carloman II -LRB- c. 866 & ndash ; 12 December 884 -RRB- , King of Western Francia , was the youngest son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde of Burgundy , and became king , jointly with his brother Louis III of France , on his father 's death in 879 .
Formal languages are studied in computer science and linguistics ; the field of formal language theory studies the purely syntactical aspects of such languages -LRB- that is , their internal structural patterns -RRB- .
Zuffa Purchases IFL Instead of the established norm for MMA events , where matchups are strictly one-on-one affairs , each IFL card was a showdown between two camps of at least three fighters , each fighter fighting one match against another in the opposing camps .
New York In New York , a town is similarly a division of the county , but with less importance than in New England .
The award goes to the player who receives the most overall points .
Amsterdam or Rotterdam , Netherlands In 2005 , the Dutch sporting confederation NOC * NSF began considering a submission to bid to host the 2028 Summer Olympic and Paralympic games in the capital of the Netherlands .
Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive and concise websites and content that provide Fedora users and contributors with quality information .
Carl Heinrich Carsten Reinecke -LRB- June 23 , 1824-March 10 , 1910 -RRB- was a German composer , conductor , and pianist .
Hurricane Luis was a very large , very intense and a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane as well as being among the most notable storms of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
In parts of Scotland and Ireland , Catholics loyal to James remained determined to see him restored to the throne , and there followed a series of bloody though unsuccessful uprisings .
While Timon and Pumbaa distract the hyena guardians , Simba finally confronts Scar on Pride Rock . Scar turns the tables by stating that Simba caused Mufasa 's demise and forces Simba towards the edge of Pride Rock , where he holds on for dear life as lightning sets fire to Pride Rock .
After he retired from music he worked for a private security company at KTTV studios .
1738 & ndash ; King George III of Great Britain -LRB- d. 1820 -RRB-
The original version -LRB- with the excerpted items highlighted -RRB- appears in Book 1 , sections 1.10.32-33 -LRB- pagination varies by publisher -RRB- : -LSB- 32 -RSB- Sed ut perspiciatis , unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium , totam rem aperiam eaque ipsa , quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt , explicabo .
The highest recorded eruption was high .
Alex Kendrick directed the film , and also co-wrote and co-produced it with his brother , Stephen Kendrick .
After the sacking of 1237 â '' 1238 , when the Mongols burned the city to the ground and killed its inhabitants , Moscow recovered and became the capital of the independent Vladimir-Suzdal principality in 1327 .
Amongst Byron 's best-known works are the brief poems She Walks in Beauty , When We Two Parted , and So , we 'll go no more a roving , in addition to the narrative poems Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage and Don Juan .
Wolstenholme and his wife Kelly married in December 2003 , have four children -LRB- Alfie ,11 , Ava-Jo ,9 , Frankie ,7 , and Ernie ,2 , -RRB- , and are presently expecting their fifth child , due early November 2010 .
If the defense makes no attempt to put the baserunner out -LRB- for example , if the catcher does n't even look his way -RRB- , the play is scored as defensive indifference -LRB- also called fielder 's indifference -RRB- , and no stolen base is credited to the runner .
She scored 183.23 points overall , winning her second consecutive bronze medal at the World Championships .
A player who matches a bet may also raise , increasing the bet .
The use of the word theism as indicating a particular doctrine of monotheism arose in the wake of the scientific revolution of the seventeenth century to contrast with the then emerging deism that contended that God , though transcendent and supreme , did not intervene in the natural world and could be known rationally but not via revelation .
After four years out of the sport , Renault returned to supply engines to the Benetton team , while Michelinâ s comeback as a tyre supplier would provide Bridgestone with competition for the first time since Goodyear left the sport at the end of the 1998 season .
SoyhiÃ res is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Di Grassi 's career in karting peaked in 2000 , with a 5th place in the Formula A World Championship .
Ferrabosco was living in England until 1578 , which could explain the large number of his compositions in the book ; he was relatively unknown in Italy .
A variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear approximations or incorporating non-linear expressions .
Ugny-le-Gay is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Like many economies , the market economy depends on the division of labor .
Many state officials attended the show designed by K-events Filmmaster Group .
There is a band of red spots across the hind wing .
When depicted he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .
She is currently living in Ilkley , West Yorkshire , and attends Bradford Grammar School , where she is a member of the Ilkley Upstagers ' Theatre Group
He has received a number of prizes and awards , including the 1988 Wolf Prize for physics which he shared with Stephen Hawking for their contribution to our understanding of the universe .
Weapons Customs Officers use Glock pistols , M16 rifles , shotguns , personal body armour , batons , capsicum -LRB- OC -RRB- spray , and handcuffs .
Igor Cvitanovi -LRB- born November 1 , 1970 in Osijek -RRB- is a retired Croatian football striker .
Star Trek : First Contact is the eighth feature film in the Star Trek science fiction franchise , released in November 1996 by Paramount Pictures .
In folk and bluegrass music , the instrument is also referred to as a bass fiddle or bass violin -LRB- or more rarely as doghouse bass or bull fiddle -RRB- .
Timberville is a town in Rockingham County , Virginia , United States .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
In 1840 , the Adelaide City Council and the Sydney City Council were established .
Since 1896 , Brooklyn has had the same boundaries as Kings County , which is now the most populous county in New York State and the second most densely populated county in the United States , after New York County -LRB- Manhattan -RRB- .
The Office of United States Director of Central Intelligence -LRB- DCI -RRB- was the head of the United States Central Intelligence Agency , the principal intelligence advisor to the President and the National Security Council , and the coordinator of intelligence activities among and between the various United States intelligence agencies -LRB- collectively known as the Intelligence Community since 1981 -RRB- .
A bowl is a common open-top container used in many cultures to serve food , and is also used for drinking and storing other items .
Donna Anna appears , chasing Don Giovanni , who is masked .
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
Andreas Bernd Baader -LRB- 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 -RRB- was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof group .
Renewable energy technologies provide opportunities for mitigating greenhouse gases .
Chronology The three-age system divides human technological prehistory into three periods : the Stone Age , the Bronze Age and the Iron Age .
For other uses , see Boa constrictor -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- The Boa constrictor -LRB- Boa constrictor -RRB- is a large , heavy-bodied species of snake .
Each peso is divided into 100 centavos -LRB- '' cents '' -RRB- , for which the Â cents symbol is used .
The interior of the Earth , like that of the other terrestrial planets , is divided into layers by their chemical or physical -LRB- rheological -RRB- properties , but unlike the other terrestrial planets , it has a distinct outer and inner core .
_ Basil_E .
Kallichore belongs to the Carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 Gm and at an inclination of about 165 Â .
It is the country 's seventh-largest city and the largest seaport in Poland on the Baltic Sea .
In film industry slang such films are referred to as having been '' vaulted . ''
Comp Infibous Biochem Physiol C Pharmacol Toxicol Endocrinol/O. , 124 -LRB-/O3/O-RRB- :227 -232 .
Nicoma Park is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
For other uses , see Quetzal -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Fresnes-l Ã s-Montauban is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
FÃ bio Camilo de Brito , nicknamed '' NenÃ '' , -LRB- born June 6 , 1975 in SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil -RRB- , is a Brazilian football player , who plays as a central defender .
Room on the 3rd Floor is the debut album by English pop rock McFly .
A striking modernist new building -LRB- the ` big ' church -RRB- was begun in 1954 under the eye of the then Bishop Young , later Archbishop of Hobart .
Paride Tumburus -LRB- born 8 March 1939 -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer .
In the early 1950s , the Ford Motor Company became a publicly traded corporation that was no longer entirely owned by members of the Ford family .
As the 75 took shape , this core engineering was passed over to Rover and evolved into the Rover 75 structure .
Vignonet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
John Ross became the chief of the tribe in 1828 and remained the chief until his death in 1866 .
He resides in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania USA , and maintains a post office box in Flourtown , PA , the international headquarters of the KLI .
Banda Batang
Most CPUs since the 1980s have used one or more caches , and modern microprocessors inside personal computers may have as many as half a dozen , each specialized to a different part of the task of executing programs .
Department of Statistics
mgrtitle = Head Coach
However , in 1529 the foundation was taken over by King Henry VIII .
However , in 1513 and 1514 DÃ 1\/4 rer created his three most famous engravings : The Knight , Death , and the Devil -LRB- 1513 , probably based on Erasmus 's treatise ` Enichiridion militis Christiani ' -RRB- , St. Jerome in his Study , and the much-debated Melencolia I -LRB- both 1514 -RRB- .
The council was formally opened May 20 , in the central structure of the imperial palace at Nicaea , with preliminary discussions of the Arian question .
It was originally a National Wrestling Alliance -LRB- NWA -RRB- and World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- championship , and is currently the secondary championship of the Raw brand .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is an antitussive drug .
In 1650 , when the English Parliament banned independent Christian organizations from meeting together , this congregation braved persecution until 1688 , when the Baptists were once again allowed to worship in freedom .
The downside is that instructions tend to have more sequential dependencies , reducing instruction-level parallelism .
The Long Parliament passes the Grand Remonstrance , part of a series of legislation designed to contain Charles I 's absolutist tendencies .
Despite being based in Scotland , the club participated in English football from 1947 until elected to the Scottish Football League at the third attempt in 2002 .
Qantas was founded in Winton , Queensland on 16 November 1920 as Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services Limited .
He was once said to have lived to be 99 years old , but it is more likely that he died in his 90th or 91st year .
In addition , the '' main street '' traversing Aurora , Denver , and Lakewood , Colorado , and abutting the Colorado State Capitol is named '' Colfax Avenue '' in the politician 's honor .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
The county of Somerset derives its name from the town .
The Secret of NIMH -LRB- alternatively spelled The Secret of N.I.M.H. -RRB- is a 1982 animated film adaptation of the Newbery Medal-winning book Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH -LRB- Mrs. Frisby 's name is changed to '' Brisby '' in the film due to trademark concerns with Frisbee discs -RRB- , written by author Robert C. O ` Brien .
After the Conservatives lost the 1880 election and Disraeli 's death the year after , Salisbury emerged as Conservative leader in the House of Lords , with Sir Stafford Northcote leading the party in the Commons .
Saint-Andr Ã - Lachamp is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Montagnola was formerly a municipality of its own , but was merged with Agra and Gentilino in 2004 to form the new municipality Collina d'Oro .
B. -RRB- May 6 , 1994 -LRB- OHL -RRB-
Pakistani -- British relations are the relations between Pakistan and the United Kingdom .
Shock may refer to :
17 December 2003 - Linux 2.6.0 was released -LRB- 5,929,913 lines of code -RRB- .
Defines if talk page should be opened when calling revert from a user 's contributions page . This is because from there , actions may be multiple , and opening the talk page not suitable .
Eastern Arizona College , Thatcher
He married Infanta Isabella , the half-sister and heiress of Henry IV of Castile , on 19 October 1469 in Valladolid .
If the axis is within the body , and passes through its center of mass the body is said to rotate upon itself , or spin .
The Second International -LRB- 1889 -- 1916 -RRB- was an organization of socialist and labor parties formed in Paris on July 14 , 1889 .
SÃ gny , also written Segny , is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Subtropical storms are not included in season totals , and thus values accrued while Laura was subtropical are not included in its ACE total .
Sci/O. , 2004 , 3 , 337 - 340 , DOI : 10.1039 / b316210a -LSB- -RSB- The light from the Sun that reaches the earth is largely composed of non-ionizing radiation , with the notable exception of some ultraviolet rays .
In common law legal systems , a precedent or authority is a legal case establishing a principle or rule that a court or other judicial body may utilize when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts . Black 's Law Dictionary defines '' precedent '' as a '' rule of law established for the first time by a court for a particular type of case and thereafter referred to in deciding similar cases . ''
They travelled with a Baedeker guidebook , but the two women soon became lost after missing the turn for the main avenue , Allée des Deux Trianons .
The Rio Hondo College and Rio Hondo Preparatory School were named after the river .
The city is synonymous with Mount UludaÄ which towers behind its core and which is also a famous ski resort .
1936 & ndash ; Buddy Guy , American blues guitarist and singer
A straight-8 can be timed for inherent primary and secondary balance , with no unbalanced primary or secondary forces or moments .
Auvergne is one of the least populated régions in Europe , let alone France .
Western Australia , Queensland and the Northern Territory do not observe daylight saving .
The Coast Miwok were the second largest group of Miwok Native American people .
Innovation , the process of making changes to something established by introducing something new Innovations -LRB- journal -RRB- , an academic journal about entrepreneurial solutions to global challenges Financial innovation , a term used in some discourses on economy Innovation Department Stores , former Belgian department store chain , well known for the disastrous 1967 fire .
The United Nations estimated that 1.50 million people were '' severely affected '' by this cyclone.Abs-Cbn Interactive , UN : 1.5 million people affected by Myanmar storm Estimates of the people still missing were 55,917 , with 77,738 confirmed dead .
The Gospel According to Luke -LRB- , to kata Loukan euangelion -RRB- , commonly shortened to the Gospel of Luke or simply Luke , is the third and longest of the four canonical Gospels . This synoptic gospel is an account of the life and ministry of Jesus of Nazareth .
Ares is a sheep , Aphrodite is a cow , Artemis is a rabbit , and Zeus is a mouse .
He broke with the positivist orientation of the science and philosophy of his day , yet he elaborated critiques of historicism and of psychologism in logic . Not limited to empiricism , but believing that experience is the source of all knowledge , he worked on a method of phenomenological reduction by which a subject may come to know directly an essence .
The need for ships to round the Cape Horn was greatly reduced by the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914 .
Solomonovo -LRB- ; -RRB- is a village in the Uzhhorodskyi Raion -LRB- district -RRB- of the Zakarpattia Oblast -LRB- province -RRB- in western Ukraine .
The ACT and the NT also elect two senators each .
He was a frequent correspondent and guest on NBC 's The Today Show and Hardball .
He was named in Sweden 's 23-man squad for UEFA Euro 2008 , and has since become a regular in the national team .
The only extant playwright from the period is Menander .
Some features of PuTTY are :
Ninety percent of Nicaraguans live in the Pacific lowlands and the adjacent interior highlands .
The Salt Creek tiger beetle -LRB- Cicindela nevadica lincolniana -RRB- is an example of an endangered subspecies protected under the ESA .
Cagliari became the first ever out-right champions of Serie C during the 1951 -- 52 season , prior to that in the league the championship was shared amongst more than one team .
The 2010 Pichilemu earthquake was a 6.9 magnitude earthquake that occurred on 11 March 2010 , at 11:39 local time -LRB- 14:39 UTC -RRB- .
When Sagan learned of this he sued Apple Computer to force the use of a different project name .
-LRB- as Malaysian -RRB-
Pat Sajak -LRB- ; born Patrick Leonard Sajdak on October 26 , 1946 -RRB- is a television personality , former weatherman , actor and talk show host , best known as the host of the American television game show Wheel of Fortune .
Call is too late ; the adult Aliens have already been created and quickly escape their confinement , damaging the ship and killing most of its crew .
On November 11 , 2003 , Atlantic Records released a greatest hits album , Thank You , with a bonus DVD .
The 2008 -- 09 NHL season was the 91st season of the National Hockey League .
Immunity aware programming is one kind of defensive programming .
Ottobrunn is a municipality southeast of Munich , Bavaria , Germany , founded in 1955 .
A stalagmite -LRB- , ; from the Greek stalagmitês -RRB- , '' drop '' or '' drip '' -RRB- is a type of speleothem that rises from the floor of a limestone cave due to the dripping of mineralized solutions and the deposition of calcium carbonate .
The World Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship contested for in World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
In paintings made en plein air -LRB- outdoors -RRB- , shadows are boldly painted with the blue of the sky as it is reflected onto surfaces , giving a sense of freshness and openness that was not captured in painting previously .
In October 2008 , it was crowned the worst road in Ontario .
1996 & ndash ; Severe thunderstorms and a tornado in Bangladesh kill 600 people .
The city lies on the Bahlui River , a tributary of the Jijia -LRB- tributary of the Prut -RRB- .
In Greek mythology the Horae or Hours -LRB- , H rai , '' seasons '' -RRB- were three goddesses controlling orderly life .
Nickolas Gene '' Nick '' Carter -LRB- born January 28 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actor , musician , and pop singer .
, but , by error , an Archimedean spiral was placed there instead .
The 91st IOC Session , held in Seoul on 15 September 1988 , voted Lillehammer the host for the games .
Gianluigi Buffon , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRIFIFA.comAscotSportal.com -LRB- born 28 January 1978 in Carrara -RRB- , is an Italian FIFA World Cup-winning goalkeeper who plays for Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team .
MythBusters is a science entertainment TV program created and produced by an Australian company , Beyond Television ProductionsBeyond Productions Ventures originally for the Discovery Channel in the United States .
In the 10 playoff games prior to the cancellation , VÃ zina had won six games , lost three and tied one , with one shutout .
Simone wrote '' Four Women '' , a song about four different stereotypes of African-American women , and included the recording on her Wild Is the Wind album in 1966 .
Traditionally , Hawaii is known as the '' Big Island '' to reduce confusion between Hawaii Island and the state .
The Calder Memorial Trophy is an annual award given '' to the player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition in the National Hockey League . ''
Nicolas Sebastien Anelka -LRB- ; born 14 March 1979 -RRB- is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for English Premier League club Chelsea .
Once fully differentiated , the Sertoli cell is unable to proliferate . Therefore , once spermatogenesis has begun , no more Sertoli cells are created .
William Calvin Oates -LRB- either November 30 or December 1 , 1835 September 9 , 1910 -RRB- was a Confederate colonel during the American Civil War and later the Democratic Governor of Alabama from 1894 to 1896 .
is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
The two best known such republics were Venice -LRB- where he was called a Doxe -RRB- and Genoa , which rivaled each other , and the other regional great powers , by building their historical city-states into maritime , commercial , and territorial mini-empires .
On the evening of May 27 , 1971 , shortly after 21:00 , a train made up of two Class VT 95 railbuses of the Deutsche Bundesbahn was running as special service Eto 42227 -LRB- units 795 375 + 995 325 -RRB- on the single-track line between Wuppertal-Oberbarmen and Radevormwald , the so-called Wupper valley line .
As the system rapidly continued westward , much of the convection remained near the center of the upper-level low , preventing development of a closed surface circulation .
Since 1995 , their engines have powered McLaren 's Formula One cars .
Macaulay Carson Culkin -LRB- born August 26 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actor .
A member of a famous cricketing family , Pollock is widely regarded as South Africa 's greatest cricketer , and as one of the finest batsmen to have played Test cricket .
A volumetric flask is a piece of laboratory glassware used in analytical chemistry for the preparation of solutions .
Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein -LRB- 26 April 1889 -- 29 April 1951 -RRB- was an Austrian-British philosopher who worked primarily in logic , the philosophy of mathematics , the philosophy of mind , and the philosophy of language .
Saint-Quay-Portrieux is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Busan -LRB- Officially Busan Metropolitan City -RRB- , formerly spelled Pusan is South Korea 's second largest metropolis after Seoul , with a population of around 3.6 million . It is the largest port city in South Korea and the fifth largest port in the world .
Fresh and dried dill leaves -LRB- sometimes called '' dill weed '' to distinguish it from dill seed -RRB- are used as herbs , mainly in the Baltic , in Russia , and in central Asia .
Speakers of Khowar have also migrated heavily to Pakistan 's major urban centres with Islamabad , Lahore and Karachi , having sizeable populations .
In 2009 , an additional of previously undetected portions of the wall , built during the Ming Dynasty , were discovered .
With only five songs and lasting 66 minutes , the album featured Opeth 's longest song , the twenty-minute '' Black Rose Immortal '' .
Josiah Wedgwood -LRB- 12 July 1730 -- 3 January 1795 -RRB- was an English potter , credited with the industrialization of the manufacture of pottery .
Peter Sauber had previously announced , on November 29 , that the team 's chassis for the 2010 season would be designated Sauber C29 , while the Swiss newspaper Blick reported that the team will be called Team Sauber F1 .
Born in Marseilles to a Jewish family from Aix-en-Provence , Milhaud studied in Paris at the Paris Conservatory where he met his fellow group members Arthur Honegger and Germaine Tailleferre .
Recke is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Rich Costey -- mixing
Established in 1841 with seven students and two teachers , the college is currently the largest unit at U-M in terms of the number of students enrolled .
Thiruvannamalai has long been associated with many yogis and siddhars , The temple town of Tiruvannamalai and more recently the 20th century guru Ramana Maharshi , who lived in Mount Arunachala , now a popular spiritual tourism destination .
In 1895 the World introduced the immensely popular The Yellow Kid comic by Richard F. Outcault , the first newspaper comic printed with color .
More than one million civilian visitors crossed the DMZ until the route was closed following the shooting of a 53-year-old South Korean tourist in July 2008 .
Branching -LRB- software -RRB- in software development
In some versions , the sliced filling is first dipped in beaten eggs and dredged in flour or breadcrumbs before frying .
Fancy rats have their origins as the targets for blood sport in 18th and 19th century Europe . Specially bred as pets since then , fancy rats now come in a wide variety of colors and coat types and there exists several rat fancy groups worldwide .
Kumquats or cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees in the flowering plant family Rutaceae , either forming the genus Fortunella , or placed within Citrus sensu lato .
After years playing in the lower leagues , Albacete first played in the second level in 1985 -- 86 , repeating the feat five seasons later .
Canon -LRB- fiction -RRB- , material that is considered to be genuine
The word may come from Hebrew har mÉ giddÃ , meaning '' Mountain of Megiddo '' .
Paul Blomfield -LRB- L -RRB-
As a female singer , Hamasaki holds several domestic records for her singles , such as the most number-one hits overall by a female artist , the most consecutive number-one hits -LRB- also by a female artist -RRB- , the highest sales , and the most million-sellers .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
The name Hengest means '' stallion '' and Horsa means '' horse '' , reminiscent of the horse sacrifice connected to the inauguration of pagan kings .
Vahan Hovhannesi Totovents -LRB- ; September 1 1889 - July 17 1937 -RRB- was an Armenian writer , poet and public activist .
George Sainton Kaye Butterworth , MC -LRB- 12 July 1885 & ndash ; 5 August 1916 -RRB- was an English composer best known for his tone poem The Banks of Green Willow and his settings of A. E. Housman 's poems .
The current ISO 4217 code for the peso is MXN ; prior to the 1993 revaluation -LRB- see below -RRB- , the code MXP was used .
In the years following the achievement of complete independence Bulgaria became increasingly militarized , and was referred to as '' the Prussia of the Balkans ''
Royal Mail , Address Management Guide , -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- Including the correct post town in the address increases the chances of a letter or parcel being delivered on time .
The protolith may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock .
In 1692 , he composed The Fairy-Queen -LRB- an adaptation of Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream -RRB- , the score of which -LRB- his longest for theater -RRB- was rediscovered in 1901 and published by the Purcell Society .
The population was 656 at the 2000 census ; in the 2004 census estimate it was 1,700 .
Like their higher-powered sisters , the BRCW Classes 27 and 33 , they had all-steel bodies and cab ends .
Their provisions were finished just before the end of the journey , and the whole party was very near exhaustion .
Nintendo released Zelda II in North America in 1988 , one year after its initial release in Japan , converting the game from its initial Disk System format to the NES cartridge .
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
The Cod Wars , also called the Icelandic Cod Wars -LRB- , '' the cod war '' , or Landhelgisstríðin , '' the war for the territorial waters '' The Icelandic Coast Guard 's name in Icelandic directly translates as '' Territorial waters Guard '' . -RRB-
Zoo is best known for releasing three platinum Tool albums , as well as gold records by Green Jellÿ and Matthew Sweet .
It is located on the Olympic Highway at the point where it crosses the Muttama Creek , between Junee and Cowra .
Following his death in 1969 , Mar Addai II was elected to head the Ancient Church of the East in February 1970 .
The House of Commons of Canada -LRB- -RRB- is a component of the Parliament of Canada , along with the Sovereign -LRB- represented by the Governor General -RRB- and the Senate .
It is located on the west coast of the island and adjacent to Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the capital city of Sri Lanka .
He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
It is most likely he was born on the farm of his grandfather , James Quinn , for whom his father John Kelly was working .
He then mentions that an ill-meaning woman named Madame Medusa had tried to lure Penny in to her car earlier that week , and this may be the woman responsible for Penny 's disappearance .
Gilmar Luís Rinaldi -LRB- born January 13 1959 in Erexim , RS -RRB- , is a former Brazilian football goalkeeper , and current football agent of such players as Adriano .
Hamilton Hume -LRB- 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 -RRB- Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton -LRB- 1797 - 1873 -RRB- ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
The standing Navy Royal , with its own secretariat , dockyards and a permanent core of purpose-built warships , was created in the 16th century during the reign of Henry VIII .
The Montreal Canadiens beat the Chicago Black Hawks three games to two in a best-of-five Stanley Cup final for their second consecutive Cup win .
Seasonal references in the Hebrew calendar reflect its development in the region east of the Mediterranean Sea and the times and climate of the Northern Hemisphere .
The AIESEC network as of June 2010 includes over 50,000 students in 111 countries and territories , making it the largest student driven organization in the world .
Monza is a city on the river Lambro , a tributary of the Po , in the Lombardy region of Italy some 15 km north-northeast of Milan .
The reform was largely carried out by Saint Odo -LRB- c. 878 -- 942 -RRB- and spread through France -LRB- Burgundy , Provence , Auvergne , Poitou -RRB- , England , and much of Italy and Spain.Justus.Anglican.org Corruption The impetus for the reform was corruption within the church , particularly simony and concubinage .
They are a distinct evolutionary branch of the Archaea , and are generally considered extremophiles , although not all members of this group can be considered as such .
The first genuine safety bicycle , the Rover , is built by John K Starley , the nephew of James Starley of Coventry Company .
Johannes -LRB- '' John '' -RRB- Maria van Loen -LRB- born February 4 , 1965 in Utrecht -RRB- is a former football striker from The Netherlands , who earned seven caps for the Netherlands national football team , in which he scored one goal .
Ned Kelly - The Victorian colonial government passed a law on 30 October 1878 to make the Kelly gang outlaws : they no longer had any legal rights and they could be shot by anyone .
Mount Sipylus indeed has a natural rock formation which resembles a female face , and it has been associated with Niobe since ancient times Pausanias .
It is used by listeners for yoga , massage , meditation , and reading as a method of stress management or to create a peaceful atmosphere in their home or other environments , and is often associated with environmentalism and New Age spirituality .
Jasper is a city in Dubois County , Indiana , United States .
NME -LRB- 7\/10 -RRB- link
October 18 Brooklyn is chartered under the name Brueckelen by Mathias Nicolls , Governor of New Netherlands .
State quantities depend only on the thermodynamic state , and cumulative variation of such properties adds up to zero during a cycle .
It was discovered by Johann Palisa on October 25 , 1888 in Vienna and was named aptly after the ultimate northern land of Thule .
Lafontaine rose to prominence locally as mayor of SaarbrÃ 1\/4 cken and became more widely known as a critic of chancellor Helmut Schmidt 's support for the NATO plan to deploy Pershing II missiles in Germany .
The rank of '' Brigadier of the Armies '' was abolished and the normal brigade command rank , Field Marshal , was replaced by Brigade General .
Irish missionaries preach in Scotland and Germany .
It is opposite the Polish town of Zgorzelec , which was a part of Görlitz until 1945 .
Being a satyr , Grover loves nature very much and hates pollution .
The Wall Street Journal cited top SMA performers including Robinson Value Management Ltdâ s Market Opportunity Composite Strategy , and PTI Securities & Futures LPâ s Protected Index Program .
As a result , it has been argued that psychosis is simply an extreme state of consciousness that falls beyond the norms experienced by most .
Stefan Elmgren assumed the lead guitar and Patrik Räfling assumed the drums -LRB- they joined the band in the end of 1997 after the release of Glory to the Brave album -RRB- and Fredrik decided to remain in the band until a suitable replacement for him was found .
Raffles Institution -LRB- Secondary -RRB- -LRB- RI -LRB- Secondary -RRB- -RRB- is the all-boys ' Secondary section of Raffles Institution .
In 1998 , Tony George arranged for Formula One to return to the US for the first time since 1991 .
Like several other upper Gulf Coast cities , Bay Saint Louis was devastated by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 -LRB- see details below -RRB- and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
Hunza was a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan until 1974 .
In 1798 Stans was stormed by French troops , following the decision of Nidwalden not to adopt the constitution of the Helvetic Republic .
Churchill F.B. 1974 .
When consumed in extract or tea form it is an expectorant of mucus from the respiratory tract , therefore relieving congestion , can regulate blood pressure , and can dispel gas .
The main leading rivalry scripted into the event on the Raw brand was between John Cena and Randy Orton over the WWE Championship .
A simple example is randomized quicksort , where the pivot is chosen randomly , but the result is always sorted .
Some Christian denominations who believe these rites do not communicate grace prefer to call them ordinances .
GuÃ tres is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Also , water vapor is released into the atmosphere through these pores in a process called transpiration .
The Oslofjord -LRB- -RRB- is a bay in the south-east of Norway , stretching from an imaginary line between the Torbjørnskjær and Færder lighthouses and down to Langesund in the south to Oslo in the north .
The dispute is subsequently fuelled by a long-running cycle of retaliatory violence .
They inhabit the plains and open woodlands of Africa , especially the Serengeti National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Tanzania , and Masai Mara Game Reserve in Kenya .
There is the gold Hall of Fame Award -LRB- 1991 -- 2000 -RRB- , the silver Wannabe Award -LRB- 2001 -- 2008 -RRB- , the green Big Green Help Award -LRB- 2009 -- present -RRB- and the silver glitter Big Help Award -LRB- 2010-present -RRB- .
RenÃ e O'Connor -LRB- born Evelyn RenÃ e O'Connor ; February 15 , 1971 -RRB- is an American actress , producer and director best known for playing the role of Gabrielle on the TV series Xena : Warrior Princess from 1995 to 2001 .
Heroes may refer to :
The Lord Mayor of the City of London is also the chancellor of the City University of London .
According to chapters , Jesus of Nazareth gave this sermon -LRB- estimated around AD 30 -RRB- on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd .
The next edition is to be held in Brazil in 2014 .
The male performers were also referred to as '' Wrestlers '' as opposed to '' Superstars '' -LRB- later '' Extremists '' was used as the official label -RRB- , and female performers were called '' Vixens '' instead of Divas .
At 2,500 m -LRB- 8,200 ft -RRB- , it is a popular tourist resort in the summer months .
Glemsford is a village in the Babergh district in Suffolk , England , near the town of Sudbury .
The game received an Excellence Prize for Entertainment at the 10th annual Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006 .
The first of these matches was a Singles match from the SmackDown brand that featured The Undertaker defeating World Heavyweight Champion Edge to win the title .
Their first release , '' Candyholic '' , was released in March and reached the second spot on the Oricon indies single chart .
The original game was primarily a 2D platform video game .
1925 & ndash ; Autar Singh Paintal , Indian medical scientist -LRB- d. 2004 -RRB-
The circuit was designed by German architect Hermann Tilke , the same architect who designed the Sepang circuit in Malaysia .
The game features the revived ECW brand , and it takes its place alongside the established Raw and SmackDown !
Treatment Besides treating the water and electrolyte abnormalities , octreotide -LRB- a somatostatin analogue -RRB- can be used to temper symptoms .
However , a few storms have crossed into Arizona still with tropical storm strength .
Hull -LRB- provincial electoral district -RRB- , provincial electoral district in Quebec
In 2000 , two SED functionaries , Siegfried Lorenz and Hans-Joachim Böhme , were tried for the death of Gueffroy and two other young men , but acquitted as the judge could find no evidence that they might have been able to lift the shoot-to-kill order .
Alessandro Altobelli -LRB- born 28 November 1955 in Sonnino , Latina -RRB- is a former professional Italian footballer .
Prior to European settlement the Grenfell area was home to the Wiradjuri Aborigines .
Origny-en-Thiérache is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
A chopstick rest -LRB- ç å å Chinese : kuaizi zuo -RRB- is tableware , similar to a spoon rest , used to keep chopstick tips off the table and to prevent used chopsticks from contaminating or rolling off tables .
2002 & ndash ; Naval clashes between South Korea and North Korea lead to the death of six South Korean sailors and sinking of a North Korean vessel .
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon are considered to be one of the original Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
His second wife , Alice , died in 1911 and his oldest son Jean , who had married Alice 's daughter Blanche , Monet 's particular favourite , died in 1914 .
Psi or PSI may refer to :
The procedure of deferentectomy , also known as a vasectomy , is a method of contraception in which the vasa deferentia are permanently cut , though in some cases it can be reversed .
Ray 's first film , Pather Panchali -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , won eleven international prizes , including Best Human Document at the Cannes film festival .
Like other Type 1 designs , they were relatively small locomotives intended primarily for local freight traffic .
link
Ananke
However , freedom of the press is not necessarily enabling freedom of speech . Judith Lichtenberg has outlined conditions in which freedom of the press may constrain freedom of speech , for example where the media suppresses information or stifles the diversity of voices inherent in freedom of speech .
1838 & ndash ; Max Bruch , German composer -LRB- d. 1920 -RRB-
However , the newly built Warsaw-Petersburg railway passed by SuwaÅ ki and the town 's prosperity diminished .
The capital is Layyah .
He is considered a master of the elegiac couplet , and is traditionally ranked alongside Virgil and Horace as one of the three canonic poets of Latin literature .
Transposons are found in all major branches of life .
The current Secretary of Education is Arne Duncan .
The Plume edition is also published in a Signet edition .
Hungary -LRB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Hungary -LRB- Magyar Köztársaság -RRB- , is a landlocked country in the Carpathian Basin in Central Europe , bordered by Austria , Slovakia , Ukraine , Romania , Serbia , Croatia , and Slovenia .
Renewable energy is energy which comes from natural resources such as sunlight , wind , rain , tides , and geothermal heat , which are renewable -LRB- naturally replenished -RRB- .
It is characterized by a regular bass figure , an ostinato and the most familiar example of shifts of level , in the left hand which elaborates on each chord , and trills and decorations from the right hand .
The Principality of Sealand is a micronation located on HM Fort Roughs , a former World War II Maunsell Sea Fort in the North Sea 10 km -LRB- six miles -RRB- off the coast of Suffolk , England -LRB- 51 53 ' 40 '' N , 1 28 ' 57 '' E -RRB- .
Grant Field was occasionally used as a site for Atlanta Falcons games during the team 's early years when it was sharing Fulton County Stadium with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball and there were scheduling conflicts .
The range is mostly located in the United States but extends into southeastern Canada , forming a zone from 100 to 300 miles -LRB- 160 to 480 km -RRB- wide , running from the island of Newfoundland 1,500 miles -LRB- 2,400 km -RRB- south-westward to central Alabama in the United States .
Laura was re-classified as a tropical storm at a relatively high latitude , 40.6 Â N. Not long after being declared tropical , early signs of an extratropical transition appeared .
Its population has grown rapidly over the past ten years to about 100,000 but , it is still one of the smallest capital cities in Africa .
Lilo & Stitch 2 : Island Favorites is the soundtrack of the film .
Malcolm Barber , The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple .
The Lion is a symbol of Haile Selassie .
A butt plug is a sex toy designed to be inserted in the anus and rectum for sexual pleasure .
It takes its name from the Morava River which rises in the northwest of the region .
The biblical story of Noah is contained in chapters 6 -- 9 of the book of Genesis , where he saves his family and representatives of all animals from the flood by constructing an ark/O. Noah 's Ark - Jewish Encyclopedia He is also mentioned as the '' first husbandman '' and in the story of the Curse of Ham .
Unlike the British-built Transit '' family '' , the first production Ford to wear the '' Transit '' badge was a van built in Ford 's KÃ ln -LRB- Cologne -RRB- plant in Germany .
On 13 January 1850 , the British West African Territories was dissolved and Sierra Leone again becomes a separate crown colony .
Marie , Michigan Florida Interstate 75 begins its northerly journey at an interchange with State Road 924 and State Road 826 in Hialeah , a suburb of Miami .
The mission was launched at 12:33 a.m. EST on December 7 , 1972 , and concluded on December 19 .
However , the European Commission has confirmed that Gouda Holland is to be protected -LRB- although Gouda will not -RRB- .
Holmon/O ` Dette , Grove online In 1580 Dowland went to Paris , where he was in service to Sir Henry Cobham , the ambassador to the French court , and his successor , Sir Edward Stafford .
For example , if a key signature has only one sharp , it must be an F sharp .
The West also operates a '' breaking news '' website -LRB- thewest.com .
Through the accession of the German Democratic Republic to the Federal Republic of Germany , effective from 3 October 1990 , the two states united to form one sovereign state , which continued as a single member under the name Germany .
In reality this is the male leading the female around searching for a suitable place to deposit his spermatophore .
Tavaux-et-Pontséricourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Layla El -LRB- born 25 June 1978 -RRB- is an English dancer , model and professional wrestler of Moroccan descent . She is employed by World Wrestling Entertainment as a WWE Diva and appears on the SmackDown brand as Layla .
The family contains well-known species such as Brassica oleracea -LRB- cabbage , cauliflower , etc. -RRB- , Brassica rapa -LRB- turnip , Chinese cabbage , etc. -RRB- , Brassica napus -LRB- rapeseed , etc. -RRB- , Raphanus sativus -LRB- common radish -RRB- , Armoracia rusticana -LRB- horseradish -RRB- , Matthiola -LRB- stock -RRB- , Arabidopsis thaliana -LRB- model organism -RRB- and many others .
They were connected by a stairway set at right angles -LRB- they were not spiral -RRB- .
The current IOC President , Jacques Rogge , was re-elected for a second term that consists of four years on 9 October 2009 .
This fluid helps to lubricate the urethra for spermatozoa to pass through , neutralizing traces of acidic urine in urethra , and helps flush out any residual urine or foreign matter .
Per Sir Isaac Newtonâ s - year-old laws of motion and an important formula that sprang from his work , an object with a mass , m , of one kilogram will accelerate , a , at one meter per second per second -LRB- about one-tenth the acceleration due to earthâ s gravity -RRB- when acted upon by a force , F , of one newton .
ChÃ cents teauneuf-les-Martigues is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
The CRC Reef Research Centre estimates the age of the present , living reef structure at 6-8 ,000 years old .
The towns of Hohenstein and Ernstthal were united in 1898 , and the town is either known by its hyphenated form , or simply called Hohenstein .
May 9 , 1662 â '' the date on which the figure who later became Mr. Punch made his first recorded appearance in Englandâ '' is traditionally reckoned as Punch 's UK birthday .
'' The Slow Birth of Agriculture '' , Heather Pringle \* '' Zawi Chemi Shanidar '' , EMuseum , Minnesota State University
Albert Na -LRB- Serbian Cyrillic : , -RRB- -LRB- born October 29 , 1974 in Zemun , Serbia , then SFR Yugoslavia -RRB- is a former Serbian footballer of Hungarian ethnicity .
The first title was acquired right away in the second year , 1998 by Mika HÃ kkinen and McLaren-Mercedes .
Biography articles should only be created for people with some sort of verifiable notability .
It is a main exporter of wood , as well as a significant producer of both coffee and cocoa , it is also an important cattle breeder .
Stone Temple Pilots is an American rock band consisting of Scott Weiland -LRB- lead vocals -RRB- , brothers Robert -LRB- bass guitar , vocals -RRB- and Dean DeLeo -LRB- guitar -RRB- , and Eric Kretz -LRB- drums , percussion -RRB- .
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. , a Scottish football club
The last stable release of Linspire was version 6.0 , which was released in October 2007 .
Marvel Publishing , Inc. , commonly referred to as Marvel Comics , is an American company that publishes comic books and related media .
By 1992 , only the republics of Serbia and Montenegro remained committed to union , and formed the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia -LRB- FRY -RRB- in 1992 .
The Armistice was agreed at 5 AM on 11 November , to come into effect at 11 AM Paris time , for which reason the occasion is sometimes referred to as '' the eleventh -LRB- hour -RRB- of the eleventh -LRB- day -RRB- of the eleventh -LRB- month -RRB- '' .
A constable is a person holding a particular office , most commonly in law enforcement .
Christian Bager Poulsen -LRB- born 28 February 1980 -RRB- is a Danish professional football player who plays for Liverpool .
Many had considered this election unwinnable for Labor , mainly due to the effects that the early 1990s recession had on Australia , as well as the longevity of Labor as the federal government .
Gunma Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the northwest corner of the KantÅ region on HonshÅ '' island .
Five of the victims were international backpackers visiting Australia -LRB- three German , two British -RRB- , and two were Australian travellers from Melbourne .
Since Robinson had sold exclusive rights to any retirement story to Look magazine two years previously , his retirement decision was revealed through the magazine , instead of through the Dodgers organization .
The design was widely acclaimed and won him a D&AD yellow pencil -LRB- the gold award -RRB- in 1997 .
The chief priests inform Pilate of a new charge , demanding Jesus be sentenced to death '' because he claimed to be God 's son . ''
She is known for the '' The Battle of the Sexes '' in 1973 , in which she defeated Bobby Riggs , a former Wimbledon men 's champion .
On 13 February 1954 , Mawson Station was established as the first Australian station on the continent proper .
Vion is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
In The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
Intel Core is a brand name used for various mid-range to high-end consumer and business microprocessors .
The town , located in a mountainous district , gradually lost importance in the 20th century .
The Nationals are a member of the Eastern Division of the National League of Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- .
Archived at Sepultura .
The city is found in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area in the U.S. State of California .
His second wife , Annalena McAfee , was formerly the editor of The Guardian 's Review section .
The false consensus effect is caused by a tendency for people to project their way of thinking onto other people .
Contescourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
One of John Paul II 's earliest official visits was to Poland , in June 1979 , where he was constantly surrounded by ecstatic crowds .
The Second Statute of Westminster is passed in England , reforming various laws ; it includes the famous clause de donis conditionalibus , considered one of the fundamental institutes of medieval law in England .
Calc is capable of opening and saving most spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel file format .
Although English contrasts all six contrasting heights in its vowels , these are interdependent with differences in backness , and many are parts of diphthongs .
Malcolm Charles Barber -LRB- born March 4 , 1943 -RRB- is a British scholar of medieval history , described as the world 's leading living expert on the Knights Templar .
Obstalden is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Respected for her versatility , she received a Juvenile Academy Award , won a Golden Globe Award , received the Cecil B. DeMille Award for her work in films , as well as Grammy Awards and a Special Tony Award .
One of his innovations was to begin an annual tradition on New Year 's Eve , '' A Night in Old Vienna '' , which was devoted to music of Johann Strauss and other Viennese masters of the nineteenth century .
Géus - d'Arzacq is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The ambiguous legal status of West Berlin meant that West Berliners were not eligible to vote in federal elections ; instead , they were indirectly represented in the Bundestag by 20 non-voting delegates chosen by the West Berlin House of Representatives .
Section 71 vests judicial power in a '' Federal Supreme Court '' to be called the High Court of Australia , and such other federal courts as Parliament creates , and in such other courts as Parliament invests with federal jurisdiction .
The buoy 's lowest pressure reading was 989 mb\/hPa .
Elizabeth Cleghorn Gaskell , née Stevenson -LRB- 29 September 1810 12 November 1865 -RRB- , often referred to simply as Mrs. Gaskell , was an English novelist and short story writer during the Victorian era .
He ruled the country from January 2002 until his death in August 2008 .
Mathematics is used throughout the world as an essential tool in many fields , including natural science , engineering , medicine , and the social sciences .
Claudio Daniel HusaÃ n -LRB- born 20 November 1974 -RRB- is an Argentine footballer .
In folklore Many members of the Carlist military forces of the 19th and 20th centuries in Spain wore detentes or amulets with an image of the Sacred Heart .
Wooley performed additional vocal elements , including the screams for a man being bitten by an alligator .
Freshwater mussel species inhabit lakes , ponds , rivers , creeks , canals , grouped in a different subclass , despite some very superficial similarities in appearance .
Thus , while the outcome of any particular hand is determined mostly by chance , the long-run expectations of the players are determined by their actions chosen based on probability and psychology .
It has been translated into many languages and has been circulated all around the world .
It follows that machine translation of government and legal documents more readily produces usable output than conversation or less standardised text .
The turnover was officially made on November 11 2003 , but the cleanup was not completed .
However , if the attacker was a noble , safely ensconced in a castle -LRB- as was often the case -RRB- , the town commune could not muster the forces to attack him directly ; instead they might attack the noble 's family , burn his crops , kill his serfs , or destroy his orchards in retribution .
It likely corresponds to the word Breton , which is French for Brittany .
Belmonte succeeds in abducting Konstanze , but when Pedrillo is about to escape with Blonde , they are caught by Osmin -LRB- Aria : '' Ho , how I will triumph '' -RRB- , and Belmonte and Konstanze are also brought back by the guard .
Crustaceans -LRB- Crustacea -RRB- form a very large group of arthropods , usually treated as a subphylum , which includes such familiar animals as crabs , lobsters , crayfish , shrimp , krill and barnacles .
She is very fond of cars and owns 3 Aston Martins , a Land Rover , a Range Rover and a London Taxi -LRB- which she uses in Ghosthunting with ... -RRB- .
Seventh Son won a Locus Award and was nominated for both the Hugo and World Fantasy Awards in 1988 .
They ceased to be used for census reporting in 1841 .
Trough -LRB- geology -RRB- , a long depression less steep than a trench
The Grimsby & Immingham Electric Railway was an electric tramway linking Grimsby with the port of Immingham in Lincolnshire , England .
This statement documents that with limited fire safety benefit , these flame retardants can cause serious health issues and as types of flame retardants are banned , the alternatives should be proven safe before being used . The group also wants to change widespread policies that require use of flame retardants .
The album is a departure from the sound on their previous album A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out .
Microsoft FrontPage -LRB- full name Microsoft Office FrontPage -RRB- is a WYSIWYG HTML editor and web site administration tool from Microsoft for the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems .
In November 1996 the Spice Girls released Spice in Europe .
A young female that has had only one calf is occasionally called a first-calf heifer .
Sanghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In addition , the soap reduces evaporation , making the bubbles last longer , but this effect is relatively small .
Today , this fragmented relic range extends from India in the west to China and Southeast Asia in the east .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , working on its Raw brand .
He loves to make the citizens ' lives miserable by creating strange rules and regulations .
Carlos Irwin Estevez -LRB- born September 3 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Charlie Sheen , is an American film and television actor .
She became famous for dancing in the band É o Tchan !
Its de facto capital is Valletta and the largest city is Birkirkara .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman , et al . in 2003 .
In 1882 , its grounds became the location for a famous murder .
The Mozilla Public License -LRB- MPL -RRB- is a free and open source software license .
Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine , radium , and radon .
Heinz Gerstinger studied history and dramatics at the University of Vienna .
He was also a first Team All-Star , a starter in the NHL All-Star Game , and a finalist for the Hart Trophy again .
Carbon atoms may have different numbers of neutrons ; atoms of the same element having different numbers of neutrons are known as isotopes of the element .
In 2001 , Time Magazine named Hahn as '' America 's Best '' young classical musician .
Final property damage in the United States was $ 6.8 billion , making this the 13th costliest hurricane in U.S. history .
The San Jose State Spartans is the name of the athletic teams representing San Jose State University .
Eugowra is known for its granite , with more than 2000 slabs of local granite used in the new Parliament House , Canberra in Canberra .
For other uses of the word , see Varuna -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- 20000 Varuna is a large classical Kuiper Belt object -LRB- KBO -RRB- and a potential dwarf planet .
Dole was the Republican party nominee in the presidential election of 1996 , but he lost to incumbent Democrat Bill Clinton .
Kreuzlingen is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The film was released on May 26 , 2006 in the United States and Canada .
When the Black Death bubonic plague reached al-Andalus in the 14th century , Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by '' minute bodies '' which enter the human body and cause disease .
On either side of the chancel are complementary paintings of the Angel Gabriel and the Virgin Mary , depicting the Annunciation .
to ECW as part of the 2007 WWE Draft , after losing a match to Bobby Lashley .
October 22 & ndash ; Ludovico Sforza becomes Duke of Milan , and starts a chain of events that leads to the First Italian War .
His father , Alexander George von Humboldt , was a major in the Prussian Army and belonged to a prominent Pomeranian family and was rewarded for his services during the Seven Years ' War with the post of Royal Chamberlain .
Bode is a city in Humboldt County , Iowa , United States .
On the fourteenth day of the infection , biopsies of Marshall 's stomach did not reveal any bacteria , so spontaneous eradication may have occurred .
Naturalized United States citizen He was married to Veronica Pershina .
He was educated at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , 1972 -- 1979 , in both mathematics and economics .
Fluminense Football Club is a sports club based in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
His early life was not marked by righteousness -- on the contrary , he was a thief , a liar and a gambler .
It can also be said that 42 is divisible by 7 , 42 is a multiple of 7 , 7 divides 42 , or 7 is a factor of 42 .
After receiving his degree as an accountant , Grillo became a comedian by chance , improvising a monologue in an audition .
Rather than focusing on the I Ching like other Neo-Confucians , he chose to emphasize the Four Books : the Great Learning , the Doctrine of the Mean , the Analects of Confucius , and the Mencius as the core curriculum for aspiring scholar officials .
It is the home of Yorkshire County Cricket Club , rugby league team Leeds Rhinos and rugby union team Leeds Carnegie -LRB- formerly known as Leeds Tykes -RRB- .
Physics Today July 2002 Goethe 's concern was not so much with the analytic measurement of colour phenomenon , as with the qualities of how phenomena are perceived .
The 7 July 2005 London bombings , also known as 7\/7 , were a series of coordinated suicide attacks on London 's public transport system during the morning rush hour .
Tensions sometimes ran high between the settlers and the '' Vandemonians '' as they were termed , particularly during the Victorian gold rush when a flood of settlers from Van Diemen 's Land rushed to the Victorian gold fields .
In 1972 , the formula was changed to increase power by permitting 2.0 L production-based enginesâ '' Cosworth BDs and BMW four-cylinder engines dominated the early years , with BMW-powered Marches gradually establishing dominance .
The early leaders of the Muslim nation following Muhammad 's -LRB- 570 -- 632 -RRB- death were called '' Khalifat Rasul Allah '' , means the political successors to the messenger of God -LRB- referring to Muhammad -RRB- .
Fishermen have also begun using plastic bait and , more recently , electronic lures , to attract fish .
According to Galen , these elements were used by Hippocrates in describing the human body with an association with the four humours : yellow bile -LRB- fire -RRB- , black bile -LRB- earth -RRB- , blood -LRB- air -RRB- , and phlegm -LRB- water -RRB- .
The distinctive Scottsdale City Hall was designed by architect Bennie Gonzales in 1968 , and was designed with an interior kiva for community meetings .
Karthikeyan made his NASCAR debut at Martinsville Speedway on 27 March 2010 driving in the Kroger 250 Camping World Truck Series for Wyler Racing in the # 60 Safe Auto Insurance Company Chevrolet Silverado .
He was known as a master showman , and as one of the most dynamic singers and performers in R&B and rock history .
The official Fujita scale category is determined by meteorologists -LRB- and engineers -RRB- after a ground and\/or aerial damage survey ; and depending on the circumstances , ground-swirl patterns -LRB- cycloidal marks -RRB- , radar tracking , eyewitness testimonies , media reports and damage imagery , as well as photogrammetry\/videogrammetry if motion picture recording is available .
From 1950 to 1954 Krips was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra .
For the simple electric dipole given above , the electric dipole moment would point from the negative charge towards the positive charge , and have a magnitude equal to the strength of each charge times the separation between the charges .
The term '' rheumatism '' is still used in colloquial speech and historical contexts , but is no longer frequently used in medical or technical literature ; there is no longer any recognized disorder simply called '' rheumatism . ''
Nightwish is a symphonic metal band from Kitee , Finland , formed in 1996 by songwriter and keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen , guitarist Emppu Vuorinen , and former vocalist Tarja Turunen .
La Penne-sur-Huveaune is a commune east of Marseille and west of Aubagne along the A50 autoroute in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
The community was named for Mirabeau B. Lamar , the second president of the Republic of Texas .
The concept was famously used by Kurt Gödel for the proof of his incompleteness theorem .
Saltwater or estuarine crocodile -LRB- Crocodylus porosus -RRB- is the largest of all living reptiles .
1993 & ndash ; North Korea nuclear weapons program : North Korea says that it plans to withdraw from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and refuses to allow inspectors access to its nuclear sites .
Mutations are caused by radiation , viruses , transposons and mutagenic chemicals , as well as errors that occur during meiosis or DNA replication .
This is really the source of all the properties of the exponential function , and the basic reason for its importance in applications ... '' - p. 448 of Courant and Robbins , What is mathematics ?
His father , James , was a member of the Sandemanian sect of Christianity .
She was not prominently featured until March 26 , 2003 , when she teamed with Amazing Red as part of his feud against Kid Kash -- the X Division Champion -- and Trinity .
Abiogenesis is a science that studies how life on Earth came to be from organic inorganic -LRB- and inanimate -RRB- modecules .
Uzhhorod Raion -LRB- , -RRB- is one of the raions -LRB- districts -RRB- of Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine .
The phrase '' Civil liberties '' was used by John Milton in Areopagatica -LRB-/O1644/O-RRB- .
The United States is the second-leading producer , with more than 7.5 % of world production .
The story is about a girl and her brother who run away from home to live in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art and discover what they think is a lost treasure .
It is one of the games in Super Mario All-Stars .
Medeglia is a former municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Arjen Robben , -LRB- born 23 May 1984 in Bedum , Groningen -RRB- is a Dutch footballer who plays for Real Madrid .
Like progressive rock songs , progressive metal songs are usually much longer than standard metal songs , and they are often thematically linked in concept albums .
The capital is the city of Kagoshima .
Plautus in Performance : The Theatre of the Mind .
A Nun is a woman who has taken special vows committing her to a religious life .
Maria of Portugal , Portuguese infanta -LRB- d. 1357 -RRB-
Stonehenge is a prehistoric monument located in the English county of Wiltshire , about west of Amesbury and north of Salisbury .
Ambler Thompson and Barry N. Taylor , -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- , Guide for the Use of the International System of Units -LRB- SI -RRB- , -LRB- Special publication 811 -RRB- , Gaithersburg , MD : National Institute of Standards and Technology , p. 3 , footnote 2 .
Other notable discoveries include 60558 Echeclus , 5145 Pholus , 20000 Varuna , 9965 GNU , , and .
The fauna was dominated by tiered communities of suspension feeders , mainly with short food chains ; this said , the ecological system reached a new grade of complexity far beyond that of the Cambrian fauna , which has persisted until the present day .
Juan Antonio SeÃ or GÃ mez -LRB- born 26 August 1958 in Madrid -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Potassium nitrate is an efficient oxidizer , which produces a lilac flame upon burning due to the presence of potassium .
Currently is attending at Sungshin Women 's University but she postponed going to university in order to concentrate on her career .
The band consists of Chris Thile -LRB- mandolin -RRB- , Gabe Witcher -LRB- fiddle\/violin -RRB- , Chris Eldridge -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Paul Kowert -LRB- bass -RRB- , and Noam Pikelny -LRB- banjo -RRB- .
The hills between the valleys of Kammel and the neighboring valleys of Günz and Mindel are covered with forest .
It is possible , if unlikely , that continued selection pressure could bring about a complete absence of tusks in African elephants . The effect of tuskless elephants on the environment , and on the elephants themselves , could be dramatic .
Dominique Strauss-Kahn -LRB- ; born 25 April 1949 -RRB- , often referred to as DSK , is a French economist , lawyer , and politician , member of the Socialist Party -LRB- PS -RRB- .
The lens is usually mounted in a frame with a handle -LRB- see image -RRB- .
Following that apparition , St James returned to Judea , where he was beheaded by King Herod Agrippa I in the year 44 during a Passover -LRB- Nisan 15 -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- .
She then set sail into the largely uncharted ocean to the south , stopping at the Pacific islands of Huahine , Borabora , and Raiatea to allow Cook to claim them for Great Britain .
Behaviour Hourglass Dolphins tend to move in groups of about 5-10 .
The former is a compound word Zeeshan , and the latter is two words Zee and Shan .
In the United Kingdom , '' Say It Right '' was issued as a digital download without the accompaniment of a physical release .
Book of Isaiah , Ecclesiastes , Source Original usage from Odes 1.11 , in Latin and English : Tu ne quaesieris , scire nefas , quem mihi , quem tibi Do n't ask -LRB- it 's forbidden to know -RRB- what final fate the gods have finem di dederint , Leuconoe , nec Babylonios what end the gods will give me or you , Leuconoe .
The United Soccer Leagues First Division -LRB- usually referred to as simply USL-1 -RRB- is a professional men 's soccer league in the United States and Puerto Rico , although historically teams from Canada have also played in the league .
The ratio of axes of the Bianca 's prolate spheroid is 0.7 Â 0.2 .
New Hampshire -LRB- -RRB- is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States of America .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia -LRB- present-day znik in Turkey -RRB- by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
North Chicago , Illinois is located at .
In real-time operating systems , interrupt latency is the time between the generation of an interrupt by a device and the servicing of the device which generated the interrupt .
The edible dormouse or fat dormouse -LRB- Glis glis -RRB- is a small dormouse and the only species in the genus Glis .
This is the most common form of polygamy .
Stories depict them as intelligent beings and as possessing magical abilities that increase with their age and wisdom .
Xfce -LRB- pronounced as four individual letters -RRB- is a free software desktop environment for Unix and other Unix-like platforms , such as Linux , Solaris and BSD .
Gazelles are known as swift animals some are able to maintain speeds as high as for extended periods of time .
Guest Starring : James Marsden as Eddie November 3 , 1993 02 Smoke Gets in Your Lies Brighton seeks popularity at school .
Lucas Tucci di Grassi -LRB- born 11 August 1984 in São Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver .
Saint-Laurent-de-Condel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Grangeville is a city in and the county seat of Idaho County , Idaho , United States , in the north central part of the state .
The character Frasier Crane -LRB- played by Kelsey Grammer -RRB- was featured in his own successful spin-off , Frasier , which also ran for eleven seasons and included guest appearances by all of the major , and some minor , Cheers characters , except for Kirstie Alley and the deceased Nicholas Colasanto .
His father 's maternal grandmother , Marie Louise de Pfeffel , was a descendant of Prince Paul of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg through his relationship with a German actress .
In 1838 the sisters became the first women to address a meeting of the Massachusetts state legislature , when they spoke about slavery and abolitionism .
Guitar , harmonica and cigar box guitar are the dominant instruments used , with slide guitar -LRB- usually on the steel guitar -RRB- being a hallmark of the style .
The fur of most species is brownish in colour , often with a white underbelly , but many other patterns exist , especially in the cricetine and arvicoline subfamilies .
It was essentially coincident with the Permianâ '' Triassic extinction event , which is estimated to have killed 90 % of species existing at the time .
Glarus -LRB- German : ; ; ; -RRB- is the capital of the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
The club is also in advanced talks with Manchester City Council to renegotiate the lease on the stadium .
In the satirical British television program Yes Minister , Jim Hacker MP is told an old joke by his Private Secretary Bernard Woolley about what the various post-nominals stand for .
It was created in 1994 and was adopted for statistics from 1999 .
However , the early fossil record is poor because the first Passeriformes were apparently on the small side of the present size range , and their delicate bones did not preserve well .
He was found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity and executed on October 16 , 1946 .
Since its inception under Harry S. Truman , the function of the Council has been to advise and assist the president on national security and foreign policies .
Sociology Dark blue represents knowledge , power , integrity , and seriousness .
In mathematics , a theorem is a statement which has been proven on the basis of previously established statements , such as other theorems , and previously accepted statements , such as axioms .
Thousands of glass panes in downtown skyscrapers were shattered by gravel blown off rooftops .
Clérambault came from a musical family -LRB- his father and two of his sons were also musicians -RRB- .
Hull had 95 % of its houses damaged or destroyed , making it the most severely bombed British city or town , apart from London , during World War II .
This article is about the historical subregion in Eurasia .
Jens Johnnie Pulver -LRB- born December 6 , 1974 -RRB- is an American mixed martial artist -LRB- MMA -RRB- .
The population was 8,987 at the 2000 census .
The latest JNLR/MRBI radio listenership survey shows that Midwest Radio are by far the most popular radio station in Connacht with a market-share of 52.2 % .
Following is a listing of commonly used video game genres with brief descriptions and examples of each .
In the process of trying to get to the di Angelos , Dr. Thorn -LRB- who is a manticore -RRB- attempts to kidnap Percy , Bianca , and Nico .
Their music is most often classified as alternative rock , Breaking Benjamin at MTVBreaking Benjamin at MusicmightBreaking Benjamin at IGN and post-grunge .
Vertheuil is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Always -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a boxed set of four CDs , spanning her whole career and containing rare recordings .
-LRB- Eds . -RRB-
Abdun Nabi Sarai was appointed governor by Timur Shah Durrani , but three years later it was included in the governorship of Muhammad Khan Sadozai , who transferred his seat of government to Mankera .
The Monarch is more orange , has heavier black-lined veins , and the underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color .
At the height of its power , it included central Anatolia , the Levant , Mesopotamia , Persia , today 's Turkmenistan , Pamir and parts of Pakistan .
William Jefferson Hague -LRB- born 26 March 1961 -RRB- is a British Conservative politician .
Many are plants of hot humid lowland areas , but the majority are tropical montane plants , receiving warm days but cool to cold humid nights year round .
PÃ re David 's Deer , Elaphurus davidianus , also known as the Milu , is a species of deer known only in captivity .
\* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \*
However , Great West Football Conference members North Dakota State and South Dakota State were asked to submit information about themselves and to attend the conference presidents ' meeting .
Michaels then climbed on the top of the ladder and executed a diving elbow drop .
Diego de Souza Gama Silva , or simply Diego -LRB- born March 22 , 1984 -RRB- , is a Brazilian midfielder .
Just '' Justo '' Fontaine -LRB- born 18 August 1933 in Marrakech , Morocco -RRB- is a former French football player whose father was Moroccan and mother was Spanish .
, -LRB- in -RRB- sometimes referred to as Daqiqi -LRB- also Dakiki , Daghighi , -RRB- , was an early PersianAnnemarie Schimmel , A two-colored brocade : the imagery of Persian poetry , University of North Carolina Press , 1992 , ISBN 0807820504 , p. 116 poet from TusZabihullah Safa \/O/ Tarikh-e adabiat-e Iran \/O/ P409 in Iran or in BalkhDaqiqi is always known as Daqiqi Balkhi .
Loretta Purdy Spencer was the mayor of Huntsville , Alabama .
Year 1499 -LRB- MCDXCIX -RRB- was a common year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
During its early history , Overijssel was formerly known as Oversticht and also included much of modern-day Drenthe .
Robbery Under Arms , by Thomas Alexander Browne -LRB- writing as Rolf Boldrewood -RRB- was published in serial form in the Sydney Mail from 1882 to 1883 .
Scientific notation , also known as standard form or as exponential notation , is a way of writing numbers that accommodates values too large or small to be conveniently written in standard decimal notation .
A miniseries -LRB- also mini-series -RRB- , in a serial storytelling medium , is a production which tells a story in a planned limited number of episodes .
At the same time , Hannibal tried to break the allegiance of Romeâ s allies by proving that Flaminius was powerless to protect them . Despite this , Flaminius remained passively encamped at Arretium .
With a total length of 143 k , it is the longest river on KyÅ '' shÅ '' . It flows from Mount Aso and empties into the Ariake Sea .
Rediscovery and excavation Moenjo-daro was built around 2600 BC and abandoned around 1900 BC .
They are located in Nashville , Tennessee , and are named for the city 's association with the music industry .
Mixing nominally equal proportions of the additive primaries results in shades of grey or white ; the color space that is generated is called an RGB color space .
In this region , the roe of rohu is also considered a delicacy and is eaten fried or as a stuffing within a fried pointed gourd to make potoler dolma .
Fauguernon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Georgia Institute of Technology , commonly called Georgia Tech , Tech , and GT , is a public , coeducational research university in Atlanta , Georgia in the United States .
Of the seven , only four fully served their sentences ; the remaining three , Neurath , Raeder , and Funk , having been released earlier due to ill health .
ArmeniaPedia , May 22 , 1924 , Paris -RRB- is an Armenian-French singer , songwriter , actor , public activist and diplomat .
Portions of the film were shot at the Parthenon in Nashville , Tennessee , that has a full-scale replica of the original Parthenon in Athens .
Eros is one of the few NEAs with a maximum diameter greater than 10 km .
Many works within the genre take place in fictional worlds where magic is common .
She was a local deity whose cult was centred in the city of Bubastis , now Tell Basta , which lay in the Delta near what is known as Zagazig today .
After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy , London began competing for Ring of Honor , where although he never won a title , began being popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves .
It was the creation of Australian film music recording producers Philip Powers and James McCarthy , both of whom were previously Director of Music at the Australian government filmmaking organisation Film Australia .
It is often considered a branch of political science -LRB- especially after 1988 UNESCO nomenclature -RRB- , but an important sector of academia prefer to treat it as an interdisciplinary field of study .
Its capital is Maebashi .
Judges serve for nine year terms and may be re-elected for up to two further terms .
The Greek language holds an important place in the histories of Europe , the more loosely defined '' Western '' world , and Christianity ; the canon of ancient Greek literature includes works of monumental importance and influence for the future Western canon , such as the epic poems Iliad and Odyssey .
According to Tertullian and other writers of the mainstream Church -LRB- which scholars refer to as Proto-orthodox Christianity -RRB- , the movement known as Marcionism began with the teachings and excommunication of Marcion from the Early centers of Christianity Catholic Church around 144 .
The Little Ice Age -LRB- LIA -RRB- was a period of cooling occurring after a warmer North Atlantic era known as the Medieval Warm Period .
Patch and Lucky are present , but the Cadpig is not , except for the resuscitation scene where she is unnamed .
Estimates are that only about a third of cases of domestic violence are actually reported in the United States and the United Kingdom .
Cerny-l Ã s-Bucy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The medieval page In medieval times , a page was an attendant to a knight ; an apprentice squire .
The National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- Conference Finals are the Eastern Conference and Western Conference championship series of the NHL .
Paramore traveled back to Orlando , Florida , but shortly after arriving , Jeremy Davis left the band , citing personal reasons .
It takes place two years after the events of the game and set in a new city named Edge .
The Salt Marsh Moth or Acrea Moth -LRB- Estigmene acrea -RRB- is a North American moth in the family Arctiidae .
A camping site near McKillops Bridge provides an excellent site for swimming , launching canoes and rafting through the rugged gorges downstream , or the start for the 18km Silver Mine Walking Track and the short Snowy River Trail .
Consequently Euphrosyne is never visible with binoculars , having a maximum magnitude at the best possible opposition of around +10.2 , which is actually fainter than any of the thirty asteroids previously discovered .
Roy Hodgson -LRB- born 9 August 1947 in Croydon , England -RRB- is a former English footballer and current manager of West Bromwich Albion .
CentOS
A warm front is defined as the leading edge of an advancing mass of warm air ; it separates warm air from the colder air ahead .
American Samoa -LRB- or -RRB- is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the South Pacific Ocean , southeast of the sovereign state of Samoa , formerly known as Western Samoa .
The Stems , an Australian garage rock\/power pop group from the 1980s
Lone Oak is an unincorporated community in McCracken County , Kentucky , United States .
His performance in Good Morning , Vietnam -LRB-/O1987/O-RRB- got Williams nominated for an Academy Award .
Gloria De Piero -LRB- L -RRB-
Flannelette can either have long or short nap , and can be napped on one or two sides .
Since then , the number and types of shops have increased at certain stations , turning them into miniature shopping centres .
The board is marked with '' premium '' squares , which multiply the number of points awarded : dark red '' triple-word '' squares , pink '' double-word '' squares , dark blue '' triple-letter '' squares , and light blue '' double-letter '' squares -LRB- In 2008 , Hasbro changed the colors of the premiums squares to orange for TW , red for DW , blue for DL , and green for TL -RRB- .
In 1877 Bennett used the word symbiosis -LRB- which previously had been used of people living together in community -RRB- to describe the mutualistic relationship in lichens Oxford English Dictionary , symbiosis .
He was born into a farming family on 3 March 1940 in Braughing , Hertfordshire , England .
High resolution spectrum of solar radiation from Observatoire de Paris Measuring Solar Radiation : A lesson plan from the National Science Digital Library .
Louis Daniel Armstrong -LRB- August 4 , 1901 â '' July 6 , 1971 -RRB- , nicknamed Satchmo or Pops , was an American jazz trumpeter and singer from New Orleans , Louisiana .
The land border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti , which occupies the western one-third of the island , is 388 km long .
Hamilton 's mother , Carmen Larbalestier -LRB- now married as Carmen Lockhart -RRB- , is white British , while his father , Anthony Hamilton , is black British , making him mixed-raced , -LRB- Anthony Hamilton 's parents emigrated from Grenada to the United Kingdom in the 1950s -RRB- .
At this point , aged 74 , he had amassed over 65,000 specimens .
In Formula One , where until 1960 drivers were awarded a point for setting fastest lap , Michael Schumacher holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 76 .
Powell went up to Balliol College , Oxford to read history during the autumn of 1923 .
The British Empire gained control over the island in 1878 , with Nicosia serving as the capital of the new British possession .
Many early television networks -LRB- e.g. the BBC , NBC or CBS -RRB- evolved from earlier radio networks .
The human spinal cord is divided into 31 different segments .
Wistert had a short cup of coffee in Major League Baseball , appearing in three games for the Cincinnati Reds between September 11 , 1934 and September 25 , 1934 .
It was recognized as the world 's longest running sports television magazine .
He was known to his contemporaries as Fra Giovanni da Fiesole -LRB- Brother John from Fiesole -RRB- and by Vasari as Fra Giovanni Angelico -LRB- Brother Giovanni the Angelic One -RRB- .
Écorpain is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
The Mexican Fritillary -LRB- Euptoieta hegesia -RRB- is a North and South American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
In the Gregorian calendar , it will be the 2013th year of the Common Era , or of Anno Domini ; the 13th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 4th of the 2010s decade .
On the January 12 edition of ECW , however , Tatsu was not able to win the battle royal when he was eliminated by Kane . At the Royal Rumble Tatsu competed in his first Royal Rumble match , but was eliminated by John Cena .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 6,595 and , as of 2006 , was estimated to be 6,905 .
The Law of Succession is introduced in Norway .
Recycling involves processing used materials -LRB- waste -RRB- into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials , reduce the consumption of fresh raw materials , reduce energy usage , reduce air pollution -LRB- from incineration -RRB- and water pollution -LRB- from landfilling -RRB- by reducing the need for '' conventional '' waste disposal , and lower greenhouse gas emissions as compared to virgin production .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 -LRB- M -RRB- which continues to Glasgow .
Originally created by the company Aldus for use with what was then called '' desktop publishing '' , the TIFF format is widely supported by image-manipulation applications , by publishing and page layout applications , by scanning , faxing , word processing , optical character recognition and other applications .
STEM fields , science , technology , engineering , and mathematics , as collective fields of study
18 September -- Battle of Savra : Serbian forces under Bal a II and Ivani Mrnjav evi are defeated by Ottoman commander Hayreddin Pasha near Berat .
Over 210,000 people were affected by floods on June 12 alone causing for major damage.EM-DAT 's Jamaica Page Economic damages totalled out to $ 27 million -LRB- 1979 USD - $ 75 million in 2006 USD -RRB- with forty people killed .1979 Monthly Weather ReviewMANAGING NATURAL HAZARDS IN JAMAICA
Production of this model ceased in 1965 .
Nérigean is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In '' Regarding Margie '' -LRB- season 17 , 2006 -RRB- , Homer mentioned that Marge was his age , meaning she could have been anywhere between 36 and 40 .
Asclepias amplexicaulis -LRB- Blunt-leaved Milkweed , Clasping Milkweed -RRB- is a species of milkweed , in the subfamily AsclepiadaceaeAsclepias amplexicaulis at USDA PLANTS Database , which is cited as a wildflower native to the United States Asclepias amplexicaulis at Wildflowers and Grasses of Kansas , mostly found in Central and Eastern areas and grown in the spring time .
She was one of the presenters on the long-running British consumer affairs series , Watchdog , from 1993 to 2001 but has since gained notoriety as the hostess of the BBC television game show The Weakest Link which has earned her the nickname '' Queen of Mean '' .
Fonda was born in New York City , New York , the only son of actor Henry Fonda and his wife Frances Ford Seymour ; he is the younger brother of actress Jane Fonda .
Adelomyrmex boltoni has been discovered on 1982-10-25 by F. Baud in Paraguay and described by Fernandez , F. in 2003 .
The two largest , Jupiter and Saturn , are composed mainly of hydrogen and helium ; the two outermost planets , Uranus and Neptune , are composed largely of ices , such as water , ammonia and methane , and are often referred to separately as '' ice giants '' .
After forming over the Arafura Sea , the storm moved upward and affected the city with Category 4 winds on the Australian cyclone intensity scale , while there is evidence to suggest that it had reached Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale when it made landfall .
Iacobeni is a commune located in Suceava County in the Bukovina region of northern Romania .
Xue was also involved in the defense of greater Wuhan , Wuhan , 1938 , Stephen R. MacKinnon , Robert Capa , p27 , accessed July 2009 commanding the 1st Army Corps .
The ending also reprises the arpeggiated guitar motif from the end of that track , similar to the figure featured prominently in the George Harrison written tracks '' Here Comes the Sun '' and '' Badge '' -LRB- co-written by Harrison and Eric Clapton -RRB- .
Recording for the album began in late 1966 and early 1967 with two songs , '' Strawberry Fields Forever '' and '' Penny Lane '' .
Risotto is a traditional Italian rice dish .
Semi-presidential systems A third system is the semi-presidential system , also known as the French system , in which like the Parliamentary system there is both a president and a prime minister , but unlike the parliamentary system , the president may have significant day-to-day power .
The President also asks Americans to observe a moment of silence beginning at 8:46 A.M. -LRB- Eastern Daylight Time -RRB- , the time the first plane struck the North Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 .
Oxidation reactions can produce free radicals .
With digital cameras the actual image size is rarely stated , so that the magnification ratio is largely irrelevant ; cameras instead advertise their closest focusing distance .
It failed to chart the Billboard Hot 100 , however , it managed to peak at # 62 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart .
The band often performs more than 300 times each year and holds long global tours , most of which last more than a year .
It contains a total of 29 riders , 9 physiotherapists or nurses , 9 mechanics and service persons , and has 22 partners .
A film director , or filmmaker is a person who directs the making or production of a film .
As reasoning creatures , people could gain happiness by rigorous training and by living in a way which was natural for humans .
Sir Edward Cuthbert Bairstow was born in Huddersfield on 22 August 1874 and died in York on 1 May 1946 . He was an English organist and composer in the Anglican church music tradition .
Gold 's theory is that flow of food is due to out-gassing of primordial methane from the Earth 's mantle ; more conventional explanations of the food supply of deep microbes -LRB- away from sedimentary carbon compounds -RRB- is that the organisms subsist on hydrogen released by an interaction between water and -LRB- reduced -RRB- iron compounds in rocks .
For the similarly-titled work by Antonio Vivaldi , see The Four Seasons -LRB- Vivaldi -RRB- .
0 -- A point is a hypercube of dimension zero .
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon are considered to be one of the original Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
He is currently signed with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , but is inactive due to an injury .
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode -LRB- class file -RRB- that can run on any Java Virtual Machine -LRB- JVM -RRB- regardless of computer architecture .
John Foster Dulles -LRB- February 25 , 1888 -- May 24 , 1959 -RRB- served as U.S. Secretary of State under President Dwight D. Eisenhower from 1953 to 1959 .
Feudal society began to break down as Mongol invaders broke through frontier areas in Europe and growing trade with other regions brought Black Death to first southern and then most of Europe .
ISBN 1-886411-97-2Draft versions available online as PDF and HTML Peter Norton , John Socha , Peter Norton 's Assembly Language Book for the IBM PC , Brady Books , NY : 1986 .
Livingstone sought re-election in 2008 , but was defeated by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson on a night that saw a huge swing against Labor right across Britain .
The importance of such industry is still seen in the town in the present day in companies such as MÃ rklin and Schuler .
Aschenbach , a famous German novelist , is weary and opens the opera bemoaning the fading of his artistic inspiration .
This article is about Every Little Thing , the Japanese band .
In other countries this is usually called the '' toilet '' or alternatively '' water closet '' -LRB- WC -RRB- , lavatory or '' loo '' .
Benalla has a horse racing club , the Benalla Racing Club , which schedules around eleven race meetings a year including the Benalla Cup meeting in early October .
Usually the spaces or hyphens between words are ignored .
Batista became aware of the plot while eavesdropping on fellow Evolution members and signed a contract guaranteeing him a match with World Champion Triple H at WrestleMania , thus leaving Evolution and officially turning into a fan favorite .
Shamozai is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
Sir Christopher Wren -LRB- 20 October 1632 25 February 1723 -RRB- was a 17th century English designer , astronomer , geometer , mathematician-physicist and one of the greatest English architects in history .
Most hunt small vertebrates with a combination of keen eyesight and hearing , gliding and circling low over grasslands and marshes on their long broad wings .
The species are native to southeast Europe , southern Asia , Australasia , the islands of the Pacific Ocean and western South America .
A debugger is a computer program that is used to test and debug other programs -LRB- the '' target '' program -RRB- .
Sexual fetishism may be regarded , e.g. in psychiatric medicine , as a disorder of sexual preference or as an enhancing element to a relationship causing a better sexual bond between the partners .
It is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville , in Lee County , by the confluence of the North , Middle and South Forks at about 670 feet -LRB- 204 m -RRB- elevation , and flows generally northwest , in a highly meandering course through the mountains , through the Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
Théorique et pratique de la boxe française , Joseph Charlemont , 1878 .
The lemon is both a small evergreen tree -LRB- Citrus × limon , often given as C. limon -RRB- native to Asia and the tree 's oval yellow fruit .
John Wilkes Booth -LRB- May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 -RRB- was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
America 's Got Talent Osbourne joined the judging panel on the second series of America 's Got Talent , along with Piers Morgan and David Hasselhoff , replacing the singer Brandy .
Germans - 0.19 %
Boiler Suit , Guy 's Approaches , Guy 's & St Thomas ' Hospital , London
July 18 & ndash ; Adolf Hitler publishes his personal manifesto Mein Kampf .
It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -LRB- LDS Church -RRB- , and is America 's largest religious university and fourth-largest private university .
' is a historical province -LRB- landskap -RRB- in southern Sweden .
Resident Evil 5 became the fastest-selling game in the franchise in the United Kingdom , additionally becoming the biggest Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 game launch to date in the region .
Then in 1860 the Chinese and British governments signed the Convention of Peking , a diplomatic agreement that subjects of the Chinese and British Empires would have reciprocal rights under their respective countries ' laws .
The show also received an Environmental Media Award for '' The Problem With Popplers '' .
Robert Christgau link
à 3\/4 à à 3\/4 -RRB- meaning '' star '' is the second of the Dasa -LRB- ten -RRB- Mahavidyas or '' Great Wisdom -LRB- goddesses -RRB- '' , Tantric manifestations of Mahadevi , Kali , or Parvati .
Mount Chamberlin , 9020 ft -LRB- 2,749 m -RRB- , is the highest peak in the range .
A mechanical bull , also known as a Rodeo Bull or Bucking Bronco is a machine that replicates the sensation of riding a bucking animal , such as a rodeo bull or horse .
A day earlier , Yushchenko 's former ally turned rival , Yulia Tymoshenko , took up the mantle as leader of the democratic opposition . But Yushchenko warned that her leadership will end in disaster '' Every political force that united with Tymoshenko ended badly '' .
James Gaskell born 20 May , 1990 in Crewe , England is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
MiG-29 '' Fulcrum '' , 1983 , comparable to the US F-16 Fighting Falcon and F\/A -18 Hornet
The LVs can be grown or shrunk by concatenating more LEs from or returning them to the pool .
An additional impact date in 2037 was also identified ; the impact probability for that encounter was calculated as 1 in 12.3 million .
The Dreamcast -LRB- Japanese : Dor mukyasuto -RRB- is a video game console made by Sega , and is the successor to the Sega Saturn .
The song was also more popular than previous singles on more adult-oriented radio stations and charts .
A couple of weeks after the release of Candy , Ledger was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
Ils viennent jusque dans vos bras They come right here into your midst Égorger vos fils , vos compagnes !
Again and again their historians refer to that dreadful day ''
E vents from January , 1848 through December 1855 are generally acknowledged as the ` Gold Rush ' .
The Soviet authorities deport more than 92,000 people from the Baltics to remote areas of the Soviet Union .
Musical style and influence Willaert was one of the most versatile composers of the Renaissance , writing music in almost every extant style and form .
Tetracycline is also one of the antibiotics used to treat ulcers caused by bacterial infections .
Gruver is a city in Emmet County , Iowa , United States .
The most noticeable change to the 2005 season was its driver lineup -- only 7 drivers raced for the same team with which they began the 2004 season , another 7 drivers switched to new teams .
Togo 's Sport Minister Christophe Tchao said to the Jeune Afrique magazine that nobody in Togo had '' ever been informed of such a game '' . However on the 20th September 2010 it was revealed that former Togo manager Bana Tchanile was the culprit and the Togo FA have given him a three year ban in addition to the two year ban he got in July 2010 for taking Togo players to play a tournament in Egypt .
Suspense or tension , the feeling of uncertainty and interest about the outcome of certain actions an audience perceives
was born at Charlotte Amalie -LRB- St. Thomas -RRB- , Virgin Islands , to Abraham Gabriel Pissarro , a Portuguese Sephardic Jew , and Rachel Manzano-Pomi é , from the Dominican Republic .
The stern is the rear or aft part of a ship or boat .
The government of the French Republic is a semi-presidential system determined by the French Constitution of the fifth Republic .
A flat piece of heat-absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the latter .
U.S. Highway 78 is an east -- west United States highway that runs for 715 miles -LRB- 1,151 km -RRB- from Memphis , Tennessee , to Charleston , South Carolina .
-- -RRB-
She made her official WWE in-ring debut on June 30 against Michelle McCool and had her first pay-per-view match -LRB- a Bra and Panties match -RRB- at The Great American Bash against Torrie Wilson , winning both matches .
Iodine monochloride is the chemical compound with the formula ICl .
The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over and continued to play the character until Doctor Who 's hiatus in 1989 .
Cretaceous - Recent
Stein is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
According to traditional Rabbinic Judaism , God revealed his laws and commandments to Moses on Mount Sinai in the form of both the Written and Oral Torah .
-LRB- '' On water I was built , my walls are made of fire .
Pope Celestine V abdicated on December 13 , 1294 , at Naples , where he had established the papal court under the patronage of King Charles II of Sicily .
By capturing the excess heat , CHP uses heat that would be wasted in a conventional power plant , potentially reaching an efficiency of up to 89 % , compared with 55 % for the best conventional plants .
Saint-Péray is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France .
Jewell Junction , better known as Jewell , is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
For example , the radiation of the Sun at the Earth has a power flux density of 1,370 W/m2 , so the radiation pressure is 4.6 µPa -LRB- absorbed -RRB- -LRB- see also Climate model -RRB- .
The reason for the huge variety of shapes is not fully understood , but may be caused by gravitational interactions with companion stars if the central stars are double stars .
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a Major League Baseball club based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
It dates back to the late 13th century and at a height of 118.7 m is the tallest church building in Scandinavia .
_ Wallace
3 × UPI NFL MVP -LRB- 1959 , 1964 , 1967 -RRB-
The canton borders on Liechtenstein to the north , Austria to the north and the east , Italy to the south and southeast , and the cantons of St. Gallen to the northwest , Canton of Glarus , Uri to the west , and Ticino to the southwest .
Gene Wilder -LRB- born Jerome Silberman ; June 11 , 1933 -RRB- is an American stage and screen actor , director , screenwriter , and author .
The Battle of Fort Blair , sometimes called the Fort Baxter Massacre , or the Battle of Fort Baxter was a minor battle of the American Civil War , fought on October 6 , 1863 , near the present-day town of Baxter Springs , Kansas .
Wehrmacht -LRB- German : '' defence force '' or more literally '' defence-power '' -RRB- was the name of the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
It is a more specialized and useful wiki created to be an extensive encyclopedia of the Star Wars universe , and is almost entirely in-universe .
Dancing with the Stars is a video game based on the show Dancing with the Stars .
There is also a dust disc with a maximum temperature of 153 K located at a minimum distance of 3.4 AU from the star .
Antônio Augusto Ribeiro Reis Jr. -LRB- born 30 January 1975 in Recife -RRB- , commonly known as Juninho or Juninho Pernambucano , His nickname comes from a combination of the Brazilian diminutive '' Juninho '' which is commonly applied to any person with the name '' Junior '' and '' Pernambucano '' meaning someone born in the north-eastern Brazilian state of Pernambuco .
After retiring , Schwarzkopf taught and gave master classes around the world , notably at the Juilliard School in New York City .
Its floor space is ten thousand square meters and the ceiling is 24 meters high .
Using these regulations , stadiums are rated as category one , two , three , or four -LRB- renamed from elite -RRB- in ascending ranking order .
Annotated bibliography has a summary or annotation .
Construction for the 53.46 m -LRB- 173.39 ft -RRB- tall statue was started in 1841 , but not completed until 1875 with the help of substantial funds from the state of Prussia . It was built according to plans by the sculptor Ernst von Bandel .
Thus , one may presume that , if a person is infected with an STI , e.g. , chlamydia , gonorrhea , genital herpes , it was transmitted to him\/her by means of sexual contact .
The Tocharian empire is united under Kujula Kadphises , and becomes the Kushan Empire .
December starts on the same day of the week as September every year . December ends on the same day of the week as April every year .
Both the Eids are collectively known as Eidain -LRB- -RRB- in Arabic language .
If a male attempts to mate with her at this point , the female will attack him .
Messiah is a term used by the Jewish , Christians , and Muslims for the redeemer figure expected in one form or another by each religion .
Dangeul is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
The Yehudi Menuhin School is a specialist music school in Surrey , England .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
The last B. Dalton stores were slated to close in January 2010 .
It has an area of 27 km ² .
The number of civilians that died in the Bangladesh War is not accurately known .
In fact , water has a very slight blue color that can only be seen in large volumes .
His name is also a brand for similar movie scripts written by ghost writers and many series of non-fiction books on military subjects and merged biographies of key leaders .
This experiment was published in 1985 in the Medical Journal of Australia , and is among the most cited articles from the journal .
Chicago Symphony Solti was music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra -LRB- CSO -RRB- from 1969 until 1991 , when he was made the only Music Director Laureate in that orchestra 's history .
Le Tourneur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
This is sometimes referred to as organic material .
Muncq-Nieurlet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The bounty hunters , including Samus , receive orders to clear a computer virus from several supercomputers , called Aurora Units , located throughout the galaxy , but the meeting ends abruptly when Space Pirates attack several Federation ships . Samus and the other bounty hunters are deployed to the planet Norion , where the Space Pirates are concentrating an attack on a Federation naval base .
Fontaine-l Ã s-Croisilles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Least Skipper favors damp or wet habitats with tall grasses .
Real Valladolid Club de Fútbol , S.A.D. is a Spanish football club .
Guémappe is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Many of whom having lost their heirs , if not in the immediately preceding war then in World War I , were now paying far higher rates of tax , and agricultural incomes from the accompanying estates had dropped .
Odoacer defeats an attempt by Julius Nepos to recapture Italy , and has Julius killed .
Marriage and family The First World War altered the Trumans ' steady courtship .
It flows through Srinagar and the Wular lake before entering Pakistan through a deep narrow gorge .
Dan Gurney gave Porsche their only grand prix win at Rouen , and Cooper won their last race until 1966 .
Mint has a number of design differences from Ubuntu , including :
Ardon is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Some species can be found in Purple Moor and Rush Pastures .
In October 2008 , it was announced that Beck would join the Fox News Channel , leaving CNN Headline News . After moving to the Fox News Channel , Beck hosted Glenn Beck , beginning in January 2009 , as well as a weekend version .
Mrs. Ferrars -- Fanny Dashwood and Edward and Robert Ferrars ' mother .
Benny Benson was born in Chignik , Alaska , to a Swedish father and Aleut-Russian mother .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is an antitussive -LRB- cough suppressant -RRB- drug .
Pan 's Labyrinth -LRB- Spanish : El laberinto del fauno , literally The Faun 's Labyrinth -RRB- is a 2006 Spanish language fantasy film written and directed by Mexican film-maker Guillermo del Toro .
1864 & ndash ; Alexander Gretchaninov , Russian composer -LRB- d. 1956 -RRB-
Meltdowns that have occurred A number of Russian nuclear submarines have experienced nuclear meltdowns .
NTSC , named for the National Television System Committee , is the analog television system that is used in most of North America , most of South America -LRB- except Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , and French Guiana -RRB- , Burma , South Korea , Taiwan , Japan , the Philippines , and some Pacific island nations and territories -LRB- see map -RRB- .
Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello were the team 's drivers .
He grabbed a dove , bit its head off , then spat the head out .
Lance Corporal is a military rank , used by many armed forces worldwide , and also by some police forces and other uniformed organizations .
Stephen Appiah -LRB- born December 24 , 1980 -RRB- is a Ghanaian international football midfielder and captain of the Ghana national team .
Saint-Julien-du-Serre is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
-LRB- confirmed in 2003 -RRB-
Trenton is a city in Gilchrist County , Florida , United States .
Live from SoHo is Maroon 5 's second live album , released on March 25 as an iTunes Exclusive EP . It was recorded at the Soho Apple Store in New York .
Aston , Birmingham , England
In contrast with modern basketball nets , this peach basket retained its bottom , and balls had to be retrieved manually after each '' basket '' or point scored ; this proved inefficient , however , so the bottom of the basket was removed , allowing the balls to be poked out with a long dowel each time .
Malcom is a city in Poweshiek County , Iowa , United States .
On September 1 , 2009 , the band announced that after their live on January 4 , 2010 , at the Nippon Budokan , they will be suspending activities and put the group on a hiatus .
Family Phocoenidae : Porpoises
The film stars Laurence Fishburne and Sam Neill .
The album was recorded at Rockfield Studios , Matrix Studios , and Wessex Sound Studios with producer Ken Nelson , although the majority of Parachutes ' tracks were recorded at Liverpool 's Parr Street Studios , where they accessed three studio rooms .
The other version , also from the Tupi language , comes from the combination of kurit -LRB- pine tree -RRB- and yba -LRB- large amount -RRB- .
For his paper Die Wesensmerkmale der Staatsorganisation in rechtlicher und entwicklungsgeschichtlicher Sicht -LRB- '' Characteristics of State Organization from a Juristic and Developmental-Historical Viewpoint '' -RRB- , in 1964 he was awarded the title of professor , a title of academic distinction in Germany , and taught at the University of Munich until 1966 .
A convict is '' a person found guilty of a crime and sentenced by a court '' or '' a person serving a sentence in prison '' , sometimes referred to in slang as simply a '' con '' .
She married Theobald V , Count of Blois in 1164 .
Martin the Armenian was a settler in the Jamestown Colony in Virginia .
Environmental psychology
In 2002 , on the first anniversary of Harrison 's death , the Concert for George was held at the Royal Albert Hall ; it was organised by Eric Clapton and included performances by many of Harrison 's musical friends , including Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr .
Its largest city and county seat is Santa Rosa .
He is known in the United Kingdom and in the United States for his role as a talent judge on TV shows such as Pop Idol , The X Factor , Britain 's Got Talent , and American Idol .
American pop-orientated rock bands that followed in this vein included Electric Prunes , Strawberry Alarm Clock and Blues Magoos .
Wang Mang founds the short-lived Xin Dynasty in China -LRB- until 25 -RRB- .
It is the UK 's oldest extant symphony orchestra -LRB- and the fourth oldest in the world -RRB- , supports a choir and a youth orchestra , and releases its recordings on its own record label , though it has occasionally released recordings on Angel Records and EMI .
The Unna -LRB- -RRB- district is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in central North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Fossil remains of dwarf elephants have been found on the Mediterranean islands of Cyprus , Malta -LRB- at Ghar Dalam -RRB- , Crete , Sicily , Sardinia , the Cyclades Islands and the Dodecanese Islands .
Saint-Hippolyte is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Clancy and his first wife Wanda married in 1969 , separated briefly in 1995 , and permanently separated in December 1996 . Wanda Clancy filed for divorce in November 1998 , which became final in 1999 .
In the 2007 episode '' Utopia '' , the Doctor calls the transformed and disguised Master a genius and shows an immense admiration for his intellect before discovering his true identity .
Year 85 -LRB- LXXXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Paolo Morachiello , Fra Angelico : The San Marco Frescoes .
It is the largest independent cinema festival in the United States .
ChÃ ry-l Ã s-Pouilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Coux , Ardèche , in the Ardèche département
Olsberg , France , a village , part of the commune of Breidenbach , in the département of Moselle
Trials The twelve U.S. trials before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals -LRB- NMT -RRB- took place from December 9 , 1946 to April 13 , 1949 .
1972 & ndash ; East Pakistan renames itself Bangladesh .
Prom is short for promenade concert , a term which arose from the original practice of audience members promenading , or strolling , in some areas of the concert hall during the concert .
Notable players AFC Hall of Fame Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame following the club 's centenary celebrations in 2003 .
is a Japanese dumpling made from mochiko -LRB- rice flour -RRB- , related to mochi .
These books have were only in Ethiopic for a long time , but have recently been translated into standard English .
The Giza Necropolis stands on the Giza Plateau , on the outskirts of Cairo , Egypt .
Congressional career House of Representatives Soon after World War II ended , some Whittier Republicans approached Nixon about running for a seat in the United States House of Representatives .
It is also easy to lose these small devices , and easy for people without a right to data to take illicit backups .
L'Hermenault is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Ian and Jenn tied 2-2 , and they were still deadlocked 1-1 after a revote .
Saint-Nizier-le-D Ã sert is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He was known as the BTK killer -LRB- or the BTK strangler -RRB- , which stands for '' bind , torture and kill '' and describes his modus operandi .
While they are searching for Nick 's parents the clown has Nick in a small pouch and as they travel he tells Nick to look out at the circus and makes Nick laugh by saying that the lions are kittens and the people were ants .
When Pauli heard about the idea , he criticized it severely , noting that the electron 's hypothetical surface would have to be moving faster than the speed of light in order for it to rotate quickly enough to produce the necessary angular momentum .
In the end , Sandra beat out Lil to become the Sole Survivor in a 6-1 vote .
Federer has won a male record 16 Grand Slam singles titles .
The exile is given a single machete , a flint , a pot and a bucket of non-sanitized water .
In 1996 , Siddig and his co-star Nana Visitor became involved â '' their son , Django El Tahir El Siddig , was born on September 16 , 1996 , and the couple married on June 14 , 1997 .
The Class 37 became a familiar sight on many parts of the British Rail network , in particular forming the main motive power for Inter-City services in East Anglia and within Scotland .
directly killing an estimated 80,000 people .
Bayeux is a sub-prefecture of Calvados . It is the seat of the arrondissement of Bayeux and of the canton of Bayeux .
com , 22 September 2009 long in a harbourside location similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix and the new circuit in Valencia .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Therefore it is considered the most Silesian city , in terms of character , in Germany today .
He made his debut at Martinsville Speedway , where he started 26th and finished 33rd .
Italics Emphasis Italics are used sparingly to emphasize words in sentences -LRB- and boldface is normally not used at all for this purpose -RRB- .
Doctor Stoppage -LRB- the referee stops the match in the event that a fighter is injured via a legal blow and the ring doctor determines that he can not continue -RRB- .
The mihrab serves as the location where the imam leads the five daily prayers on a regular basis .
Drenthe was first mentioned in a document from the year 820 , it was called Pago Treanth -LRB- district Drenthe -RRB- .
Pericles promoted the arts and literature ; this was a chief reason Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural centre of the ancient Greek world .
He won the World Figure Skating Championships in 1994 , 1995 , and 1997 .
The peninsula is almost 180 by 60 miles -LRB- 300 by 100 km -RRB- , and is bordered by the Chesapeake Bay on the west , and the Delaware River , Delaware Bay , and Atlantic Ocean on the east .
As Michaels was about to submit , Triple H would save the match , beating both men , and executing his own finisher , the Pedigree , on Benoit before Michaels halted his attempt to win the match . Triple H and Michaels would subsequently team up to suplex Benoit through the announcer 's table , trying to eliminate Benoit from the match .
The Pillows -LRB- styled as the pillows -RRB- are a Japanese alternative rock band .
He volunteered for submarine service with the Kriegsmarine '' to get out of the confinement he felt as a teenager in his parents ' house '' which he considered - in a very negative way - civic Catholic lower middle class '' Katholischen Mief '' .
The first single from the album is '' Nine in the Afternoon '' .
Georgiana May , a friend of Stowe 's , wrote a letter to the author , saying , '' I was up last night long after one o'clock , reading and finishing Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
In 1916 , in the wake of the Central Powers ' invasion , the valuables of the National Bank of Romania , together with many other valuables -LRB- the Romanian Treasure -RRB- were sent to Moscow for safekeeping , but were never returned -LRB- except for the Pietroasele treasure - now on display at the National Museum of Romanian History , the numismatic collection of the National Bank , some paintings and archives -RRB- .
While the movie was criticized for its historical inaccuracies , its epic scope and intense battle scenes won wide praise and has been credited with affecting the political landscape of Siberian Russia .
The term anoxia means a total decrease in the level of oxygen , an extreme form of hypoxia or '' low oxygen '' .
The precursors of chess originated in India during the Gupta empire , Leibs -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , page 92Forbes -LRB-/O1860/O-RRB- Robinson & Estes -LRB-/O1996/O-RRB- , page34 where its early form in the 6th century was known as
Jo Kanazawa -LRB- born July 9 , 1976 in Iruma , Saitama , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for Júbilo Iwata .
The Art of Walt Disney , 2004 The Rescuers was also the company 's first major animated success since The Jungle Book and the last until The Little Mermaid .
Alternatively , to get over , some heels may do such actions as grab a fan 's hat and throw it away , or grab his sign and tear it in half .
The Latin word for singer , e.g. the main singer of a cantus
Aunay-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Sodium bromide is the most useful inorganic bromide in industry .
A few scholars , most prominently Christopher Beckwith and Roy Andrew Miller , argue that Chinese is not related to Tibeto-Burman .
Recent innovations include permanent magnet motors , machine room-less rail mounted gearless machines , and microprocessor controls .
They are used as pleasure riding , trail riding , and working ranch horses for those who are not interested in competition .
Some of the soldiers initially fired in the air , at which General Dyer shouted : '' Fire low .
She placed fourth in the long program earning 114.19 points , and finished third overall with 186.14 points behind Japanese skaters Miki Ando and Mao Asada .
The Mongolian language -LRB- in Mongolian script : Rendered in Unicode as , ; in Mongolian Cyrillic : , -RRB- is the best-known member of the Mongolic language family .
Camilla and Rebecca were discovered when they were picked out of the audience by one of the executive producers of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody at a live taping of the show .
It is a member of the Cybele group located beyond the core of the belt -LRB- see Minor planet groups -RRB- .
A subrange within the larger Ouachita Mountains that extend from Oklahoma to western Arkansas , the Kiamichi Mountains sit within Le Flore , Pushmataha , and McCurtain counties near the towns of Poteau and Albion .
-LRB- Spanish for '' Heart of tripe ! '' -RRB- .
The importance of the Indus and the Shyok rivers is in the deposition of the thick Quaternary sediments -- a treasure trove for geology researchers .
Thus , each generation of cells should be twice as numerous as the previous generation .
1939 & ndash ; Dick Scobee , American astronaut -LRB- d. 1986 -RRB-
Criminal conversion , exerting unauthorised use or control of someone else 's property
The film was nominated for three Academy Awards .
The term '' Avatar '' comes from the Indian language of Sanskrit .
During the discussions to iron out the details , one of the AFL 's founders and Kansas City Chiefs owner Lamar Hunt had jokingly referred to the proposed inter league championship as the '' Super Bowl '' .
Caló -LRB- originally Zincaló -RRB- or Spanish Romani is a language spoken by the Spanish and Portuguese Romanies .
A votive inscription mentioned by Florence Mary Bennett , Florence Mary Bennett , Religious Cults Associated with the Amazons -LRB-/O1912/O-RRB- : Chapter III : Ephesian Artemis -LRB- on-line text -RRB- .
The harder forms , such as anthracite coal , can be regarded as metamorphic rock because of later exposure to elevated temperature and pressure .
It is situated 17 km northwest of Eberswalde , and 55 km northeast of Berlin -LRB- centre -RRB- .
Length of the river is approximately 200 km . Lilongwe River flows into Lake Nyasa .
Ethanol has been produced and consumed by humans for millennia , in the form of fermented and distilled alcoholic beverages .
Unlike depth charges , mines are deposited and left to wait until they are triggered by the approach of or contact with an enemy ship .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Drumcondra F.C. won the championship .
Curium -LRB- -RRB- is a synthetic chemical element with the symbol Cm and atomic number 96 .
The bocal connects the reed to the rest of the instrument and is inserted into a socket at the top of the wing joint .
ClÃ rey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Hewitt made her film debut in the independent film Munchie -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .
Jura -LRB- -RRB- is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
Ayers and Dohrn currently live in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago .
Deliberate poisoning of food and water with infectious material
In her room at night , Marie reads to herself from the Bible .
If the potential energy is set to zero at infinite distance from the atomic nucleus or molecule , the usual convention , then bound electron states have negative potential energy .
Hisashi Kato -LRB- born April 24 , 1956 in Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football manager and former player .
Muslim theology equates apostasy to treason , and in most interpretations of Sharia , the penalty for apostasy is death .
Motorways are marked by an M , for example the M25 -LRB- which forms a beltway around London -RRB- .
In 2005 , the sequel to Tha Carter , Tha Carter II , was released .
The remaining 10.3 % are not classified .
The Djibouti national football team , nicknamed the Riverains de la Mer Rouge -LRB- Shoremen of the Red Sea -RRB- , is the national team of Djibouti and is controlled by the Fédération Djiboutienne de Football .
Loupes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
However , they realize that the Dragon 's Flame is the source of Bloom 's powers , which they try to steal from her .
The most significant era of eugenic sterilization was between 1907 and 1963 , when over 64,000 individuals were forcibly sterilized under eugenic legislation in the United States .
Lot-et-Garonne -LRB- -RRB- is a department in the southwest of France named after the Lot and Garonne rivers .
Susanna enters and updates her regarding the plan to trap the Count .
Properties The logarithmic spiral can be distinguished from the Archimedean spiral by the fact that the distances between the turnings of a logarithmic spiral increase in geometric progression , while in an Archimedean spiral these distances are constant .
The State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , more commonly referred to as Rhode Island -LRB- or -RRB- , is a state in the New England region of the United States .
In other words , a Las Vegas algorithm does not gamble with the verity of the result ; it only gambles with the resources used for the computation .
Ern Rubik -LRB- born July 13 , 1944 -RRB- is a Hungarian inventor , sculptor and professor of architecture .
Many modern moorings still rely on a large rock as the primary element of their design . However , using pure mass to resist the forces of a storm only works well as a permanent mooring ; trying to move a large enough rock to another bay is nearly impossible .
In 1959 Messiaen was nominated as an Officier of the Légion d'honneur , Hill & Simeone -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , p. 245 and in 1966 he was officially appointed professor of composition at the Paris Conservatoire -LRB- although he had in effect been teaching composition for years -RRB- .
The first European settlement in the interior of North Carolina and what would become the United States was made by Spanish in 1567 , when they built Fort San Juan at the large Native American settlement of Joara near present-day Morganton .
He also holds the uncharacteristically postmodern position of '' Permanent Visiting '' Professor at Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois , and '' Theodor Heuss Professor '' at The New School , New York .
The Honourable Society of the Inner Temple , commonly known as Inner Temple , is one of the four Inns of Court -LRB- professional associations for barristers and judges -RRB- in London .
1867 & ndash ; Alaska is purchased from Russia for $ 7.2 million , about 2 cent\/acre -LRB- $ 4.19 \/O/ km -RRB- , by United States Secretary of State William H. Seward .
Russia -LRB- ; , -RRB- , also officially known as the Russian Federation -LRB- , -RRB- , is a state in northern Eurasia .
The Iron Age -LRB- around 750 BC 43 AD -RRB- In around 750 BC iron working techniques reached the Pretani in Britain from southern Europe .
The nickname of Evgeni Nabokov .
Linux Mint is a Linux-based operating system for computers . Linux Mint is available in several editions with different codebases , all of which are ultimately based on Ubuntu except for LMDE -LRB- Linux Mint Debian Edition -RRB- and Linux Mint Xfce which are based on Debian .
Hayden Christensen -LRB- born April 19 , 1981 -RRB- is a Golden Globe Award-nominated Canadian actor .
The policies of the federal government have a broad impact on both the domestic and foreign affairs of the United States .
The Time 100 : Mitchell Baker : The '' Lizard Wrangler '' -LRB- Marc Andreessen , Time , 18 April 2005 The MPL is characterized as a hybridization of the modified BSD license and GNU General Public License .
It consisted of the Heer -LRB- army -RRB- , the Kriegsmarine -LRB- navy -RRB- and the Luftwaffe -LRB- air force -RRB- .
Numerous proposals have been made for alternative base units of metric time .
Bad Godesberg is located along the hills and cliffs of the west bank of the Rhine river , in west central Germany .
Most Sri Lankan Tamils live in the Northern and Eastern provinces and in the capital Colombo , whereas most Indian Tamils live in the central highlands .
Upper Franconia -LRB- -RRB- is a Regierungsbezirk -LRB- administrative -LSB- Regierungs -RSB- region -LSB- bezirk -RSB- -RRB- of the state of Bavaria , southern Germany .
Bikini Bottom is a city that is the main setting of the series , located at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean .
Physiotherapy clinics are usually operated by physiotherapists and psychology clinics by clinical psychologists , and so on for each health profession .
In addition to Texas State University and the San Marcos Baptist Academy , San Marcos is served by the San Marcos Consolidated Independent School District .
A philosopher who approached technology from a deterministic viewpoint , Ellul , professor at the University of Bordeaux , authored 58 books and more than a thousand articles over his lifetime , the dominant theme of which has been the threat to human freedom and Christian faith created by modern technology .
In 2004 , Bayne moved to the Allison Legacy Race Series , where he became the youngest top rookie . In 2005 , he became the series ' National Champion .
Using corpus techniques , more complex translations may be attempted , allowing for better handling of differences in linguistic typology , phrase recognition , and translation of idioms , as well as the isolation of anomalies .
The national football team of Iran represents Iran in international football competitions and is controlled by the Football Federation Islamic Republic of Iran .
The area then degenerated into competing city-states until YucatÃ n was conquered by the Spanish .
Nonetheless , the attack has caused some experts to express greater unease at the algebraic simplicity of the current AES .
A flower , sometimes known as a bloom or blossom , is the reproductive structure found in flowering plants -LRB- plants of the division Magnoliophyta , also called angiosperms -RRB- .
Aidan watches the tape a few days later .
Des Moines takes its name from Fort Des Moines -LRB- 1843 â '' 46 -RRB- , which was named for the Des Moines River .
This did n't change until 1973 with the installation of a new computer , increasing processing power of the Weather Centre greatly , leading to forecasts twice as accurate as earlier ones .
Neuville-au-Cornet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Speaker for the Dead was published in a slightly revised edition in 1991 .
Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Hyles -- Anderson College is an unaccredited Bible college in unincorporated Crown Point , Lake County , Indiana , Spivak , Diane Hyles ' birthplace to be rebuilt on campus : Texas home of college co-founder will rest at Hyles-Anderson Northwest Indiana Times 7 November 2001 with a postal address at 8400 Burr Street , Crown Point , Indiana .
The Stanley Cup playoffs ended on June 4 , with the Detroit Red Wings taking the championship .
On the 14th day of the infection , biopsies of Marshall 's stomach did not reveal any bacteria , so spontaneous eradication may have occurred .
Hamm is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia -LRB- NRW -RRB- , Germany .
Shrewsbury -LRB- or -RRB- is the county town of Shropshire , in the West Midlands region of England .
The old skin breaks near the mouth and the snake wriggles out , aided by rubbing against rough surfaces . In many cases , the cast skin peels backward over the body from head to tail in one piece , like pulling a sock off inside-out .
On January 29 , 2007 , Melina became the number one contender for the WWE Women 's Championship , and introduced her finisher from the independent circuit , the Kyrapractor , to WWE under the new name California Dream .
It houses the Sala São Paulo , which has a capacity of 1.498 seats , and is the home of the Orquestra Sinfônica do Estado de São Paulo -LRB- Osesp -RRB- .
Auditors of the L&H , UCD Career A graduate of University College Dublin , Ó Dálaigh was a committed Fianna Fáil supporter who served on the party 's National Executive in the 1930s , he became Ireland 's youngest Attorney General in 1946 under Taoiseach Éamon de Valera , serving until 1948 .
Concept learning is the induction of a concept -LRB- category -RRB- from observations
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates .
Stephen David Warnock -LRB- born 12 December 1981 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a left back for Blackburn Rovers .
Along with Hovell in 1824 , Hume was part of an expedition that first took an overland route from Sydney to Port Phillip near the site of present day Melbourne .
Brackish water is water that has more salinity than fresh water , but not as much as seawater .
The film stars Zachary Levi . David Cross , Jason Lee , and the voices of Justin Long , Jesse McCartney , Matthew Gray Gubler , Christina Applegate , Amy Poehler , and Anna Faris .
After the Ten Plagues , Moses leads the Exodus of the Israelites out of Egypt and across the Red Sea , after which they base themselves at Mount Sinai , where Moses receives the Ten Commandments .
There are , however , also other programs that can upload to Picasa Web Albums .
Delta moved erratically for a few days before moving towards the Canary Islands .
References External links Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education official website PASSHE Foundation , Inc. .
On Mainland China under the People 's Republic of China , counties are the third level of local government , coming under both the province level and the prefecture level .
South Shields is a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
In 1987 , FC Porto also gained the UEFA Supercup -LRB- another first for Portugal -RRB- and , in 2003 , it brought Portugal 's first UEFA Cup , making FC Porto the most sucessful club internationally in Portugal .
The Down to the Countryside Movement was a policy instituted in the People 's Republic of China in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Its plumage is mostly irridescent green .
In 2007 , the semifinals averaged 3.1 million viewers , and an estimated four million Swedes watched the final .
For smaller prey up to the size of a goat , their loosely articulated jaws , flexible skull , and expandable stomach allow it to swallow its prey whole .
Rapid City is located on the eastern edge of the Black Hills , and is split in half by the Dakota Hogback .
The song was released on June 22 , 1999 as the album 's lead single .
Charles Stewart ParnellMost contemporaries pronounced his name , with the stress on the second syllable .
The Universal Media Disc -LRB- UMD -RRB- is an optical disc medium developed by Sony for use on the PlayStation Portable .
'' Constitutional disability '' in this context could describe either the potential President 's failure to meet the eligibility requirements of the office or his not having completed his electoral affirmation by Congress .
Color film uses at least three layers .
Board shorts : A combination of shorts and a bathing suit , typically worn by men , which have recently gained in popularity .
The Monk Parakeet , also known as the Quaker Parrot , -LRB- Myiopsitta monachus -RRB- is a species of parrot , in most treatments the only member of the genus Myiopsitta .
It was the highest fee ever paid for a player under 20 years old ; Rooney was still only 18 when he left Everton .
The rise of the sister party Labour 's recovery as a credible party of government during World War II and the formal links and local affiliations brought by the 1927 agreement saw benefits electorally for the Co-operative Party .
Banda Qazi
The Republic of Mahabad -LRB- Kurdish : Komarî Mehabad \/O/ , Persian : -RRB- , officially known as Republic of Kurdistan and established in Iranian Kurdistan , was a short-lived , Kurdish government that sought Kurdish autonomy within the limits of the Iranian state .
It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API emulation layer .
Magny-la-Fosse is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , IBSN 0198605757 It is a religious building for worship , specifically of a denomination with an episcopal hierarchy , such as the Roman Catholic , Anglican , Orthodox , and some Lutheran and Methodist churches , which serves as a bishop 's seat , and thus as the central church of a diocese , conference , or episcopate .
The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh -LRB- RSS -RRB- , -LRB- National Volunteer Organization or National Patriotism Organization -RRB- , also known the Sangh , is a right-wing Hindu nationalist , paramilitary , volunteer , and allegedly militant organization in India .
This would provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes .
The University of Oxford -LRB- informally Oxford University , or simply Oxford -RRB- is a public university located in Oxford , United Kingdom .
A souvenir sheet or miniature sheet is a small group of postage stamps still attached to the sheet on which they were printed .
However , in 2006 , this was being de-emphasized ; Tweenies was permanently pulled from the schedule in January , and Tiny Planets was pulled in April 2006 .
The name of the family comes from the Latin Solanum '' the nightshade plant '' , but the further etymology of that word is unclear .
Dallas Mavericks -LRB- 1998 -- present -RRB-
From 1050 to 1571 , the city expanded and rose dramatically in importance due to its location on key trade routes .
subdivision_name1 = Tulcea County
The county was named for Isaac Shelby , a hero of the King 's Mountain Battle during the American Revolutionary War .
It was located in Picnic Point National Park , near the South Sydney Power station .
Sean Kingston -LRB- born Kisean Anderson ; February 3 , 1990 -RRB- is a Jamaican singer and rapper .
For music notation software , see Scorewriter .
Because the heart is beating and the body is warm , people may have difficulty believing the person is dead .
When she was 15 , her family moved to Rosarito city , Mexico and then to San Diego where she attended Bonita Vista High School and Chula Vista School of the Creative and Performing Arts .
Members participate in baseball , men 's and women 's basketball , men 's and women 's cross country , football , men 's and women 's golf , rowing -LRB- women 's -RRB- , men 's and women 's soccer , softball , men 's and women 's swimming , men 's and women 's tennis , men 's and women 's indoor and outdoor track and field , and volleyball .
McClane hitches a ride on a news helicopter , which drops him off on the wing of the plane and blocks the wing flaps with his jacket , preventing the plane from taking off , Grant comes out and fights McClane , but ends up being sucked into the engine .
On February 10 , 2009 , her record-setting nails were broken off when she was ejected from a car in a four-car pile-up in Holladay , Utah .
She is the 2010 Winter Olympic silver medalist , the 2008 & 2010 World champion , the 2008 & 2010 Four Continents champion , a two-time -LRB- 2005-2006 & 2008-2009 -RRB- Grand Prix Final champion , the 2005 World Junior champion , the 2004-2005 Junior Grand Prix Final champion and a four-time -LRB- 2006 -- 2009 -RRB- Japanese national champion .
On 9 November 1989 , the Wall was opened , and the two parts of the city were once again physicallyâ '' though at this point not legallyâ '' united .
For instance , the interval from D to F is a major third , while that from D to G is a diminished fourth , although they have identical width in equal temperament -LRB- 4 semitones , or 400 cents -RRB- .
The Egypt national football team -LRB- -RRB- , nicknamed The Pharaohs -LRB- -RRB- , is the national team of Egypt , and is administered by the Egyptian Football Association -LRB- EFA -RRB- .
Based on the provisions of the treaty , Gulab Singh acquired the lands '' River Indus and the westward of the River Ravi including Chamba and excluding Lahul , being part of the territories ceded to the British Government by the Lahore State according to the provisions of Article IV of the Treaty of Lahore , dated 9th March , 1846 . ''
The character is the first of a set of six new Joker 's Cards .
Finally , he edited his songs and made new songs in the six years of preparation , just for the best 12 songs for all the people anticipating for his music .
13 -- 15 Only a small percentage of boys castrated to preserve their voices had successful careers on the operatic stage ; the better '' also-rans '' sang in cathedral or church choirs , but because of their marked appearance and the ban on their marrying , there was little room for them in society outside a musical context .
The Tibetan tantric tradition has the Fire Wheel between the heart and the throat , the Wind Wheel on the forehead , and below the navel , instead of Swadhisthana and Muladhara , they have 3 chakras ; the Secret Place Wheel is located 4 fingers below the navel , the Jewel Wheel is located on the sexual organ , and the very tip of the sexual organ is the very last chakra , where the central channel ends .
Germ-X is the brand name of a line of antibacterial and antimicrobial products marketed in the United States . Germ-X products include instant hand sanitizer gels , foaming hand soap , and soft wipes .
In July 2006 , Cassini saw the first proof of hydrocarbon lakes near Titan 's north pole , which was confirmed in January 2007 .
Gentoox An adaptation of Gentoo for the Xbox .
In the episode , Krusty the Clown , a famous TV comedian , is convicted of the armed robbery of the Kwik-E-Mart .
Although he released an album -LRB- David Bowie -RRB- and several singles earlier , Bowie first caught the eye and ear of the public in July 1969 , when the song '' Space Oddity '' reached the top five of the UK Singles Chart .
Two -LRB- or more -RRB- inductors which have coupled magnetic flux form a transformer , which is a fundamental component of every electric utility power grid .
He attended Colorado State Teachers College -LRB- now named the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley , Colorado -RRB- , and earned his master 's degree .
Miribel
London Bridge railway station is a central London terminal and London Underground station in the London Borough of Southwark , which occupies a large area on two levels immediately south-east of London Bridge and 1.6 miles -LRB- 2.6 km -RRB- east of Charing Cross .
Notre-Dame-de-Monts is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Sol Invictus -LRB- -RRB- was a Roman god , a version of the early sun deity Sol , who emerged in the later Roman Empire .
BruyÃ res-et-Montb Ã rault is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Bousse is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Long-term relationships in other countries can become known as common-law marriages , although they may have no special status in law .
the history of the port , with photos , and an exhibition space about the destruction caused by World War II
Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat is a commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Many people from the occupied areas fled to Sopron , and the city 's importance grew .
Ripley was once served by Ripley railway station on the Midland Railway Ripley Branch . It was also the northern terminus of the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Company , and later the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire trolleybus system .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories is considered the second game in the series .
It is manipulated by gifted humans who are attuned to magic , called witches -LRB- whether they be men or women -RRB- .
The same month , The Gazette was featured in Shoxx magazine 's Expect Rush III , a catalogue of independent Visual Kei artists .
Growing up in a musical family , brothers Mike Sandison and Marcus Eoin began playing instruments at a young age .
The Daily Mirror is a British tabloid newspaper founded in 1903 .
It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island and the seat of the capital of the territory -LRB- Papeete -RRB- .
The company 's name is a combination of the last names of the two founders , Charles Hyde , and David Vredenburg -LRB- Take the first two letters of Hyde 's name , the V from Vredenburg , and add a double E to the end , and you have the company name Hy-Vee -RRB- .
The Bond albedo , named after the American astronomer George Phillips Bond -LRB- 1825 â '' 1865 -RRB- , who originally proposed it , is the fraction of power in the total electromagnetic radiation incident on an astronomical body that is scattered back out into space .
In other words , the distance from the foot of the ladder to the wall should be about one quarter of the height of the top of the ladder . At steeper angles , the ladder is at risk of toppling backwards when the climber leans away from it .
The Chinese language is the language of the people of China -- most often referring to the Mandarin language .
Emperor Toba ascends to the throne of Japan .
The sport is particularly popular in Indigenous communities .
The film reboots the Batman film series , telling the origin story of the character and begins with Bruce Wayne 's initial fear of bats , the death of his parents , and his journey to becoming Batman .
Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 Terrorist Attack Police Officer Paul Jurgens Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 Terrorist Attack Terrorist attacks On February 26 , 1993 the Port Authority 's World Trade Center complex was the target of terrorist attacks .
The Mamluks , led by their new sultan Baibars , quickly became a regional power in the Middle East by capturing a number of crusader states and repulsing Mongol attacks .
Technically the term Pilgrimage of Grace refers specifically and inclusively to the uprising around York , though sometimes it is used in relation to the risings in general which took place around Northern England ; first from Lincolnshire , twelve days before the actual Pilgrimage of Grace .
Is the birthplace of many noted Brazilian , writers and musicians . Euclides Neto and Luiz Caldas are someone 's .
In addition to Goldsworthy and Masterton , the Stars have retired the number 7 of Minnesota native , University of Minnesota graduate and 1980 Olympic hero Neal Broten , C , 1981-93 .
DÃ 1\/4 rer 's godfather was Anton Koberger , who left goldsmithing to become a printer and publisher in the year of DÃ 1\/4 rer 's birth .
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.018 , and an inclination of 1.08 ° relative to the equator of Jupiter .
The word is sometimes rendered by its English translation '' service '' , may refer to an elaborate formal ritual such as the Eastern Orthodox Divine Liturgy and Roman Catholic Mass , or a daily activity such as the Muslim salatOxford Dictionary of World Religions , p. 582 & ndash ; 3 and Jewish services .
Released in 2004 , the single peaked at # 5 in the USA becoming Maroon 5 's second Top 10 single ; it also peaked at # 4 in the UK .
On 5 February 1638 , the city was besieged by Protestant troops under the command of Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar .
Five is the third prime number .
This series featured guest mediums Gordon Smith , Ian Lawman , Ian Shillito and Kevin Wade .
Insch is a village in Garioch , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
In South Jersey and the Philadelphia region -LRB- as well as Westchester County , NY and Fairfield County , CT -RRB- , October 30 is referred to as '' Mischief Night , '' where mischievous teens rub soap bars on car windows , throw eggs at houses , adorn trees with toilet paper , and run away after ringing doorbells .
Naomi -LRB- pronounced nay-oh-mee -RRB- is a female given name meaning '' enjoyment , pleasure , or gratification '' in Hebrew -LRB- -LRB- Na'omiy -RRB- -RRB- .
Ekiga was initially written by Damien Sandras in order to graduate from the Université catholique de Louvain .
In 1989 , he played for the Paraguayan national team for the first time .
1-2 and later used by Churchill in a speech that made the phrase famous .
Both hijackers had first class tickets with a connecting flight to Los Angeles , California ; Atta checked in two bags , al-Omari none .
Security of symmetric ciphers Symmetric ciphers have historically been susceptible to known-plaintext attacks , chosen plaintext attacks , differential cryptanalysis and linear cryptanalysis .
GRUB is the reference implementation of the Multiboot Specification , which provides a user the choice to boot one of multiple operating systems installed on a computer , or select a specific kernel configuration available on a particular operating system 's partitions .
The corresponding sort of cell division in prokaryotes is known as binary fission .
On 1 October 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the Grameen Bank -LRB- Village Bank -RRB- to make loans to poor Bangladeshis .
Yantra function as revelatory conduits of cosmic truths .
Racibórz -LRB- , -RRB- is a town in southern Poland with 60,218 inhabitants -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- situated in the Silesian Voivodeship -LRB- since 1999 -RRB- , previously in Katowice Voivodeship -LRB- 1975 -- 1998 -RRB- .
Sunday 6 November 2005 1,295 312 Île-de-France , Nord , Eure , Eure-et-Loir , Haute-Garonne , Loire-Atlantique , Essonne .
The same month Chasing Lights climbed the album charts to its new peak of # 9 .
Minorca or Menorca -LRB- Spanish and ; from Latin : Insula Minor , later Minorica '' minor island '' -RRB- is one of the Balearic Islands located in the Mediterranean Sea belonging to Spain .
Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry -LRB- Punjabi , ; -LRB- January 1 , 1904 - June 2 , 1982 -RRB- was the fifth President of Pakistan from August 14 , 1973 until his resignation on September 16 , 1978 .
However , they regard Ali 's acceptance of arbitration at the Battle of Siffin against Muawiya 's rebels as un-Islamic and as rendering him unfit for the Imamate , and they condemn Ali for killing the Muslims of an-Nahr in the Battle of Nahrawan .
Coronel Fabriciano -LRB- Zip Code 35170-000 -RRB- is a Brazilian city of the Vale do AÃ o -LRB- Steel Valley -RRB- metropolitan area in the State of Minas Gerais .
January & ndash ; Colonel George Monck with his regiment crosses from Scotland to England at the village of Coldstream and begins his advance towards London in support of the English Restoration .
Their unique blend of bluegrass , rock , country , and Cajun\/Zydeco , which the band calls '' Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass '' , has found favor with the jam band scene .
Regimental Signals Officer -LRB- RSO -RRB- -LRB- Lieutenant or Captain -RRB-
Dixon sang bass in Phelps ' group , The Jubilee Singers , a local gospel quartet that regularly appeared on the Vicksburg radio station WQBC .
Otto IV , Holy Roman Emperor is excommunicated by Pope Innocent III for invading southern Italy .
Several steps in the gene expression process may be modulated , including the transcription , RNA splicing , translation , and post-translational modification of a protein .
There are norm maps whenever , and this gives us the data of an inverse system .
Today 's hall is the third to bear this name ; like the second , it is noted for its fine acoustics .
The term Angevin Empire describes a collection of states ruled by the Angevin Plantagenet dynasty .
Even-toed ungulates survived in niche roles , usually occupying marginal habitats , and it is presumably at that time that they developed their complex digestive systems , which allowed them to survive on lower-grade food .
The thought experiment presents a cat that might be alive or dead , depending on an earlier random event .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
André George Previn KBE -LRB- born Andreas Ludwig Priwin ; April 6 , 1929 -RRB- is a German-born naturalised American pianist , conductor , and composer .
He quickly acquired his own ship , Queen Anne 's Revenge , and from 1717 to 1718 became a feared pirate .
Most of the useful or working life of the component is comprised in this stage .
Year 1536 -LRB- MDXXXVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
The doctrine of implied repeal is a concept in English constitutional theory which states that where an Act of Parliament conflicts with an earlier one , the later Act takes precedence and the conflicting parts of the earlier Act are repealed -LRB- i.e. no longer law -RRB- .
Logan had studied under Constantin Stanislavski , approved of method acting , and was supportive of Monroe .
It has an area of 9.6 km ² .
Las Gordas -LRB- D.M. -RRB-
Smokey Bear -LRB- often unofficially referred to as Smokey the Bear , also simply referred to as Smokey -RRB- is a mascot of the United States Forest Service created to educate the public about the dangers of forest fires .
1913 saw a Peugeot driven by Jules Goux winning the Indianapolis 500 .
Kurt Schuschnigg became the new chancellor of Austria .
A joint venture between Prada and the De Rigo group was also formed that year to produce Prada eyewear . In October 1999 , Prada joined with LVMH and beat Gucci to buy a 51 % stake in the Rome-based Fendi S.p.A. Prada 's share of the purchase -LRB- 25.5 % -RRB- was worth US$ 241.5 million out of the reported US$ 520 million total paid by both Prada and LVMH .
Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
He is currently the co-owner , general manager , and head coach of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
He eventually settled down in Rianxo , where he joined the political movement AcciÃ n Gallega -LRB- '' Galician Action '' -RRB- .
He has also released a solo album entitled Flamingo .
Saint-Calais-du-D Ã sert is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
FUNimation aired the series , in dubbed English , on their anime television channel as well as on Colours TV .
1980-1982 Vienna Symphony
This article refers to the British conductor Daniel Harding .
Co. , 1907 -RRB- , page 66 When Haiti was divided between a kingdom in the north and a republic in the south , Port-au-Prince was the capital of the republic , under the leadership of Alexandre Pétion .
Terrance Stanley '' Terry '' Fox , CC -LRB- July 28 , 1958 -- June 28 , 1981 -RRB- was a Canadian humanitarian , athlete , and cancer treatment activist .
Saint-F Ã lix-de-Foncaude is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Because of their slow metabolism , large dragons can survive on as little as 12 meals a year .
-- -RRB-
Vahan Totovents was born in Kharpert Totovents in Great Soviet Encyclopedia , Western Armenia -LRB- modern Turkey -RRB- .
There is a knock at the door , and MimÃ , flower maker who lives in another room in the building , enters .
January 1 Smoking is banned in all California bars and restaurants .
He was opposed to Spain 's entry into the United Nations because of his opposition to Francisco Franco 's government .
The Ruby Slippers are the magical shoes worn by Dorothy -LRB- played by Judy Garland -RRB- in the 1939 MGM movie The Wizard of Oz .
Subsequent conductors were Felix Weingartner , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler and Clemens Krauss .
Giuseppe is known as del Gesù because his labels always incorporated the characters I.H.S. -LRB- iota-eta-sigma -RRB- and a Roman cross .
Welsh is therefore a growing language within Wales .
Their international trophy hall includes three World Club titles -LRB- two as the Intercontinental Cup , and one as the FIFA Club World Championship -RRB- , three Copa Libertadores , two Recopa Sudamericanas , one Copa Conmebol , one Supercopa Sudamericana and one Copa Masters Conmebol .
In tetrapods , the tarsus is a cluster of articulating bones in each foot situated between the lower end of tibia and fibula of the lower leg and the metatarsus .
Despite their name , cuttlefish are not fish but molluscs .
One of its first proponents was Pyrrho of Elis -LRB- c. 360-275 B.C. -RRB- , who traveled and studied as far as India and propounded the adoption of '' practical '' skepticism .
Saral is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
The forearm is the structure and distal region of the upper limb , between the elbow and the wrist .
Aeschylus was one of many Greeks who had been initiated into the Eleusinian Mysteries , a cult to Demeter based in his hometown of Eleusis .
Weighing 65 pounds -LRB- 29.5 kg -RRB- , and standing 3 feet 7 inches -LRB- 1.09 m -RRB- tall , he became the shortest player in the history of the major leagues .
Fr t u ii Vechi is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
'' Historical and Legal Aspects of the International Status of Taiwan -LRB- Formosa -RRB- '' WUFI
July 2 North Vietnam and South Vietnam unite to form the Socialist Republic of Vietnam .
Roosevelt R. Doe
Howlin ' Wolf , Muddy Waters , Willie Dixon , and Jimmy Reed were all born in Mississippi and moved to Chicago during the Great Migration .
The nucleus of the community was established by Flagler 's two luxury resort hotels , the Royal Poinciana Hotel and The Breakers Hotel .
With Erebus the deity of shadow and darkness , Nyx gives birth to Aether -LRB- atmosphere -RRB- and Hemera -LRB- day -RRB- .
Antônio Dias dos Santos , best known as Toninho -LRB- born in Vera Cruz , Bahia State , June 7 , 1948 - died December 8 , 1999 -RRB- was a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player in defender role .
See for example in the British Virgin Islands under the Criminal Code , 1997 However , in many of those jurisdictions , it is still possible to bring prosecutions for what is effectively rape by characterizing it as an assault .
It descends from Old Persian and is the linguistic ancestor of Persian .
The gases produced by burning gunpowder generate enough pressure to propel a bullet , but not enough to destroy a gun barrel .
His foreshadowing of postmodernity has been noted by philosophers as diverse as Jean Baudrillard , Fredric Jameson and Slavoj Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 ek .
Retrieved on May 12 , 2010 .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo .
Harvey brought heavy rain to Bermuda , with just over 5 inches -LRB- 130 mm -RRB- reported at Bermuda International Airport and caused some flooding of roads .
If a line segment intersects two straight lines forming two interior angles on the same side that sum to less than two right angles , then the two lines , if extended indefinitely , meet on that side on which the angles sum to less than two right angles .
Under the leadership of Heinrich Himmler between 1929 and 1945 , the SS grew from a small paramilitary formation to become one of the largest and most powerful organizations in Nazi Germany .
She won the event earning 193.45 points overall , a score that was more than 20 points ahead of silver medalist Yukari Nakano of Japan .
The name ` Netherlands Antilles ' is still sometimes used to indicate the Caribbean islands which are part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
PBS broadcast 780 episodes over the course of its six seasons from October 25 , 1971 to April 15 , 1977 .
Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in the Chicago suburb of Hillside , Illinois .
The film again starred Donald Duck , who in the course of the film is joined by old friend José Carioca , the cigar-smoking parrot from Saludos Amigos -LRB- 1943 -RRB- representing Brazil , and later makes a new friend in the persona of pistol-packing rooster Panchito Pistoles , representing Mexico .
Ring rust when a wrestler is out-of-practice , and thus more prone to miss spots , as a result of a long period away from wrestling .
It is generally added at the last moment , as cooking quickly destroys the flavour .
Following an Imperial rescript by Empress Gemmei the move of the capital to Heij - ky , present-day Nara , took place in 710 .
In 1851 , she made a study-trip to Paris with her teacher Carl Gustaf Qvarnström and her brother Pehr Henrik , were she worked with the sculptor Toussaint , the printmaker Barre and her maternal uncle , the medal designer Johan Salmson .
Center Hill is located at .
He was also a very strict disciplinarian .
Thomas is one of thirteen Catholic justices -- out of 110 justices total -- in the history of the Supreme Court , and one of six currently on the Court .
In 2000 , Stallone starred in the thriller Get Carter â '' a remake of the 1971 British Michael Caine film of the same nameâ '' but the film was poorly received by both critics and audiences .
Eugène Gigout -LRB- 23 March 1844 & ndash ; 9 December 1925 -RRB- was a French organist and a composer of European late-romantic music for organ .
Trains operate on the Swanage Railway between Swanage and Norden Park & Ride every weekend and Bank Holiday from mid-February to the end of the year , and every day of the week from April to October ; with Santa Special services in December .
C.
Erny-Saint-Julien is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
-LRB- self-governing state in free association with New Zealand -RRB-
Scientifically the dragon does exist .
A presentation program , such as Microsoft PowerPoint , Apple Keynote , OpenOffice.org Impress or Prezi , is often used to generate the presentation content .
A chain of schools was established in Guangzhou , Taishan , Jiangmen and Hong Kong .
Urolagnia -LRB- also urophilia , undinism , golden shower and watersports -RRB- is a paraphilia in which sexual excitement is associated with the sight or thought of urine or urination .
Albert Luque Martos -LRB- born 11 March 1978 in Terrassa , Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer currently playing with
In many minor rugby nations , such as the case of rugby union in Poland , development , has tended to concentrate on rugby sevens as a means of introducing the sport to people .
In early 2005 , Warner signed a one-year , $ 4-million contract with the Arizona Cardinals , and was quickly named the starter by coach Dennis Green .
Many models are the direct-gain type , consisting of flat panels in which water circulates .
Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area , California , in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- vocals , bass -RRB- , Gus Pepa -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , and Andy Galeon -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Allmusic link
The tree and its fruit give its name to the plant family , which also includes species such as lilacs , jasmine , Forsythia and the true ash trees -LRB- Fraxinus -RRB- .
Spencer-Brown was influenced by Wittgenstein and R. D. Laing . LoF also echoes a number of themes from the writings of Charles Sanders Peirce , Bertrand Russell , and Alfred North Whitehead .
King Mindaugas of Lithuania renounces Christianity , returning to his pagan roots and reverting to Grand Duke of Lithuania .
Clevedon is a town in North Somerset , England .
Please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes -LRB- ~ ~ ~ ~ -RRB- ; this will automatically produce your name and the date .
The cell membrane consists primarily of a thin layer of amphipathic phospholipids which spontaneously arrange so that the hydrophobic '' tail '' regions are shielded from the surrounding polar fluid , causing the more hydrophilic '' head '' regions to associate with the cytosolic and extracellular faces of the resulting bilayer .
Substances or foods irradiated with electrons or electromagnetic radiation -LRB- such as microwave , X-ray or gamma -RRB- are not carcinogenic .
-LRB- For rationale , see : crypto . -RRB-
Regina -LRB- '' rej-eye-na '' -RRB- is the capital of Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
Gosport , Lennox and Addington County , Ontario
May 5 & ndash ; King Afonso III of Portugal -LRB- d. 1279 -RRB-
If used fresh , it is usually grilled , steamed , or mixed with eggs and fried to form a custard-like dish called '' Ashpal Kuku '' .
Pattoki Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Kasur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
He left Grey Daze in 1998 , but struggled to find another band to play in .
For example , '' no human lives forever '' is not falsifiable since it does not seem possible to prove wrong .
The school has an air rifle range and an aesthetics room .
The Wire-crested Thorntail -LRB- Discosura popelairii -RRB- is a hummingbird which occurs in Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
Le Temple is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Alban Maria Johannes Berg -LRB- February 9 , 1885 -- December 24 , 1935 -RRB- was an Austrian composer .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Al-Shabab -LRB- United Arab Emirates -RRB- won the championship .
History The adjective Cartesian refers to the French mathematician and philosopher René Descartes -LRB- who used the name Cartesius in Latin -RRB- .
The current music director is Michael Tilson Thomas , who has held the position since September 1995 .
Parallel @ Illinois , University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
Manning is a city in Carroll County , Iowa , United States , along Iowa Highway 141 .
Their last common ancestor had at most a very simple photoreceptive spot , but a range of processes led to the progressive refinement of this structure to the advanced camera eye - with one subtle difference : The cephalopod eye is '' wired '' in the opposite direction , with blood and nerve vessels entering from the back of the retina , rather than the front as in vertebrates .
Stanton G.R. Athenian Politics c800-500BC : A Sourcebook , Routledge , London -LRB-/O1990/O-RRB- , p. 36 .
In his contract was purchased by the New York Giants .
Also known as the marsmon named after him The month of March is inspired by this god 's name .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
According to the discovery team , the pattern of depletion is best explained by assuming the electrons are absorbed by solid material in the form of an equatorial disk , which contains within it several denser rings or arcs , of particles perhaps several decimeters to approximately a meter in diameter .
In 1993 , the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs suggested the name Czechia as an official alternative in all situations other than formal official documents and the full names of government institutions ; however , this has not become widespread in English , even though most other languages have single-word names for the country -LRB- usually their own variants of '' Czechia '' -RRB- .
1750 & ndash ; Robert Fergusson , Scottish poet -LRB- d. 1774 -RRB-
Countries will be drawn from each pot to determine whether they will compete in either the first or second semi-final and as in 2010 , which half of the semi-final they will perform , in order for delegations to know when rehearsals will begin for their respective countries .
The first was to start a violent , armed struggle -LRB- bombings , and robberies -RRB- against the government .
Nicholas William Peter '' Nick '' Clegg -LRB- born 7 January 1967 -RRB- is a British politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Lord President of the Council and Minister for Constitutional and Political Reform in the UK coalition government of David Cameron .
The Zanskar Gorge is found in the Zanskar region of Indian-administered Kashmir .
Santa María la Real de La Almudena is a Catholic cathedral in Madrid .
The era of the tosafot -LRB- medieval commentators on the Talmud -RRB- ends -LRB- began 1100 -RRB- .
The town was renamed to Sudauen and incorporated directly into the German Reich 's East Prussia .
But , as used by Émile Durkheim and later theorists , anomie is a reaction against or a retreat from the regulatory social controls of society , and is a completely separate concept from anarchy which is an absence of effective rulers or leaders .
As changes to the Bank 's Charter require an 85 % super-majority , the US can block any major change in the Bank 's governing structure .
The ancient city stood five miles -LRB- 8 km -RRB- east of the Nile north of the apex of the Delta .
A donkey voter is someone who votes for candidates based solely upon the order they are listed on the ballot paper .
The Treaty of Nöteborg between Sweden and Novgorod -LRB- Russia -RRB- is signed , regulating the border for the first time
According to the wife , '' he was going out nights and also seemed to be wearing makeup . ''
Unfortunately , other than its orbit , radius of 53 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
Tincques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the race , he finished in seventh place , but was disqualified after the race for having an underweight car . Villeneuve decided to leave the BMW Sauber team soon after the race , and Kubica 's position in the team for the remainder of the season was confirmed by BMW .
The gang is widely known for its rivalry with the Crips .
populationof = popofyear =
The term is often used to refer to a unit that is assigned to a different base from the parent unit .
This would improve the football ground 's transport links , seen as essential if the club 's wish to redevelop their ground and increase crowd capacity is to become a reality .
Gumbasia -LRB- available in 2 video formats -RRB-
Detroit Lions v. National Football League , 41 The NFL is by far the most attended domestic sports league in the world by average attendance per game , with 67,509 fans per game in the latest regular season -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Veganism is a philosophy and lifestyle whose adherents seek to exclude the use of animals for food , clothing , or any other purpose .
The Tao Te Ching or Dao De Jing -LRB- é '' å 3\/4 ç '' -RRB- , whose authorship has been attributed to Laozi , is a Chinese classic text .
The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , from the Municipal Borough of Abingdon , Wantage Urban District , Abingdon Rural District , Faringdon Rural District and part of the Wantage Rural District of Berkshire .
The GCV will be operable with the current battle command control and communications suite but would gradually use a more state-of-the-art networked integration system known as the BCT Network .
As described by Johann Gutsmuths , '' englische Base-ball '' involved a contest between two teams , in which '' the batter has three attempts to hit the ball while at the home plate '' .
Shortly thereafter , Quint died under mysterious circumstances on an icy road near Bly House .
Because of the equatorial bulge , the feature farthest from the center of the Earth is actually Mount Chimborazo in Ecuador .
Battle system There are five characters the player can control in battle : Mario , Mallow , Geno , Bowser , and Princess Toadstool .
The gazelle species are classified in the Gazella , Eudorcas and Nanger .
During the period of December 5 -- 11 , 1974 , the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for U Thant on the grounds of the RUSU and gave anti-government speeches .
This name originated with their first discovery in the 18th century because of their similarity in appearance to giant planets when viewed through small optical telescopes , and is otherwise unrelated to the planets of the solar system .
To date , Bad Religion has released fourteen studio albums , two EPs , three compilation albums , one live recording , and two DVDs .
The park is considered one of the largest -LRB- in terms of covered area -RRB- in South East Asia .
The redbud is the state tree of Oklahoma .
Water transportation has its node on Lake Zug at Zug .
Similarly , -LRB- 0.6 % -RRB- , with a half life of is not usually considered to be radioactive .
Loud is the fifth studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , released November 12 , 2010 on Def Jam Recordings .
The SS , through its intelligence arm , the Security Service -LRB- Sicherheitsdienst , or SD -RRB- , dealt with Jews , Gypsies , communists and those persons of any other cultural , racial , political or religious affiliation deemed by the Nazis to be either Untermensch -LRB- sub-human -RRB- or in opposition to the regime , and placing them in concentration camps .
The most notable of the latter was the Edinburgh 50,000 - The Final Push concert as part of Live 8 .
Still , it required more time and materials to create a nagamaki than spears or naginata , this is why it was not as widely used .
The country 's second seaport , Mongla Port , and the country 's only ship building yard is located within Khulna division .
Gusts as strong as 101 mph -LRB- 165 km/h -RRB- were witnessed at Fisterra .
Latsabidze is one of the youngest pianists who has performed and recorded live 24 of the Chopin Etudes and the Preludes as well as all 12 of the Transcendental Etudes of Franz Liszt .
It is the smallest of the birds called '' swans '' , but still a large species of waterfowl , averaging 4.2 kg -LRB- 9.3 lbs -RRB- , 1 m -LRB- 3.3 ft -RRB- long and 1.57 m -LRB- 5.2 ft -RRB- across the wings .
Opponents , such as Greenpeace International and NIRS , believe that nuclear power poses many threats to people and the environment .
When Eris received its official name from the IAU , the moon received the name Dysnomia , after the Greek goddess of lawlessness who was Eris 's daughter .
South Africa are the current World champions , having won the 2007 Rugby World Cup Final in France on 20 October 2007 with victory over England , the 2003 World Champions and current runners-up .
one can easily find the elements in a given range -LRB- e.g. countries with an area between .
This mirrors the portrayal of Ratri -LRB- night -RRB- in the Rig-Veda , where she works in close cooperation but also tension with her sister Ushas -LRB- dawn -RRB- .
Other games organised by the association include Rounders and Gaelic handball .
Belley
Humulus , Hop , is a small genus of flowering plants native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
Baltimore Ravens -LRB- -- present -RRB-
He delivered his first judicial speeches at the age of 20 , in which he argued effectively to gain from his guardians what was left of his inheritance .
John Willoughby -- a philandering nephew of a neighbour of the Middletons , a dashing figure who charms Marianne and shares her artistic and cultural sensibilities .
The seeds are embedded in the common flesh of the ovary .
Julie Taymor -LRB- born December 15 , 1952 -RRB- is an American director of theater , opera and film .
In Ancient Athenian Democracy sortition was the primary method for appointing officials , a system that was thought to be one of the principal characteristics of democracy .
Leonard Constant Lambert -LRB- 23 August 190521 August 1951 -RRB- was a British composer and conductor .
The University was founded in 1868 in a merger of the private College of California and the public Agricultural , Mining , and Mechanical Arts College .
Tenenbaum narrates what occurred , condemning Jack and his actions , voice thick with anger and contempt .
The battery backed cache on a RAID controller is one solution to have a safe write-back cache .
The most recent film is 1997 's Anastasia , an animated musical adaptation of the story of Anastasia 's fictional escape from Russia and her subsequent quest for recognition .
Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .
Though it was first released on The Used 's MySpace in late 2006 , most fans talked about it on message boards and thought of it as a joke ; it was not expected to actually be on the album .
Pope Honorius III officially approves the Order of Preachers -LRB- the Dominican Order -RRB- .
Selenium is found in economic quantities in sulfide ores such as pyrite , partially replacing the sulfur in the ore matrix .
This turn in form also attributed to Bouma reclaiming his place in the Dutch National Team , playing in the friendly against Russia in February 2007 , the tour of Asia in June 2007 and the following UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying fixtures .
His family was wealthy and well established ; his father Euphorion was a member of the Eupatridae , the ancient nobility of Attica .
Applications Masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments .
Rockstar Vienna also packaged the game with its predecessor , Grand Theft Auto III , and sold it as Grand Theft Auto : Double Pack for the Xbox . Vice Citys setting is also revisited in Grand Theft Auto : Vice City Stories , which serves as a prequel to events in Vice City .
The total area is 24.48 km which gives a population density of 597 inhabitants per km .
It began on September 29 , 2007 , with the regular season ending April 6 , 2008 .
Mira also known as Omicron Ceti -LRB- Î Ceti , Î Cet -RRB- , is a red giant star estimated 200-400 light years away in the constellation Cetus .
Other games organised by the association include Rounders and Gaelic handball .
Past Principal Guest Conductors have included Charles Mackerras -LRB- 1977 -- 1979 -RRB- , Michael Gielen -LRB- 1978 -- 1981 -RRB- , Günter Wand , Mark Elder -LRB- 1982 -- 1985 -RRB- , Peter Eötvös -LRB- 1985 -- 1988 -RRB- , Alexander Lazarev -LRB- 1992 -- 1995 -RRB- , B lohlávek -LRB- 1995 -- 2000 -RRB- , and Jukka-Pekka Saraste -LRB- 2002 -- 2005 -RRB- .
It featured the 1962 World Championship of Drivers and the 1962 International Cup for F1 Manufacturers FIA Yearbook 1974 , Grey Section , pages 118-121 which were contested concurrently over a nine race series that commenced on May 20 and ended on December 29 .
In addition to its function as an artist-run , artist-friendly independent label , 13th Planet encompasses several realms of the music industry including artist management , touring -LRB- including 2008 's '' C U LaTouR '' -RRB- , Ilker Yücel -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- '' 13th Planet Records - Celebrating New Beginnings '' , Re : Gen. Accessed 2009-03-18 .
It is the brother school of the City of London School for Girls -LRB- a girls ' school within the City -RRB- and of the co-educational City of London Freemen 's School -LRB- a day and boarding school in Surrey -RRB- .
Because of its limited print , however , it has become extremely valuable and rare to her fans .
The FBI was established in 1908 as the Bureau of Investigation -LRB- BOI -RRB- .
The moment of inertia plays much the same role in rotational dynamics as mass does in linear dynamics , describing the relationship between angular momentum and angular velocity , torque and angular acceleration , and several other quantities .
The 14th century eruption of the Black Death had a drastic effect on Europe 's population , irrevocably changing the social structure .
Pistosaurus longaevus is an extinct genus of aquatic sauropterygian reptile closely related to plesiosaurs .
The archerfish -LRB- Spinner Fish or Archer Fish -RRB- are a family -LRB- Toxotidae -RRB- of fish known for their habit of preying on land based insects and other small animals by literally shooting them down with water droplets from their specialized mouths .
She is the daughter of Margaret Thatcher , Baroness Thatcher , a former British Prime Minister , and Sir Denis Thatcher , Bt .
The three novels are titled Spider Riders : Shards of the Oracle , Spider Riders : Reign of the Soul Eater , and Spider Riders : Quest of the Earthen .
Prince Andrey Bogolyubskiy sacks the Kievan Rus ' capital Kiev and makes Vladimir the capital .
To the east lies the river Tagus , and to north the TrancÃ # o -LRB- formerly known as SacavÃ m River -RRB- , separating SacavÃ m from the Bobadela parish .
Harrison , Mark -LRB-/O2003/O-RRB- .
Also , in 2005 , a law was passed in Indiana requiring all public schools to give students a chance to say the pledge of allegiance and observe a moment of silence every day .
There are two primary ways to do this -- via sheer mass , and by '' hooking '' into the seabed .
Nauru 's climate is hot and very humid year-round â '' because of the proximity of the island to the Equator and the ocean . Nauru is hit by monsoon rains between November and February .
EADS now owned Airbus France , Airbus Deutschland and Airbus EspaÃ a , and thus 80 % of Airbus Industrie .
Entoprocta , whose name means '' anus inside '' , is a phylum of mostly sessile aquatic animals , ranging from long .
Henry Walter Bates FRS FLS FGS -LRB- Leicester , 8 February 1825 & ndash ; London , 16 February 1892 -RRB- was an English naturalist and explorer who gave the first scientific account of mimicry in animals .
Population As of the 2002 census the municipality had 35,654 inhabitants , 16,270 living in the city itself and 19,384 in its rural districts , making the urban population the 45.63 % of the total population .
In 1955 Clokey showed Gumbasia to movie producer Sam Engel , who encouraged him to develop his technique by adding figures .
In the 1980s , it was discovered that M. cerebralis needs to infect a tubificid oligochaete -LRB- a kind of segmented worm -RRB- to complete its life-cycle .
It was conceived as a beach resort for upper-class Chileans by Agustín Ross Edwards , a Chilean politician and member of the Ross Edwards family .
Several processes may be associated with the same program ; for example , opening up several instances of the same program often means more than one process is being executed .
The only limitations specific to eye types are that of resolution -- the physics of compound eyes prevents them from achieving a resolution better than 1 ° .
The demo tape , titled Flyswatter , was recorded in May 1993 in Raynor 's bedroom .
Children seeing nudity Attitudes toward children seeing nude people , other than their parents , vary substantially , depending on the child 's culture , age and the context of the nudity .
He was part of the famous trio of the late 1960s and early 1970s alongside Francis Lee and Mike Summerbee .
The match was between a Celtic side drawn from their 1998 title winning squad and a Motherwell side drawn from their 1991 Scottish Cup win .
John Paul Jones - Bass guitarist Led Zeppelin .
Bobby Ballenger is starting a new school a thousand miles from his old home .
Stockport is the largest settlement of the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport , and has a population of 136,082 , the wider borough having 281,000 .
The Billy Graham Center also hosts the Billy Graham Center Ministries .
Agy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Pleak is a village in Fort Bend County , Texas , United States and a part of the Houston Metropolitan Area .
Plot Good Night , and Good Luck .
Cera finds Sharptooth 's body , and thinking him to be dead , pokes fun at him until he awakens , having only been in a coma , causing Cera to flee in terror .
Lake City is the county seat of Columbia County , Florida , in the United States .
VauxcÃ rÃ is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Pygmy is a term used for various ethnic groups worldwide whose average height is unusually low ; anthropologists define pygmy as any group whose adult men grow to less than 150 cm -LRB- 4 feet 11 inches -RRB- in average height .
Starting in the late 1970s inkjet printers that could reproduce digital images generated by computers were developed , mainly by Epson , Hewlett-Packard and Canon .
A vast number of traditional herbal remedies were recommended for '' rheumatism '' .
At the beginning of July 2008 , his younger brother Norum Yobo was kidnapped in Port Harcourt , Rivers State , Nigeria and held for ransom .
As with the right to freedom of expression , the right to privacy is a recognized human right and freedom of information acts as an extension to this right .
Face -LRB- 1997 -RRB- is a British crime drama directed by Antonia Bird and written by Ronan Bennett .
It was established on 1 December 1918 by the union of the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs and the Kingdom of Serbia -LRB- to which the Kingdom of Montenegro was annexed on 13 November 1918 , and the Conference of Ambassadors in Paris gave international recognition to the union on 13 July 1922 -RRB- .
He led the Canucks in scoring through the early part of the season , until a fractured jaw forced him to miss 20 games .
Vaisges is a commune in the Mayenne department and Pays de la Loire region of France .
Donahue arrived in January 1825 with 200 other convicts and was assigned to work as a servant to a settler named John Pagan on a farm at Parramatta .
In the broadest sense , it is the study of how differences in an input can affect the resultant difference at the output .
Brian Joubert -LRB- born September 20 , 1984 -RRB- is a French figure skater .
Year 33 -LRB- XXXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
This metal leaf is often referred to as imitation leaf .
Chrisman is a city in Ross Township , Edgar County , Illinois , United States .
1989 & ndash ; A solar flare from the Sun creates a geomagnetic storm that affects micro chips , leading to a halt of all trading on Toronto 's stock market .
Steven Taylor , one of the First Doctor 's companions in the British TV series Doctor Who
Annette Francine Bening -LRB- born May 29 , 1958 -RRB- is an American actress .
or dimensions of the photosensor for digital cameras .
Selenium forms two oxides : selenium dioxide and selenium trioxide . Selenium dioxide is formed by the reaction of elemental selenium with oxygen :
While Death Angel was touring in support of Act III , drummer Andy Galeon was injured in a tour bus accident , needing more than a year to fully recover .
March 7\/9 & ndash ; Battle of Shimbra Kure : Imam Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi , with 200 men armed with matchlocks , defeats the army of Lebna Dengel , Emperor of Ethiopia .
Their works on hyperbolic geometry had a considerable influence on its development among later European geometers , including Witelo , Gersonides , Alfonso , John Wallis and Saccheri .
Pichilemu was founded December 22 , 1891 by a decree of President Jorge Montt and Interior Minister Manuel José Irarrázabal .
He was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as the villainous Tommy Udo in his debut film , Kiss of Death .
For each integer m -RRB- 2 there is a code with m parity bits and 2 ^ m-m-1 data bits .
Considered one of the best football players of his generation and frequently cited as the world 's best contemporary player , Messi received several Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year nominations by the age of 21 and won both by the age of 22 .
He also made appearances on various television shows , including Nash Bridges , The Pretender , The Practice , The X-Files , ER and The O.C. .
Nuclear weapons proliferation continues to occur , notably in Pakistan and North Korea , building on facilities and expertise from civilian nuclear operations .
Bouffignereux is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Impi Linux South African and focuses on the enterprise and government sector .
Surveying techniques have existed throughout much of recorded history .
Early amplified guitars employed a hollow body , but a solid body was found more suitable .
During his long career , Millen played primarily as a defender for St Johnstone , Alloa Athletic , Hamilton Accies , Kilmarnock , Hibernian , Raith Rovers , Ayr United , Greenock Morton , Clyde and finished his career with St. Mirren in the Scottish Premier League .
The EAN-13 barcode is defined by the standards organization GS1 .
Skiing in Zermatt is split up into four areas ; Sunnegga , Gornergrat , Klein Matterhorn and Schwarzsee .
Governments often place restrictions on private postal delivery systems .
Predominantly infecting humans and other primates , E. histolytica is estimated to infect about 50 million people worldwide .
The scattered disc -LRB- or scattered disk -RRB- is a distant region of the Solar System that is sparsely populated by icy minor planets , a subset of the broader family of trans-Neptunian objects .
She has appeared in over 100 adult films since 2006 , and in 2009 won the Urban X Award for Porn Star of the Year .
The new company , Famous Players-Lasky Corporation , grew quickly , with Lasky and his partners Goldfish and DeMille running the production side , Hiram Abrams in charge of distribution , and Zukor making great plans .
Frederick North , 2nd Earl of Guilford , KG , PC -LRB- 13 April 1732 5 August 1792 -RRB- , more often known by his courtesy title , Lord North , which he used from 1752 until 1790 , was Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1770 to 1782 .
Two dwarf species , named Orcinus nanus and Orcinus glacialis , were described during the 1980s by Soviet researchers , but most cetacean researchers are skeptical about their status , and it is difficult to link these directly to the types described below .
For instance , the set of real numbers has greater cardinality than the set of natural numbers .
Dennis R. Hoover , A Religious Right Arrives in Canada , RELIGION IN THE NEWS , Summer 2000 , Vol .
A planned or constructed language -- known colloquially or informally as a conlang -- is a language whose phonology , grammar , and\/or vocabulary have been consciously devised by an individual or group , instead of having evolved naturally .
He had previously served as Governor of Western Australia -LRB- 1993 â '' 2000 -RRB- .
In 1945 , Schwarzkopf was granted Austrian citizenship to enable her to sing in the Vienna State Opera -LRB- Wiener Staatsoper -RRB- .
In the latter case , typically both the pass and the ticket has to be shown at the ticket check .
Due to the low salary of the independent shows , James supplemented her income by working as a waitress at an Olive Garden restaurant .
While Ijiraq is a member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites , recent observations revealed that Ijiraq is distinctively redder than Paaliaq , Siarnaq and Kiviuq .
After the Kristallnacht in Nazi Germany , Allende and other members of the Parliament sent a telegram to Adolf Hitler denouncing the persecution of JewsTelegram protesting against the persecution of Jews in Germany on Clarin 's website .
Some editors may think they are protecting the article from vandalism , and may respond to any changes with hostility .
Mega Man 5 , known as Rockman 5 Blues no Wana ? !
Sarah Broadhead , a wife and mother living in the town , wrote her fears that '' we shall be visited with pestilence '' .
For other holders of the title , see Marquess of Salisbury .
, something like contemporary hamster cages .
References See also Pest Use of DNA in forensic entomology Whale louse , unrelated crustaceans that live parasitically on marine mammals External links Lice Pest Control Information - National Pesticide Information Center Bed-hopping led humans to 3 million-year itch www.phthiraptera.org has extensive scientific information .
Mark Copani , -LRB- born April 16 , 1980 -RRB- is a retired professional wrestler , best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- under the ring name Muhammad Hassan .
One of the panj kakaar -LRB- five articles of faith -RRB- that Sikh men wear is a type of underpants called the kaccha , which are similar to boxer shorts .
Last update : 20 February 2010
It was originally aired on November 12 , 2008 .
Protarchaeopteryx is a genus of turkey-sized feathered theropod dinosaur from China .
Wolves finally secured him on a permanent transfer at a cost of # 3 million , on a four and a half year deal .
From 1962-65 , Ford hosted a daytime talk\/variety show , The Tennessee Ernie Ford Show -LRB- later known as Hello , Peapickers -RRB- from KGO-TV in San Francisco , broadcast over the ABC television network .
The city is also the seat of the Bialystok-Gdansk Diocese of the Autocephalous Polish Orthodox Church .
Harlan Jay Ellison -LRB- born May 27 , 1934 -RRB- is an American writer .
populationof = popofyear =
Naming dispute In response to pressure from AOL , the program was renamed to the acronymous-but-lowercase gaim .
She rose to fame in teenage popular culture via her roles in the Fox series Party of Five , as Sarah Reeves , and the films I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel , as Julie James .
Javron-les-Chapelles is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Tollense is 68 km long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin .
, both with Baz Luhrmann .
Nothing of a general movement had been inaugurated , except for similarities found in the devotion to the Five Wounds by the Franciscans , in which the wound in Jesus 's heart figured most prominently .
Mother Teresa -LRB- 26 August 1910 - 5 September 1997 -RRB- , born Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu -LRB- pronounced -RRB- , was a Catholic nun of Albanian ethnicity and Indian citizenship , who founded the Missionaries of Charity in Calcutta , India in 1950 .
Due to the crime rate , the couple decides to move to a larger house in the safer neighborhood of Boca Raton , where Marley delights in swimming in the backyard pool .
Daniel Pouliot - drums -LRB- 2008 -- Present -RRB-
Houyet is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
History In May 1972 , William Millard began business individually as IMS Associates -LRB- IMS -RRB- in the area of computer consultancy and engineering , using his home as an office .
Today , in the interest of safety due to consumption of raw eggs , pies of this nature are usually baked for a short time .
An ordered list of preparation steps
13 Oct. 2009The Dorsland Trekkers , Tourbrief.com - The Dorsland TrekkersDorsland trekkers , klausdierks.com - CHRONOLOGY OF NAMIBIAN HISTORY .
-LRB-/O1/O-RRB- : '' strive for a society that overcomes class antagonisms '' , '' only the advancement of political to economic , and therefore social , democracy establishes the precondition for the realization of our basic principles '' Social corporatismGerassimos Moschonas , Gregory Elliot -LRB- translator -RRB- .
Côte - Nord -LRB- French for '' North Shore '' , area 247,627.06 km , or 95,609.34 sq mi -RRB- is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec , Canada , after Nord-du-Qu ébec .
Scene 10 : The Strolling Players On the hotel terrace after dinner , the guests assemble to watch the players .
They are slow-growing , evergreen shrubs or short trees , from tall , with sparse branches , sometimes bearing small thorns .
This phenomenon is known as a deletion anomaly .
Meowth is an urban nocturnal PokÃ mon , spending most of the daytime sleeping and prowling the city streets at night .
He based his account on an interview with Crazy Horse 's relative and rival , Little Big Man , who was present at Crazy Horse 's arrest and wounding . The interview took place over a year after Crazy Horse 's death .
Dordogne is the third largest department of France .
The university fortified its reputation for research in 1920 by reorganizing the College of Engineering and forming a potent advisory committee of 100 industrialists to guide academic research initiatives .
However , the AFL owners selected Oakland after Los Angeles Chargers owner Barron Hilton threatened to forfeit his franchise unless a second team was placed on the West Coast .
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling .
The film has the episodic quality of a road movie as much of the exposition thus takes place in the midst of the family 's relocations .
Spike may refer to :
The first laptop was probably invented in 1969 by .
Pennedepie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
This conception of centrifugal force is very different from the fictitious force .
He is also known for his role in Withnail and I , and for portraying the Eighth Doctor in the 1996 Doctor Who television movie and subsequent tie-in media .
Rodgers announced in May 2009 that the ` Queen + Paul Rodgers ' collaboration had come to an end , saying '' it was never meant to be a permanent arrangement '' .
A continent is one of several large landmasses on Earth .
Zachary Taylor -LRB- November 24 , 1784 â '' July 9 , 1850 -RRB- was the 12th President of the United States -LRB- 1849-1850 -RRB- and an American military leader .
He was also active as a sculptor .
Lesges is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Many whales exhibit behaviors such as breaching and tail slapping that expose large parts of their bodies to the air .
Red Bend Catholic College at Forbes is a co-educational high school , with the campus at the site of the former Marist Brothers ' College , on the banks of the Lachlan River .
Andreas Bernd Baader -LRB- 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 -RRB- was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof group .
Eternal flame , a constantly burning flame
The Pride of Erin Festival and Yass Show are held in March and the Yass Arts-and-Crafts Festival in November .
Current researchers find regulatory events at every conceivable level of the processes that express genetic information .
It is over three-thousand years old , and is said to be the world 's fastest field game , combining skills from lacrosse , field hockey , and baseball in a hard-hitting , highly skilled game .
The first former constable to be appointed Commissioner of Police of the City of London , in March 1950 , Young entrenched there his reputation as '' the policeman 's policeman '' .
Golfers play at the course of the Mansfield Golf Club on Kidston Parade .
It was released through Reprise Records on October 3 , 2000 .
Andrew Soltis , Chess Lists Second Edition , 2002 , McFarland & Company , Jefferson , North Carolina and London , pp .
In the southern hemisphere , the name mollymawk is still well established in some areas , which is a corrupted form of malle-mugge , an old Dutch name for the Northern Fulmar .
In 1960 , at the age of 23 , Tal thoroughly defeated the relatively staid and strategic Mikhail Botvinnik in a World Championship match , held in Moscow , by 12 1/2 -- 8 1/2 -LRB- six wins , two losses , and thirteen draws -RRB- , making him the youngest-ever world champion -LRB- a record later broken by Garry Kasparov , who earned the title at 22 -RRB- .
Cramaille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The term is also used to denote the climate encountered in regions too dry to support a forest , but not dry enough to be a desert .
The gearbox provided three forward and reverse gears in either high or low range , with top speed ranging from 5 mph -LRB- 8 km/h -RRB- in 1st gear , low range up to 36 mph -LRB- 58 km/h -RRB- .
On June 12 the song soared to # 1 , jumping 26 spots from # 27 position .
Xena : Warrior Princess is an American supernatural fantasy adventure series that aired in syndication from September 4 , 1995 until June 18 , 2001 .
Because of the indigestible components of plants such as raw cellulose and starch , certain parts of the plant such as stems , mature leaves , enlarged roots , and tubers would not have been part of the hominid diet prior to the advent of fire .
This is generally reckoned the most successful and deeply considered compilation of open problems ever to be produced by an individual mathematician .
During 1831 his father legally recognized him and ensured that the young Dumas received the best education possible at the Institution Goubaux and the Collège Bourbon .
The first one to be founded was the Arthur Ransome Club in Japan .
JÃ 1\/4 rgen Grabowski -LRB- born July 7 , 1944 in Wiesbaden -RRB- is a former German footballer .
The hind wing is yellow-orange in males and white in females .
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
Hertha was banned from play against East German teams in the 1949-50 season after taking on several players and a coach who had fled the Dresden club SG Friedrichstadt for West Berlin .
The name came from two meaning .
Its natural habitats are temperate forests , rivers , swamps , freshwater springs , and irrigated land .
He started dating fellow student Cindy Silva in March 1975 , and their subsequent marriage three years later produced three children : Annie -LRB- born in 1984 -RRB- , Lily -LRB- born in 1986 -RRB- , and Joe -LRB- born in 1988 -RRB- .
Founded in 1 June 1905 , it currently plays in Spanish first division .
Horrors also frequently overlap with the thriller genre .
He beats Brandon 's wife , Brenda -LRB- Rebecca Chan -RRB- , in a case , and started working there .
Valves are technically pipe fittings , but are usually discussed as a separate category .
Refraction of light is the most commonly observed phenomenon , but any type of wave can refract when it interacts with a medium , for example when sound waves pass from one medium into another or when water waves move into water of a different depth .
Background History of war 's name The war was commonly referred to as the Gulf War or Persian Gulf War until the Iraq-Kuwait conflict -LRB- Operation Desert Storm Jan-Feb 1991 -RRB- , and for a while thereafter as the First Persian Gulf War .
They are found in all regions of the Earth except Antarctica , most of Greenland and some remote islands .
Ganesha has the head of an elephant and a big belly .
His early works , such as Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka , were heavily influenced by his Ukrainian upbringing and identity .
Raymond Kopa -LRB- born Kopaszewski , on October 13 , 1931 in NÅ '' ux-les-Mines , Pas-de-Calais -RRB- , is a former French football striker , integral to the French national team of the 1950s .
Aida was first performed at the Khedivial Opera House in Cairo on 24 December 1871 , conducted by Giovanni Bottesini .
Robert Esche -LRB- born January 22 , 1978 in Whitesboro , New York -RRB- is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for SKA Saint Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League -LRB- KHL -RRB- .
In 1990 the whole city was renamed ZlÃ n.
Jacqueline Jill '' Jacqui '' Smith -LRB- born 3 November 1962 -RRB- is a member of the British Labor Party .
Born in Yokosuka , Kanagawa prefecture on January 8 , 1942 , Koizumi was educated at Yokosuka High School and Keio University , where he studied economics .
Compliance risks In addition to the malicious code threat , the use of instant messaging at work also creates a risk of non-compliance to laws and regulations governing the use of electronic communications in businesses .
The first production Countach was delivered to an Australian in 1974 .
Berikon is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
According to certain Euclidean space perceptions , the universe has three dimensions of space and one dimension of time .
The current mayor is Karl Bonny .
Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees , native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere , in Asia -LRB- where the greatest species diversity is found -RRB- , Europe and eastern North America ; it is not native to western North America .
Throughout the game , the player is accompanied by a nameless dog that laughs at the player if no duck is hit , and congratulates the player if a duck is hit .
He founded Thomas Heatherwick Studio -LRB- now called just Heatherwick Studio -RRB- in 1994 with his aim being '' to bring architecture , design and sculpture together within a single practice '' .
1971 & ndash ; Sold , dismantled and moved to the United States , London Bridge reopens in Lake Havasu City , Arizona .
Hektor is one of the most elongated bodies of its size in the solar system , being 370 Ã -- 200 km .
-LRB-/O1979/O-RRB- .
The Rashidun Caliphate -LRB- -RRB- , comprising the first four caliphs in Islam 's history , was founded after Muhammad 's death in 632 .
The City of Coral Springs was chartered on July 10 , 1963 .
The Dalai Lama -LRB- ; -RRB- is a Buddhist leader of religious officials of the Gelug or '' Yellow Hat '' branch of Tibetan Buddhism .
Following their liberation by the Persian conqueror , Cyrus The Great , Judean exiles returned to Jerusalem early in the following Persian period , inaugurating the formative period in the development of a distinctive Judahite identity in the Persian province of Yehud .
She resided on the island alone for 18 years before she was found by Captain George Nidever and his crew in 1853 and brought back to Santa Barbara .
Numbers declined for the 1904 Games in St. Louis , Missouri , United States , due in part to the lengthy transatlantic boat trip required of the European competitors , and the integration with the Louisiana Purchase Exposition World 's Fair , which again spread the event out over an extended period .
The hurricane matched the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record -LRB- it has since dropped to seventh -RRB- .
The failure of Germany to achieve its objectives of destroying Britain 's air defences , or forcing Britain to negotiate an armistice or an outright surrender , is considered its first major defeat and one of the crucial turning points in the war .
The state is a political and geopolitical entity ; the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity .
His major works include the novels Querelle of Brest , The Thief 's Journal , and Our Lady of the Flowers , and the plays The Balcony , The Blacks , The Maids and The Screens .
Webster 's New World College Dictionary , 4th Edition ; Oxford English Dictionary .
An intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- , critical care unit -LRB- CCU -RRB- , intensive therapy unit or intensive treatment unit -LRB- ITU -RRB- is a specialized department used in many countries ' hospitals that provides intensive care medicine .
However , most scholars think Dionysius placed the birth of Jesus in the previous year , 1 BC .
The Cape May Bird Observatory , as part of the New Jersey Audubon Society , also helps to organize the World Series of Birding each May .
The only video game that Ash has truly appeared in to date is Pokémon Puzzle League , where he tries to become a Pokémon Puzzle Master .
Weight training is a common type of strength training for developing the strength and size of skeletal muscles .
Skip O'Pot2Mus -- drums -LRB- 1993 -- 1995 -RRB-
eMedicineSubj = med
A number of species manage to live on sub-Antarctic islands like South Georgia and the Auckland Islands .
It was released in North America on February 20 , 2007 , and worldwide by February 23 , 2007 .
One of the ideas was Cow and Chicken .
An academic and former Foreign Minister of Egypt , Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several world crises , including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan Genocide .
The line of march was now stretched out perilously long â '' estimates are that it surpassed 15 km -LRB- 9 miles -RRB- , and was perhaps as long as 20 km -LRB- 12 miles -RRB- .
Scotland -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : Alba -RRB- is a state of the United Kingdom -LRB- UK -RRB- .
In the book , he is a sleepy , serious bear who taught Mowgli the Law of the Jungle .
1683 & ndash ; George II of Great Britain -LRB- d. 1760 -RRB-
Professional & semi professional sports teams include : Leicester Tigers -LRB- rugby union -RRB- , Leicester City -LRB- football -RRB- , Leicester Coritanian A.C. -LRB- Athletics -RRB- , and the Leicestershire County Cricket Club .
In 2009 , they moved into a new stadium , also called '' Yankee Stadium '' .
Over the course of the following decade their landscape painting excursions together , in Louveciennes and Pontoise , led to a collaborative working relationship between equals .
The 2002 event featured the Raw and SmackDown !
Duruflé became titular organist of St - Étienne - du-Mont in Paris in 1929 , a position he held for the rest of his life .
The series premiered on January 22 , 2003 on the American cable television network Comedy Central .
Two types of chambers are contemplated by Article 26 : firstly , chambers for special categories of cases , and second , the formation of ad hoc chambers to hear particular disputes .
Dungannon is a medium-sized town in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
It is often referred to in the West by the more casual title , '' Tibetan Book of the Dead '' , a name which draws a parallel with the ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead , another funerary text .
Faith No More have also been described as funk metal that dabbled in rap-metal .
Meatballs are usually prepared and rolled by hand , and are cooked by frying , baking , steaming , or braising in sauce .
January 28 -- STS-51-L : Space Shuttle Challenger disintegrates 73 seconds after launch , killing the crew of 7 astronauts , including schoolteacher Christa McAuliffe -LRB- see Space Shuttle Challenger disaster -RRB- .
In 1976 , De Laurentiis relocated to the USA where he set up studios , eventually creating his own studio De Laurentiis Entertainment Group -LRB- DEG -RRB- based in Wilmington , North Carolina ; the building of the studio quickly made Wilmington a busy center of film and television production .
In Scotland , the bank operates as Lloyds TSB Scotland Plc./ORGANIZATION. Following the acquisition of HBOS in 2008 , the parent Lloyds TSB Group was renamed Lloyds Banking Group .
Ernest Gary Gygax -LRB- July 27 , 1938 â '' March 4 , 2008 ; last name pronounced -RRB- was an American writer and game designer best known for co-creating the pioneering role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons -LRB- D&D -RRB- with Dave Arneson .
The team interrupted the first ever Carlito 's Cabana interview segment , where one half of the WWE Tag Team Champions , Rey Mysterio , was a guest .
Hatred for Lincoln 's draft climaxed just ten days after the Battle of Gettysburg with the New York Draft Riots .
They orbit each other with a period of 15.4 hours , which roughly indicates that the binary is very close -- the separation being of the order of 10 -- 20 km , if typical asteroid albedo and density values are assumed .
Jorge Alberto Francisco Valdano Castellanos -LRB- born October 4 , 1955 in Las Parejas , Santa Fe Province -RRB- is an Argentine former football player and the current General Manager of Real Madrid CF .
The gut flora can prevent the colonization of pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or attachment to cell surfaces .
Lomana Trésor LuaLua -LRB- , born 28 December 1980 -RRB- is a footballer who plays for Cypriot side AC Omonia and the Congo DR national football team .
Whaling is the hunting of whales mainly for meat and oil .
In Germanic paganism , Baduhenna is a goddess .
A handcart is pulled or pushed by one or more people .
Braille was devised in 1821 by Louis Braille , a blind Frenchman .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2004 from pictures taken in 2003 , and originally received the temporary designation .
Intended for consumption during physically active occasions , Gatorade beverages are formulated to rehydrate and replenish fluid , carbohydrates and electrolytes .
Le Chevain is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The processor family used a more advanced version of the Intel P6 microarchitecture .
Joseph Addison -LRB- 1 May 1672 â '' 17 June 1719 -RRB- was an English essayist , poet , playwright and politician .
Canberra -LRB- -RRB- is the capital city of Australia .
Kontich -LRB- old spelling : Contich -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
1970 & ndash ; Vietnam War : United States and South Vietnamese forces invade Cambodia to hunt Viet Cong .
Today , the well 's original depth is only about 20 ' / 6m at best after wet weather and is unfit for drinking .
Aguilera refers to the lock up mentioned in the beginning of the song to her being a prisoner of her dreams .
The term can describe stories focused primarily on character and emotion ; SFWA Grand Master Ray Bradbury is an acknowledged master of this art .
Painter is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
It can refer to discrete-time signals that have a discrete number of levels , for example a sampled and quantified analog signal , or to the continuous-time waveform signals in a digital system , representing a bit-stream .
The University of Padua -LRB- Italian Università degli Studi di Padova , UNIPD , Venetian Università de i Studi de Pàdoa -RRB- , located in Padua , Italy , was founded in 1222 .
The San Joaquin River 's tributaries include the Stanislaus River , Tuolumne River , Merced River , Calaveras River and Mokelumne River .
The All Jammu and Kashmir National Conference , led by Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah , espoused a secular ideology and wished to create a secular , democratic but independent Kashmir with close ties to India .
Access to specially protected areas -LRB- 550 kmÂ -RRB- constituted under the act is by permit only .
If a child lives with both parents , each parent shares '' joint physical custody '' and each parent is said to be a '' custodial parent '' .
She also restored the original Precinct of Mut , the ancient great goddess of Egypt , at Karnak that had been ravaged by the foreign rulers during the Hyksos occupation .
Sukkur , originally Khairpur , was a division of Pakistan until the divisions of Pakistan were dissolved in 2000 .
They were often touring during his childhood , and he was brought up in Trieste for the most part .
Yaropolk Rostislavich , Russian Grand Prince
Al Jean -LRB- born January 9 , 1961 Detroit , Michigan -RRB- is an American screenwriter and producer , best known for his work on The Simpsons .
Most days with the yellow jersey in the Tour de France : 96 .
CTW produced the show at Teletape Studios Second Stage in Manhattan .
Mew appears in the PokÃ mon Adventures series of PokÃ mon manga .
Lifespan The average lifespan of a mink is 8 years in captivity , with the maximum being 10 years .
Heurtevent is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The Coscoroba Swan , Coscoroba coscoroba , is the smallest species of swan .
On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic , which became commonly referred to as -LRB- East Germany -RRB- , was established in the Soviet Occupation Zone .
Lido Vieri -LRB- born 16 July 1939 in Piombino -RRB- is a former Italian football goalkeeper .
Tamon Machida is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sony Sendai F.C. .
The peculiarities of the Greek system are further evidenced by the colonies that they set up throughout the Mediterranean Sea , which , though they might count a certain Greek polis as their ` mother ' -LRB- and remain sympathetic to her -RRB- , were completely independent of the founding city .
Birds can act as vectors for spreading diseases such as psittacosis , salmonellosis , campylobacteriosis , mycobacteriosis -LRB- avian tuberculosis -RRB- , avian influenza -LRB- bird flu -RRB- , giardiasis , and cryptosporidiosis over long distances .
In 1957 , this small port town was chosen to be the capital of the new country , and an ambitious building program was begun to increase its population to 15,000 .
The Federal Ministry of Justice -LRB- or BMJ -RRB- is a federal ministry in Germany .
Flag-bearers from each participating country enter the stadium , followed by the athletes who enter together , without any national distinction .
The growth of the larynx itself during puberty is responsible for the vocal instability in teenage boys .
-LRB- quadrupeds , birds , fishes -RRB- folio , 1551-1558 , at ZÃ 1\/4 rich , a fifth -LRB- snakes -RRB- being issued in 1587 -LRB- there is a German translation , entitled Thierbuch , of the first 4 vols . , ZÃ 1\/4 rich , 1563 -RRB- : this work is the starting-point of modern zoology .
During the journey , Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah -LRB- Carla Gugino -RRB- who 's never had a human family , but is forced to leave her behind by Shadow and Riley -LRB- voiced by Sinbad -RRB- , the leader of Delilah 's pack .
In contrast to the more traditional family-friendly content that was common in WWF programming , the Attitude Era sought to attract the young adult demographic by transforming the product into an edgier form of entertainment .
By 1992 , the Madchester scene had died and along with The Manics , some new British bands were beginning to appear .
He is a prince in his own colony , and worships Cama Zotz , the brother of Nocturna , whom the Silverwings and other bats like them believe in .
David Bowie -LRB- ; born David Robert Jones , 8 January 1947 -RRB- is an English rock musician , who has also worked as an actor , record producer and arranger .
He was a proponent of utilitarianism , an ethical theory developed by Jeremy Bentham , although his conception of it was very different from Bentham 's .
It often results from the bacterial breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen , such as in swamps and sewers -LRB- anaerobic digestion -RRB- .
The pipits are a cosmopolitan genus , Anthus , of small passerine birds with medium to long tails .
1 Ci = 3.7 × 1010 decays per second or becquerels .
The record football attendance at the stadium is 47,348 , which was set at a Premier League game against Chelsea on 5 December 2009 .
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina
This was an upper reach of the Murray River so named by Charles Sturt a few years later .
or The Reading Adventures of Super Why !
Xenon was discovered in England by William Ramsay and Morris Travers on July 12 , 1898 , shortly after their discovery of the elements krypton and neon .
History Neptunium -LRB- named for the planet Neptune , the next planet out from Uranus , after which uranium was named -RRB- was first discovered by Edwin McMillan and Philip H. Abelson in the year 1940 in Berkeley , California .
Examples of this are when uranium becomes thorium , or radium becomes radon gas due to alpha decay .
Football League One -LRB- often referred to as League One for short or Npower League 1 for sponsorship reasons -RRB- is the second-highest division of The Football League and third-highest division overall in the English football league system .
The group changed its name when it signed to PS Company .
Buellas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Rainfall is scant throughout the year , apart from the occasional thunderstorm , though in March 1949 and January 1974 the town received around or twice its average annual rainfall .
For sales of Homefront to Japan , the game has been censored by removing all references to North Korea including pictures of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il .
Malabo is the capital and the second largest city of Equatorial Guinea , located on the northern coast of Bioko Island -LRB- formerly Fernando PÃ -RRB- on the rim of a sunken volcano .
Manhattan , New York , United States
Claude Marion Akins -LRB- May 25 , 1926 -- January 27 , 1994 -RRB- was an American actor .
Origins Related Articles : Frank Williams Racing Cars & Walter Wolf Racing Frank Williams started the current Williams team in 1977 after his previous outfit , Frank Williams Racing Cars , failed to achieve the success he desired .
A minority of the outlying parts of town fall under other school districts in the Phoenix Metro Area , including the Cave Creek Unified School District , Paradise Valley Unified School District , Phoenix Union High School District , Tempe Union High School District , and the Balsz Elementary School District .
A broad area of low pressure formed within the wave the next day while located 260 mi -LRB- 420 km -RRB- southeast of the Cape Verde islands .
With a diameter of about 950 k , Ceres is by far the largest and most massive body in the asteroid belt , and contains almost a third -LRB- 32 % -RRB- of the belt 's total mass/O. .
1962 & ndash ; An avalanche on Huascaran in Peru causes 4,000 deaths .
Chinese civilization originated in various regional centers along both the Yellow River and the Yangtze River valleys in the Neolithic era , but the Yellow River is said to be the Cradle of Chinese Civilization .
Prior to the arrival of Europeans to Australia , Indigenous Australians played a form of the game where two groups of men would kick a possum skin '' ball '' around .
This is because radians have a mathematical '' naturalness '' that leads to a more elegant formulation of a number of important results .
Clunes is a town in Victoria , Australia , located 36 kilometres north of Ballarat , in the Shire of Hepburn .
In the 2001 general election he was elected to the House of Commons and became one of the most high profile politicians in the country .
History United States For many years New York Telephone -LRB- now a unit of Verizon -RRB- used 2-1-1 as an automated credit request number for disconnected or mis-dialed calls .
Mammaliaformes -LRB- '' mammal-shaped '' -RRB- is a clade that contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives .
He finished the season with 12 wins , allowing the fewest goals against .
The Mariana Islands -LRB- also the Marianas ; up to the early 20th century sometimes called Ladrones Islands , from Spanish Islas de los Ladrones meaning '' Islands of Thieves '' -RRB- are an arc-shaped archipelago made up by the summits of 15 volcanic mountains in the north-western Pacific Ocean between the 12th and 21st parallels north and along the 145th meridian east .
When he was 3 years old , his mother died , forcing his father to send him and his brother Carl to an orphanage , as Benny 's father could not take care of them .
It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with the Royal Opera , Covent Garden .
Georges Auguste Escoffier -LRB- 28 October 1846 -- 12 February 1935 -RRB- was a French chef , restaurateur and culinary writer who popularized and updated traditional French cooking methods .
The game has a non-linear storyline and features gameplay elements such as trading and two-way communication with NPCs .
The Family Edition , like the prior version , includes parental controls and the information filtering feature .
After many years of planning , Ravenscraig will be ` regenerated ' and rebuilt by three equal shareholders : Wilson Bowden Developments Ltd , Scottish Enterprise and Corus . The project will be one of the largest regenerations in Europe , with 400 a being developed .
He began work as music critic for the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung , a newspaper in Leipzig , and his articles on Beethoven were especially well received , and highly regarded by the composer himself .
Brevig Mission is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska .
East of Middle Street in Honolulu -LRB- exit 19A -RRB- , H-1 is also known as the Lunalilo Freeway and is sometimes signed as such at older signs in central Honolulu .
Balleroy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He is a budding singer and pianist .
,
The movement has grown dramatically since its early days â '' for example the number of athletes participating in the Summer Paralympic Games has increased from 400 athletes in Rome in 1960 to over 3,900 athletes from 146 countries in Beijing in 2008 .
Because its main function is to nurture the developing sperm cells through the stages of spermatogenesis , the Sertoli cell has also been called the '' mother '' or '' nurse '' cell .
In some chordates , it persists throughout life as the main axial support of the body , while in most vertebrates it is replaced by the vertebral column .
As Neptune was the Roman god of the sea , the planet 's moons have been named after lesser sea gods .
The Kelvin scale is the difference between these two reference points , with the kelvin defined as one 273.16 th of this scale .
Grover is then appointed as the Lord of the Wild , causing him to collapse with joy on the spot .
For a right-handed player , this means that a backhand begins on the left side of the body , continues across the body as contact is made with the ball , and ends on the right side of the body , with the racquet over the left shoulder .
As of 2000 , the population was 37,077 and the newest population estimate is 45,000 .
Halsou -LRB- Basque Haltsu -RRB- is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
In the Middle Ages , boroughs were settlements in England that were granted some self-government ; burghs were the Scottish equivalent .
Richard Clarke -LRB- US counter-terrorism czar -RRB- , Michael Sheehan , and James Rubin participated in what they called '' Operation Orient Express '' .
The Treaty of Shimonoseki -LRB- Japanese : ä é -- cents æ ç , '' Shimonoseki JÅ yaku '' -RRB- , known as the Treaty of Maguan in China , was signed at the ShunpanrÅ hall on April 17 , 1895 , between the Empire of Japan and Qing Empire of China , ending the First Sino-Japanese War .
Climate in the Maya region can vary tremendously , as the low-lying areas are particularly susceptible to the hurricanes and tropical storms that frequent the Caribbean .
The name Indiana University Bloomington is not an official campus name , and is only used for clarity .
It is unknown what led to her death , however some historians have speculated that she may have taken her own life due to depression , brought on by the death of her sister , Maggie , two years earlier .
By combining space and time into a single manifold , physicists have significantly simplified a large number of physical theories , as well as described in a more uniform way the workings of the universe at both the supergalactic and subatomic levels .
Early photographers often depicted the nudity of women like the one we see here by FÃ lix-Jacques Moulin .
Lambert was a prodigy , writing orchestral works from the age of 13 , and at 20 received a commission to write a ballet for Sergei Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes -LRB- Romeo and Juliet -RRB- .
Investments are also usually not considered gambling , although some investments can involve significant risk . Examples of investments include stocks , bonds and real estate .
After three ruling Lancastrian monarchs , the crown passed to three Yorkist monarchs , the last of whom , Richard III , was killed in battle during 1485 .
The kora is a 21-string bridge-harp used extensively by people in West Africa .
James Brian Jacques -LRB- pronounced '' Jakes '' -RRB- -LRB- born 15 June 1939 -RRB- is an English author , best known for his Redwall series of novels , as well as the Tribes of Redwall and Castaways of the Flying Dutchman series .
These date from 1911 , 1919 and 1945 .
All cyclists who have won the Tour de France five or more times have also won the Dauphiné Libéré .
Barcelona -LRB- Catalan , Spanish -RRB- is the capital and the most populous city of the Autonomous Community of Catalonia and the second largest city in Spain , after Madrid , with a population of 1,621,537 within its administrative limits on a land area of .
The new company , Famous Players-Lasky Corporation , grew quickly , with Lasky and his partners Goldfish and DeMille running the production side , Hiram Abrams in charge of distribution , and Zukor making great plans .
During the multinational occupation of post-World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway and road access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control .
Kardashian wrote a book , Kardashian Konfidential , with her sisters Kim and Kourtney , which was released on November 23 , 2010 .
The design , published in 1997 , is a forerunner to the Rijndael algorithm , which has been adopted as the Advanced Encryption Standard .
Garching bei MÃ 1\/4 nchen or Garching is a city in Bavaria , Germany near Munich .
News follows that the King of Bantam has died , and that Luckless is to be made the new king .
781 BC & ndash ; The first historic solar eclipse is recorded in China .
Matteo Brighi -LRB- born February 14 , 1981 in Rimini -RRB- is an Italian football player , currently a midfielder for Serie A club Roma .
Later , the two men find another truck loaded with weapons , however when they meet the girls again , the girls attempt once more to steal their truck until Columbus proposes a truce and suggests they travel together .
She also competed in chess tournaments with some of the world 's leading male chess masters , defeating many of them , including future World Champion Max Euwe .
On June 28 , 2007 , Thomas hit the 500th home run of his career , becoming the 21st player in the history of Major League Baseball to do so .
1993 & ndash ; Russian Constitutional Crisis : In Moscow , tanks bombard the White House , a government building that housed the Russian parliament , while demonstrators against President Boris Yeltsin rally outside .
At its first meeting the DÃ il adopted a brief , provisional constitution known as the DÃ il Constitution , as well as a series of basic laws , notably the Democratic Programme .
The village gave its name to Cheddar cheese , which is the most popular type of cheese in the United Kingdom .
A chador is a full-length semicircle of fabric open down the front , which is thrown over the head and held closed in front .
Sir Andrew Francis Davis CBE -LRB- born 2 February 1944 -RRB- is a British conductor .
His famous Decca Das Lied von der Erde with Kathleen Ferrier , Julius Patzak , and the Vienna Philharmonic was made in May , 1952 , and he recorded it again in studio with the New York Philharmonic in 1960 .
The microscope has a greater resolving power than a light-powered optical microscope , because it uses electrons that have wavelengths about 100,000 times shorter than visible light -LRB- photons -RRB- , and can achieve magnifications of up to 2,000,000 x , whereas light microscopes are limited to 2000x magnification .
It is situated on the Princes Highway and is near the western end of the Great Ocean Road .
Barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate with coke , carbon black or tar .
He sent copies of the book to leading political and military figures throughout Europe .
The storm became stationary , though it later turned to the west and weakened on May 29 .
Edward I -LRB- 17/18 June 1239 -- 7 July 1307 -RRB- , also known as Edward Longshanks , was King of England from 1272 to 1307 .
Aalborg was founded about 700 A.D. and was mentioned for the first time in 1040 .
Malakand District is one of the districts in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Nílton Reis dos Santos -LRB- born May 16 1925 -RRB- is a Brazilian former football defender .
He won several victories , including the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 , during which he was killed .
This design of a pixelated , dimetric projection domestic scene has been compared to The Sims .
False Pass -LRB- Isanax in Aleut -RRB- is a city in Aleutians East Borough , Alaska , United States .
The nostrils and the mouth are at the distal end of the snout ; the mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 m/O. The body of the Short-beaked Echidna is , with the exception of the underside , face and legs , covered with cream-coloured spines .
This league from Europe and South America to play in American and Canadian cities , with each club bearing a local name .
It can either be detached from a larger unit for a specific function or -LRB- particularly in United States Military usage -RRB- be a permanent unit smaller than a battalion .
Varkala is a well-known tourist destination .
On 5 September 1879 , Camille Monet died of tuberculosis at the age of thirty-two ; Monet painted her on her death bed .
During this period , Mao was called Chairman Mao or the Great Leader Chairman Mao .
It is in the southern part of Finland , on the shore of the Gulf of Finland , by the Baltic Sea .
The largest city in Thailand is Bangkok , the capital , which is also the country 's center of political , commercial , industrial and cultural activities .
__ NOTOC __
Sport England is the brand name for the English Sports Council and is a non-departmental public body under the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
Climate The town of Alice Springs straddles the usually dry Todd River on the northern side of the MacDonnell Ranges .
Starch is processed to produce many of the sugars in processed foods .
The Calgary Stampede is an annual rodeo , exhibition and festival held every July in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
This meant Arlene maintained its position as the most commonly used name for Atlantic storms .
Mayfield is a city in Graves County , Kentucky , United States .
The superficially similar Bryozoa -LRB- Ectoprocta -RRB- have the anus outside a '' crown '' of hollow tentacles .
The Linux kernel itself was 2.4 million lines of code , or 8 % of the total .
Simone Perrotta , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , -LRB- born September 17 , 1977 in Ashton-under-Lyne , England -RRB- is an English-born Italian World Cup-winning footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Roma .
Early years Pena was born in Hyannis , Massachusetts .
1948 & ndash ; Indian pacifist and leader Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi is assassinated by Nathuram Godse , a Hindu extremist .
Niederkell - Kell am See : 4,0 km
Several versions of the single featured an original demo version of the song .
He has held his current post , the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry , at MIT since 1989 .
In organic chemistry , functional groups are specific groups of atoms within molecules that are responsible for the characteristic chemical reactions of those molecules .
Former municipalities The former City of Halifax was incorporated in 1841 and dissolved in 1996 when the HRM was formed .
The first known document reporting temperatures in this modern '' forward '' Celsius scale is the paper Hortus Upsaliensis dated 16 December 1745 that Linnaeus wrote to a student of his , Samuel NauclÃ r/O. In it , Linnaeus recounted the temperatures inside the orangery at the Botanical Garden of Uppsala University :
The Cat Who Came to Breakfast -LRB-/O1994/O-RRB-
In recent years , baseball caps have changed very little , although over time , the peak has enlarged slightly to further protect the player 's eyes from the sun .
It is also useful in agriculture and horticulture because the adult stages of some predatory insects feed on nectar .
Boundary changes at the 2010 general election have transferred the community of Whitburn into the South Shields constituency from the neighbouring Jarrow seat .
There are four schools in Buntingford :
Vishnyakova was kept from seeing Rasputin after she made her accusation and was eventually dismissed from her post in 1913 .
Lavigne wrote the song after asking Disney executives and film director Tim Burton if she could write a song for the film .
After receiving his commission , Robinson was reassigned to Fort Hood , Texas , where he joined the 761st '' Black Panthers '' Tank Battalion .
This is usually worn if both the home and away kits clash with their opponents .
As branch-of-service identification , Wehrmacht vehicles had an alpha-numeric identity license plate reading WH for the Heer , WL for the Luftwaffe , and WM for the Kriegsmarine , plus , SS for the '' Waffen-SS '' .
Another disabled athlete to appear in the Olympics prior to the Paralympic Games was Liz Hartel , a Danish equestrian athlete who had contracted polio in 1943 and won a silver medal in the dressage event .
The 2009 Romanian bus-train collision occurred on August 14 , 2009 at 14:10 local time -LRB- UTC +3 -RRB- when at least 14 people died after a collision between a bus and a train in ScÃ cents nteia , IaÅ i County , Romania on County Road 248C .
On October 16 â '' 17 , a severe gale was experienced in Dominica and Martinique .
History In 1998 , Kobuchi and Kuroda met each other in Sakai and formed Kobukuro .
History Their debut single , '' X-Ray '' , was released on Promise records on 28 November 2005 , and received some evening play on London radio station Xfm London .
The Free City of Danzig -LRB- Gdansk -RRB- included the major city of Danzig -LRB- GdaÅ sk -RRB- as well as Zoppot -LRB- Sopot -RRB- , Oliva -LRB- Oliwa -RRB- , Tiegenhof -LRB- Nowy DwÃ r GdaÅ ski -RRB- , Neuteich -LRB- Nowy Staw -RRB- and some 252 villages and 63 hamlets , covering a total area of 1,966 square kilometers .
Karma -LRB- literally : action -RRB- is the sum of one 's actions and the force that determines one 's next reincarnation .
Offrethun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The next bout was for the WWE Women 's Championship , in which the champion , Candice Michelle , defended against Beth Phoenix .
In addition to singing , Duff has also wrote and co-wrote several songs for her sister Hilary 's studio albums , Metamorphosis and Hilary Duff , as well as the song '' Gypsy Woman '' , on Hilary 's third studio album , Dignity .
The great majority of Class 45s were withdrawn between 1981 and 1988 and the last was withdrawn from service by 1989 .
Consensus describes the primary way in which editorial decisions are made on Wikipedia .
Eddie James '' Son '' House , Jr. -LRB- March 21 , 1902 -LRB- ? -RRB-
In 1971 , Harnoncourt started a joint project with conductor Gustav Leonhardt to record all of J.S. Bach 's cantatas .
As the home of the sauna , Finnish sauna culture is well established , there are built-in-sauna in almost every house in Finland .
The POV of the editor-in-chief
All UN member states regard its territory as de jure part of Moldova .
It was formerly a Soviet design bureau , and was founded by Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich as '' Mikoyan and Gurevich '' , with the bureau prefix '' MiG . ''
Pronouns without antecedents are also called unprecursed pronouns .
He won the Dauphiné in 2002 and 2003 , but was defeated by Iban Mayo in 2004 , primarily by Mayo 's strong climb of Mont Ventoux .
Murder of William Douglas , 8th Earl of Douglas by James II of Scotland at Stirling Castle .
Noyales is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The XG finished 2nd in its first race at Michigan on July 27 , 2003 .
Tulsa Public Schools is an independent school district serving the Tulsa , Oklahoma area in Northeastern Oklahoma .
Petroglyphs - carvings into stone surfaces
Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , Artemis , the Charites , Heracles , Dionysus , Hebe , and Persephone were children of Zeus .
During the Second World War , much of Walt Disney 's staff was drafted into the army , and those that remained were called upon by the U.S. government to make training and propaganda films .
The British Rail Class 365 '' Networker Express '' are dual-voltage -LRB- 25 kV AC and 750 V DC -RRB- electric multiple units built by ABB at York from 1994 to 1995 .
The mice retreat , taking their dead leader with them .
Walter Edward '' Turk '' Broda -LRB- May 15 , 1914 - October 17 , 1972 -RRB- was an ice hockey goaltender , playing his entire career for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
The severity of BDD was assessed using the Yaleâ '' Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale modified for BDD , and symptoms were assessed using a Body Dysmorphic Disorder Examination Sheet .
Logan is seen quoting Bishop 's teachings at the last level , implying his respect towards Bishop -LRB- to which Bishop replied , '' Who said that horse shit ? '' -RRB- .
East Azerbaijan or East Azarbaijan -LRB- ; Azeri : Ø Ø Ù Û Ø cents Ø Ø Ø Ø Û Ø Ø Ù \/O/ Å É rqi AzÉ rbaycan -RRB- is one of the 30 provinces of Iran .
UCF is a member institution of the State University System of Florida , and is currently the largest university in the state , and the third-largest university in the United States by enrollment .
Methods of romanization include transliteration , representing written text , and transcription , representing the spoken word .
A prominent pupil of Raphael , his stylistic deviations from high Renaissance classicism help define the 16th-century style known as Mannerism .
Approximately three metres long , two metres high at the shoulder and weighing up to two tonnes , it resembled a giant wombat .
The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is an international humanitarian movement with approximately 97 million volunteers , members and staff worldwide which was founded to protect human life and health , to ensure respect for all human beings , and to prevent and alleviate human suffering , without any discrimination based on nationality , race , sex , religious beliefs , class or political opinions .
The bilabial consonants identified by the International Phonetic Alphabet -LRB- IPA -RRB- are :
An extra 500,000 people enter the city during a weekday .
His catch phrase became '' I Lie !
The next day the system dropped more rainfall as it passed to the west of the island , and in the two day period precipitation accumulated to 2.12 inches -LRB- 53.8 mm -RRB- at the Bermuda International Airport , accounting for 35 % of the monthly rainfall total .
Reprise Records is an American record label , founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra .
Julie Taymor -LRB- born December 15 , 1952 -RRB- is an American director of theater , opera and film .
In 1987 his duet with Jennifer Warnes , '' -LRB- I 've Had -RRB- The Time of My Life '' , was included on the Dirty Dancing soundtrack album and the single reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 .
He has reported for Independent Television News -LRB- ITN -RRB- .
In countries where wireless and wired broadband access points are not available , iPass ' legacy dialup service can be used , in which one calls a local or toll-free phone number that connects to the Internet .
Originally founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1929 to enter amateur drivers in various races , in 1933 Scuderia Ferrari became the acting racing team of Alfa Romeo .
2001 -LRB- MMI -RRB- was a common year that started on a Monday .
The crystallization process consists of two major events , nucleation and crystal growth .
Atlantic Records -LRB- Atlantic Recording Corporation -RRB- is an American record label best known for its many recordings of rhythm and blues , rock and roll , and jazz .
Within this method , the extent of spiral banding and difference in temperature between the eye and eyewall is used to assign a maximum sustained wind and a central pressure .
Other people and groups arrested or fined were scientist Peter Lee -LRB- no relation -RRB- , who was arrested for allegedly giving submarine radar secrets to China , and Loral Space & Communications and Hughes Electronics who gave China missile secrets .
The outer-outer dakini is a dakini in human form .
Killer Whale -LRB- Orca -RRB- , Orcinus orca
Full genome sequencing has resulted in the conclusion that '' after 6.5 -LSB- million -RSB- years of separate evolution , the differences between chimpanzee and human are ten times greater than those between two unrelated people and ten times less than those between rats and mice '' .
The Taínos were historically enemies of the neighboring Carib tribes , another group with origins in South America who lived principally in the Lesser Antilles .
It is the sequel to the 1986 MSX game Guardic , and was published and released in Japan by Irem in 1988 , in North America by Brøderbund in 1989 , and in Europe by Nintendo in 1990 .
Das Rheingold requires the following additional instruments : Bass Drum 18 AnvilsAnvils are used only in Das Rheingold .
Henry made the boy Simnel a servant in the royal kitchen .
Husserl taught philosophy , as a Privatdozent at Halle from 1887 , then as professor , first at Göttingen from 1901 , then at Freiburg im Breisgau from 1916 until his 1928 retirement .
Linda B. Buck , Ph. D. , -LRB- born January 29 , 1947 -RRB- is an American biologist best known for her work on the olfactory system .
Franz Xaver Süssmayr -LRB- German : Süßmayr ; sometimes written in English as Suessmayr ; 1766 -- September 17 , 1803 -RRB- was an Austrian composer , now famous for his completion of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's Requiem .
Wasp subsequently headed eastwards to hunt for seals and , according to Morrell , reached the remote Bouvet Island on , finding this elusive island without apparent difficulty .
A JavaScript engine is specialized computer software which interprets and executes JavaScript -LRB- or ECMAScript -RRB- .
In the Soviet Union it was Lenin ; in East Germany , it was Ernst Thälmann .
In the treble clef , putting the sharp for A on its expected position relative to the sharp for G would require a ledger line .
He met Fats Waller , who was playing organ at the Lincoln Theater accompanying silent movies , and Waller taught him how to play that instrument -LRB- Basie later played organ at the Eblon Theater in Kansas City -RRB- .
These had originally four gates , Porta al Borgo , Porta San Marco , Porta Carratica and Porta Lucchese , all demolished at the beginning of the 20th century .
Triple H insisted that Evolution accompany Batista anyway , saving him from the oncoming limousine .
This is the category of minerals in general . See List of minerals for more .
It is located between Epping and North Weald .
The nasal septum can depart from the center line of the nose in a condition is known as a deviated septum due to trauma .
Charles Lee -LRB- 1758 -- June 24 , 1815 -RRB- was an American lawyer from Virginia .
Barack Obama announced Vilsack 's selection to be the United States Secretary of Agriculture under his administration on December 17 , 2008 .
Divisions of New Line Cinema New Line Cinema operated several divisions , including theatrical distribution , marketing , home video , and was a partner in new -LRB- and relatively short-lived -RRB- distribution company called Picturehouse .
These moths are easily distinguishable by the vaguely skull-shaped pattern of markings on the thorax .
The impact of even deteriorated gunpowder would have been magnified by its containment in wooden barrels , compensating for the quality of the contents .
Melky Astacio Cabrera -LRB- born August 11 , 1984 , in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic -RRB- is an outfielder for the Atlanta Braves , a Major League Baseball team .
Lipsum-com .
In a press release , the F.B.I. reiterated that it does not believe Cooper survived the jump , but expressed an interest in ascertaining his identity .
Virginia reported the most deaths and damage from the hurricane .
The President of the Commission and all the other commissioners are nominated by the Council .
Oncology -LRB- from the Ancient Greek onkos -LRB- -RRB- , meaning bulk , mass , or tumor , and the suffix - logy -LRB- - -RRB- , meaning '' study of '' -RRB- is a branch of medicine that deals with tumors -LRB- cancer -RRB- .
Mauve -LRB- , rhymes with '' stove '' ; from the French form of Malva '' mallow '' -RRB- is a pale lavender-lilac color , one of many in the range of purples .
Following the storm , at least 11,000 people were left homeless .
Finally , in 1910 , the design was modified , changing the vertical stripes into the horizontal band of navy-blue color over a white jersey , which has been used ever since .
It was situated in Wednesfield in Staffordshire , England .
Saint-Barth Ã lemy-Grozon is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
As a courtesy to the rest of the contributors , users with such usernames are encouraged to sign their posts -LRB- at least in part -RRB- with Latin characters .
Year 1915 -LRB- MCMXV -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar .
Warner also set a Super Bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .
He was also music director of the Glyndebourne Festival , and in 1964 the LPO replaced the RPO as Glyndebourne 's resident orchestra .
-- Hideo Kojima -LRB- creator of the Metal Gear Solid video games for Konami -RRB- , in the Sunday , 2 October 2005 entry of his English blog -LRB- Archive.org copy -RRB- '' On October 10th Maruzen will close their Kyoto shop which is associated with this novel Lemon .
Whereas the BMI of a person is measured manually by total weight and height , BVI is calculated by using 3D full body data to determine volume or weight distribution .
The zinc oxide is thought to have been produced by heating zinc ore in a shaft furnace . This liberated metallic zinc as a vapor , which then ascended the flue and condensed as the oxide .
Roman numerals are based on seven symbols : a stroke -LRB- identified with the letter I -RRB- for a unit , a chevron -LRB- identified with the letter V -RRB- for a five , a cross-stroke -LRB- identified with the letter X -RRB- for a ten , a C -LRB- identified as an abbreviation of Centum -RRB- for a hundred , etc. :
Gastritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach , and has many possible causes .
The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Digital Telecommunications Philippines , or Digitel .
Paul David Hewson , KBE -LRB- born 10 May 1960 -RRB- , most commonly known by his stage name Bono , is an Irish singer and musician , best known for being the main vocalist of the Dublin-based rock band U2 .
The expressed intention of the Federation was to create a political unit that would become independent from Britain as a single stateâ '' possibly similar to the Canadian Confederation , Australian Federation , or Central African Federation ; however , before that could happen , the Federation collapsed due to internal political conflicts .
Nowadays , Phan Thanh Giá # n is being venerated as a minor god among some people in southern Vietnam .
David John Bartlett -LRB- born 19 January 1968 -RRB- is an Australian politician in the state of Tasmania , serving as the 43rd Premier of Tasmania from May 2008 until January 2011 .
The DFB German Football Association -LRB- German FA -RRB- list him in the top 20 best German defenders of all time , and Bayern Munich included him in their best 16 in a team made up in the 80s of famous past players .
Multiple threads can exist within the same process and share resources such as memory , while different processes do not share these resources .
The Whale are the top affiliate of the National Hockey League 's New York Rangers and are one of several professional hockey teams in Connecticut .
His short reign atop the chess world made him one of the two so-called '' winter kings '' who interrupted Botvinnik 's long reign from 1948 to 1963 -LRB- the other was Smyslov , world champion 1957 â '' 1958 -RRB- .
With the Internet now being a viable source for obtaining music , netlabels have emerged .
The sulfur trioxide is absorbed into 97 â '' 98 % to form oleum , also known as fuming sulfuric acid .
He has a younger brother , Brian and two sisters , Toni and Megan .
It is a part of the Mobile metropolitan statistical area .
On eight occasions has a player hit all four targets on the minimum number of attempts ; Ray Bourque in 1992 and 1993 , Mark Messier in 1996 , Jeremy Roenick in 2004 , Tomas Kaberle in 2008 , and Dany Heatley , Evgeni Malkin in 2009 , and Daniel Sedin in 2011 .
The City Manager is responsible for the appointment and dismissal of all department heads , advises the council on policy matters , and creates and administers the city budget .
UC Santa Barbara is a '' very high activity '' research university and spent $ 191.2 million on research expenditures in the 2007 fiscal year , 97th-largest in the United States .
Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting the liver , caused by the hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- .
Berlise is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Saint-Pierre-Azif is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Monsters , Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated film and the fourth feature-length film produced by Pixar Animation Studios .
1 .
Over 250 native species have been recorded in the park , 29 of which are considered rare or threatened in Victoria , including the Long-footed Potoroo , Spotted Quoll -LRB- Tiger Quoll -RRB- , Giant Burrowing Frog and Eastern She-oak Skink .
Executive may refer to :
Saint-Paul-du-Vernay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 1880 the residence of John James Wright , the first mayor of Queanbeyan , was constructed along the edge of the Queanbeyan River .
Descent and inheritance The son of Hugh the Great , Duke of France , and Hedwige of Saxony , daughter of the German king Henry the Fowler , Hugh was born about 940 .
Mons-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The parish authorities were known as vestries and consisted of all the inhabitants of the parish .
It may also refer to a spherical representation of the celestial sphere , showing the apparent positions of the stars and constellations in the sky -LRB- celestial globe -RRB- .
This lump , or protrusion , is formed by the angle of the thyroid cartilage surrounding the larynx .
The cowpox virus was used to perform the first successful vaccination against a disease , smallpox , which is caused by the related Variola virus .
It used to be one of the fours historical faculties of the Leopold-Franzens-Universit Ã t Innsbruck but became an independent university in 2004 .
A product of Borussia Dortmund 's youth ranks , Odonkor made his first team debut on 3 March 2002 , having recently turned 18 , coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1 -- 1 home tie against FC St. Pauli .
As the capital city of Spain , seat of government , and residence of the Spanish monarch , Madrid is also the political center of Spain .
Eric Arthur Blair -LRB- 25 June 1903 â '' 21 January 1950 -RRB- , better known by his pen name George Orwell , was an English author and journalist .
History Melville Island was first visited by the British explorer Sir William Parry in 1819 .
Generally , string is a thin , flexible piece of rope or twine which is used to tie , bind , or hang other objects .
Henry was a chorister in the Chapel Royal until his voice broke in 1673 , at which time he became assistant to John Hingeston , the musical instrument keeper for the King .
On January 1 , 2006 Merksplas had a total population of 8,173 .
Land Shark Stadium -LRB- previously known as Joe Robbie Stadium , Pro Player Park , Pro Player Stadium , Dolphins Stadium , and Dolphin Stadium -RRB- is a football , lacrosse , soccer , and baseball stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida , a suburb of Miami .
-LRB- unranked -RRB- Eutherapsida
The Falkenfelsen -LRB- Falcon Rock -RRB- is a granite rock formation in the northern Black Forest of Germany 's Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg state .
In English , this city 's name translates to '' Frankfurt on the Main '' -LRB- pronounced like English mine or German mein -RRB- .
In 1946 his company , the Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica , moved into production .
Provides one way to undelete a page .
The constituent particles of an atom are the electron , the proton and the neutron .
In North India and Pakistan , the caracal is locally known as syahgosh -LRB- \/O/ -RRB- or shyahgosh , which is a Persian-derived term meaning black ears .
1692 & ndash ; Last people hanged for witchcraft in the United States .
Rasputin was buried with an icon signed on its reverse by Anastasia , her mother and her sisters .
Surprisingly , in the end of 2006 , Apulanta was nominated for the Best Music DVD Emma for their DVD Kesäaine .
Upland is a city in San Bernardino County , California with an elevation of .
If one partition is corrupted , none of the other file systems are affected , and the drive 's data may still be salvageable .
His father was of Jewish descent and an oboist in the Hannover Military Band .
, also known as , -LRB- c. AD 169 - 269 -RRB- was a legendary Japanese empress .
Stoldt resigned in the 5th round -LRB- chess -RRB- after losing his queen .
Milliyet -LRB- Turkish for '' nationality '' -RRB- is a major Turkish daily newspaper founded in 1950 .
Lodhran is spread over an area of 1,790 square kilometres and is subdivided into three tehsils -LRB- Lodhran , Kahror Pacca , Dunya pur -RRB- which contain a total of 73 Union Councils : Tehsils & Unions in the District of Lodhran - Government of Pakistan
Cream cheese -LRB- also called soft cheese -RRB- is a sweet , soft , mild-tasting , white cheese , defined by the US Department of Agriculture as containing at least 33 % milkfat -LRB- as marketed -RRB- with a moisture content of not more than 55 % , and a pH range of 4.4 to 4.9 .
It tracked through the Caribbean , struck the Yucatán peninsula of Mexico as a major hurricane , and moved west-northwest into the Gulf of Mexico , briefly gaining Category 5 intensity .
Synchronous stream ciphers In a synchronous stream cipher a stream of pseudo-random digits is generated independently of the plaintext and ciphertext messages , and then combined with the plaintext -LRB- to encrypt -RRB- or the ciphertext -LRB- to decrypt -RRB- .
Wales , Matt , Super Smash Bros. .
The term is commonly used in the telecommunications industry to refer to telecommunications systems -LRB- e.g. radio transmitters and receivers , remote controls , computer networks , network terminals , etc. -RRB- which use some form of energy -LRB- e.g. radio frequency -LRB- RF -RRB- , infrared light , laser light , visible light , acoustic energy , etc. -RRB- to transfer information without the use of wires .
This article is about the British game show .
Closer to Home -LRB- Tsunami Records , 1989 -RRB-
16 Stages
Palmyra Atoll 's location in the Pacific Ocean , where the southern and northern currents meet , means that its beaches are littered with trash and debris .
The Cape harbors an extraordinary biodiversity , with more than 700 vertebrate land animal species of which 40 are endemic .
Olympisch Stadion - Antwerp -LRB-/O1920/O-RRB-
The station was served by the Woodside and South Croydon Railway .
The total estimated cost of damage was $ 1.42 billion -LRB- 1969 USD , $ 9.14 billion 2005 USD -RRB- .
Michael Grassie , a social studies teacher , was shot in the chest after Coon entered his classroom .
How to revert Manual method Go to the top of the page in question , click on the '' history '' or '' page history '' -LRB- in some skins -RRB- tab ; then , click on the '' time and date '' of the earlier version , to which you wish to revert .
Prostitution is one of the branches of the sex industry . The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country , from being a punishable crime to a regulated profession .
They Might Be Giants -LRB- TMBG -RRB- are an American alternative rock band formed in 1982 by John Flansburgh and John Linnell .
The trains have been built with Bombardier 's FICAS technology , giving a thinner bodyshell and hence -LRB- along with the larger size -RRB- more internal space for passengers .
Together with his friend Christian Gaudian , Gueffroy attempted on the night of February 5 & ndash ; 6 , 1989 , to escape from East Berlin to West Berlin , along the Britz district canal .
After the group fails to locate him , Zuko takes them to June , a tracker who might be able to locate Aang .
From jami ` ah to university : multiculturalism and Christian -- Muslim dialogue , Current Sociology 54 -LRB-/O1/O-RRB- :112 -32 .
Located close to the border with Switzerland , it is the capital of the department of Doubs .
The first commercial electric power transmission -LRB- developed by Thomas Edison in the late nineteenth century -RRB- used direct current .
William Golding 's Lord of the Flies features frequent references to '' the conch '' .
'' A sentimentalist '' , Oscar Wilde wrote Alfred Douglas , '' is one who desires to have the luxury of an emotion without paying for it . ''
'' Caid '' is now used by people in some parts of Ireland to refer to modern Gaelic football .
Ecstatic at the thought of meeting Pamina , Tamino hurries off . Papageno appears with Pamina , following the distant sound of Tamino 's flute .
In 1866 he became the head chef of the CafÃ Anglais which was the most famous Paris restaurant of the 19th century and where he is believed to have created the dish Pommes Anna .
The first orbital flight of OTV-1 , the first X-37B , with a mission name of USA-212 , was launched on an Atlas V rocket at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Florida on 22 April 2010 , at 23:58 GMT .
Private life Fischer has consistently been the most popular German politician , leading the opinion polls for several years , even among supporters of other parties .
Events By place Rome Caesar Augustus sent ferrets -LRB- named ` viverrae ' by Plinius -RRB- to the Balearic Islands to control the rabbit plagues .
Le Souich is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Grand Moff Tarkin -LRB- Peter Cushing -RRB- , the Death Star 's commanding officer and Vader 's superior , tries to coax information out of her by threatening to destroy Alderaan .
Cowboys Stadium -LRB- 2009 -- present -RRB-
Three Royal Caribbean cruise ships re-routed their paths to avoid the storm .
Virginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along its oceanfront .
MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer 3 -LRB- or III -RRB- , more commonly referred to as MP3 , is a patented digital audio encoding format using a form of lossy data compression .
The Tag Team Championship became exclusive to the Raw brand , leaving the SmackDown !
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
Wizardry inspired many clones and served as a template for computer RPG games .
His first arrest came for a sit-in at a local draft board , resulting in 10 days in jail .
Jaclyn Michelle Linetsky -LRB- January 8 , 1986 -- September 8 , 2003 -RRB- was a Canadian actress who voiced Caillou from 2000-2002 .
In mathematics , a ring is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with two binary operations usually called addition and multiplication , where the set is an abelian group under addition -LRB- called the additive group of the ring -RRB- and a monoid under multiplication such that multiplication distributes over addition .
Chloroplasts have their own genome , which is considerably reduced compared to that of free-living cyanobacteria , but the parts that are still present show clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome .
Aftershocks are formed as the crust around the displaced fault plane adjusts to the effects of the main shock .
She has Prue 's power of telekinesis but with a twist because she is half whitelighter .
The House of Windsor is the current Royal House of the United Kingdom and each of the other Commonwealth realms .
The TPFI program is similar to the American F-X program , which resulted in the F-15 Eagle , while the LPFI program is similar to the Lightweight Fighter program , which spawned the F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Northrop YF-17 , which itself led to the F\/A -18 Hornet .
The earliest reference to the site was in the Domesday Book survey of 1086 , wherein the '' minster '' of Southwark seems to be under the control of Bishop Odo of Bayeux -LRB- William the Conqueror 's half-brother -RRB- .
The Taoiseach is appointed by the President upon the nomination of Dáil Éireann -LRB- the lower house of the Oireachtas -RRB- , and must , while he remains in office , retain the support of a majority in the Dáil .
Deomyinae is the older name and therefore has priority over Acomyinae .
The Red Kangaroo -LRB- Macropus rufus -RRB- is the largest of all kangaroos , the largest mammal native to Australia , and the largest surviving marsupial .
It has the highest elevation of any market town in England .
Sir Alexander Matthew '' Matt '' Busby , CBE , KCSG -LRB- 26 May 1909 -- 20 January 1994 -RRB- was a Scottish football player and manager , most noted for managing Manchester United between 1945 and 1969 and again for the second half of the 1970 -- 1971 season .
One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
LevarÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In June of the same year , she performed the song again at the San Francisco Pride event .
This ends the threat to the Romans from German tribes until the reign of Marcus Aurelius .
The olde Early editions of Silvanus P. Thompson 's Calculus Made Easy use the older term .
Collectively , these three groups of butterflies share many characteristics , especially in the egg , larval and pupal stage -LRB- Ackery et al. .
Giancarlo De Sisti -LRB- born 13 March 1943 in Rome -RRB- is a former Italian footballer and football manager .
They have won four Stanley Cup Championships and fourteen division titles since their founding in 1926 .
Hamilton Hume -LRB- 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 -RRB- Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton -LRB- 1797 - 1873 -RRB- ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Gas chromatography is in principle similar to column chromatography -LRB- as well as other forms of chromatography , such as HPLC , TLC -RRB- , but has several notable differences .
Vetus Latina is a collective name given to the Biblical texts in Latin that were translated before St Jerome 's Vulgate Bible -LRB- 382-405 AD -RRB- became the standard Bible for Latin-speaking Western Christians . The phrase Vetus Latina is Latin for Old Latin , and the Vetus Latina is sometimes known as the Old Latin Bible .
In response to Campbell 's announcement , a partnership of nine men , led by Walter Bush Jr. and John Driscoll , was formed to seek a franchise for the Twin Cities area of Minnesota .
Khmer Empire Map Around the 13th century , Theravada Buddhism was introduced to the area through monks from Sri Lanka .
Prime numbers of the form 2p â ' 1 are known as Mersenne primes , after the seventeenth-century monk Marin Mersenne , who studied number theory and perfect numbers .
A parallel line named Dessert Treats was launched the following year in February , 2005 .
The station is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines , and almost all trains passing through the station stop there .
Horse the Band is a band from Lake Forest , California who are best known for their 8-bit Nintendo-influenced sound combined with metalcore .
Cordova was named Puerto Cordova by Spanish explorer Salvador Fidalgo in 1790 .
Jet , -LRB- Diane Youdale -RRB- , one of the stars of Gladiators
279 Thule -LRB- thew ' - lee -RRB- is a large main-belt asteroid .
They aid in flight , thermal insulation , waterproofing and coloration that helps in communication and protection .
When Steve Tuttle of the Blues and Uwe Krupp of the Sabres became entangled while chasing the puck and crashed into Malarchuk 's goal , Tuttle 's skate caught Malarchuk on the neck , severing his internal jugular vein .
Fort Madison , situated on the Mississippi River , is a city in and one of the county seats of Lee County , Iowa , United States .
This was much less than that of the morning Sun .
As it gradually turned to the north , southwesterly flow from a large trough over the central United States increased wind shear over the hurricane .
Designed by the same person as SCO Smallfoot GeeXboX Live CD media center distribution , mainly to play special-encoded video files -LRB- eg : .
The Spanish-American War began in Cuba in 1898 , and reached the Philippines after the United States fought Spain in the Battle of Manila Bay .
The Olive -LRB- -RRB- , Olea europaea , is a species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae , native to the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean Basin -LRB- the adjoining coastal areas of southeastern Europe , western Asia and northern Africa -RRB- as well as northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea .
Year 1557 -LRB- MDLVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
She first debuted on WWE 's Raw brand in May 2006 , but suffered a legitimate broken jaw the following month .
A consul served in the highest elected political office of the Roman Republic .
A concerted effort to contain the city 's sewage by constructing massive sewers on the north and south river embankments followed , under the supervision of engineer Joseph Bazalgette .
The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride -LRB- later retitled The Lion King 2 : Simba 's Pride -RRB- is an American direct-to-video film released by the Walt Disney Company on October 27 , 1998 , as a sequel to the 1994 film The Lion King .
In professional wrestling , a battle royal -LRB- sometimes battle royale ; plural battles royal or battle royals -RRB- is a multi-competitor match type in which wrestlers are eliminated until one is left and declared winner .
Caffiers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It attempts to retain a realistic approach , seeking humor in the conventional and mundane aspects of everyday life .
Most of the lyrics are sung by Waters ; lead guitarist David Gilmour provides vocals on only one of the album 's tracks .
Playing their home games at Huntington Avenue Grounds , the Boston franchise finished second and third before capturing their first pennant in 1903 and repeating the next year .
The pair were transferred to Dartmoor Prison on 21 October 1851 , but shortly afterwards Johns was transferred to the Woolwich prison hulk Justitia , probably for disciplinary reasons .
Spacek was given the nickname '' Sissy '' by her older brothers .
Desdemona , Othello 's wife and daughter of Brabantio
Scottsburg Fire Department has the youngest fire chief in the State of Indiana .
Since the early 1970s trees and some types of flowers were planted .
The Province of Matera is a province in the Basilicata region of Italy .
The economic contribution of seventeen of these was found to be approximately US$ 33 trillion per year , greater than the activities in the inter-human economy , which totaled about US$ 25 trillion .
Flora 's comparison of the Dead Sea with Bly House unsettles the Governess .
The following is a list of the 433 communes of the Aube département in France .
The Aar -LRB- German Aare -RRB- , a tributary of the Rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within Switzerland .
He is head groundskeeper at Springfield Elementary School .
He adopted his second surname upon the death of an aunt named Savarin who left him her entire fortune on the condition that he adopt her name .
Bremerhaven -LRB- -RRB- is the seaport of the free city-state of Bremen , a federal state of Germany .
As of 2006 , he is in the Disney Channel television series , Hannah Montana , which stars his daughter Miley Cyrus .
Eivør Pálsdóttir -LRB- pronounced ; born 21 July 1983 in Syðrugøta , Faroe Islands -RRB- is a Faroese singer\/songwriter with a distinct voice and a wide range of interests in many kinds of music from rock , jazz , folk , pop , to European classical music .
There may even be subtle distinctions within a nation 's branches of arms , such as a distinction between a tank battalion and an armored squadron , depending on how the unit 's operational role is perceived to fit into the army 's historical organization .
The paired submandibular glands -LRB- submaxillary glands -RRB- are salivary glands located beneath the floor of the mouth .
Gothard encourages homeschooling ; IBLP publishes its own homeschool materials .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad
Fernando José Torres Sanz -LRB- born 20 March 1984 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the Spanish national team as a striker .
Roach , Mary .
If salted or cured , it is consumed as a condiment .
IPsec is officially specified by the Internet Engineering Task Force -LRB- IETF -RRB- in a series of Request for Comment documents addressing various components and extensions . It specifies the spelling of the protocol name to be IPsec .
After nine years with the national team , during which he eventually gained captaincy , Ujfalu i ended his international career on 8 April 2009 , after being criticised for visiting a restaurant , accompanied by five other players , following the Czech Republic 's defeat to Slovakia on 1 April for the World Cup qualification .
Scholz succeeded Franz MÃ 1\/4 ntefering as Minister of Labor and Social Affairs , when the latter left office in 2007 .
'' internal school '' -RRB- is a term in Chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice ' -LRB- , lit .
The Journey Begins : Creative Concepts -LSB- DVD , 2005 -RSB- Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes : Bruce 's childhood friend who serves as Gotham City 's assistant district attorney , fighting against the corruption in the city .
In the 1890s , pastel and oils became his favored media , and he produced no more noirs after 1900 .
BIU 's offerings include non-degree courses and training modules in several topics .
Autofeather is a feature of the engines on some turboprop or piston engine aircraft .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,731 Mm in 700.129 days , at an inclination of 164 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 166 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.3438 .
Version 1.0 of the Linux kernel was released on 14 March 1994 .
Actinoporins have been reported as highly toxic to fish and crustaceans , which may be the natural prey of sea anemones .
Initially marketed as a duo that can sing , rap , and dance , their early works featured bubblegum pop and upbeat techno music .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1982 , and is the earliest winner of this prize to be still alive .
It now is run exclusively by Ainu and operates mostly independently of the government . Other key institutions include The Foundation for Research and Promotion of Ainu Culture -LRB- FRPAC -RRB- , set up by the Japanese Government after enactment of the Ainu Culture Law in 1997 , the Hokkaido University Center for Ainu and Indigenous Studies established in 2007 , as well as museums and cultural centers .
The most important of these attacks took place on the nights of June 16 -- 17 , when Vlad and some of his men allegedly entered the main Turkish camp -LRB- wearing Ottoman disguises -RRB- and attempted to assassinate Mehmed .
In the inaugural season , the Beatrice Aeros won the West Division while the Bonaventure Wingstar won the East Division .
-LRB- February 3 , 1809 & ndash ; November 4 , 1847 -RRB- was a German composer , pianist , organist and conductor of the early Romantic period .
'' TRACS website ; Press release announcing accreditation ; Greenville News editorial on BJU accreditation ; TRACS website .
Power over Ethernet or PoE technology describes a system to safely pass electrical power , along with data , on Ethernet cabling .
Farciennes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
So a time might appear as either '' 134730 '' in the basic format or '' 13:47:30 '' in the extended format .
In the mid-1980s , the government divided the department of Zelaya - consisting of the eastern half of the country - into two autonomous regions and granted the black and indigenous people of this region limited self-rule within the Republic .
As the Disney movie is '' inspired by '' rather than '' based on '' the Kipling stories , the character King Louie does not appear in Rudyard Kipling 's original book , as orangutans are not native to India .
The timeline includes information which was not operationally released , meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center , such as information about a storm that was not operationally warned on , To be warned on operationally means that storms were tracked at the time of their existence have been included .
The VCU undergraduate literary journal at the university is named Poictesme after the fictional province in his novel Jurgen .
Recreo is a city in Catamarca Province , Argentina .
The University of Durham , commonly known as Durham University , The University : Trading Name - Durham University is a university in Durham , England .
Etymology The sport is commonly known as athletics in most of the world or track and field in the United States and Canada .
In Europe beechwood was most commonly used ; in Japan , a special type of cherry wood was used .
1960 & ndash ; Madagascar gains its independence from France .
Eagles have structures on their toes called spiricules that allow them to grasp fish .
Keith Urban is the second studio album by Australian country music artist Keith Urban , released on October 19 , 1999 .
Internet software : It includes additional web browsers -LRB- Opera and Google Chrome -RRB- , Adobe Flash Player , Moonlight and more communication software -LRB- aMSN and Skype -RRB- .
They say globalization has made this necessary .
The inner city of Amersfoort has been preserved well since the Middle Ages .
It consists of the Royal Australian Navy , the Australian Army , the Royal Australian Air Force and a number of ` tri-service ' units .
They play in white shirt with two horizontal stripes , one red and one black , white shorts and socks .
Côtes-d'Armor -LRB- -RRB- is a department in the north of Brittany , in northwestern France .
As technology increased and demand for the resources remained high , catches far exceeded the sustainable limit for whale stocks .
A date of at least 1.95 million years has been obtained for Kromdraai B.
Itoku is regarded by historians as a '' legendary emperor '' because of the paucity of information about him , which does not necessarily imply that no such person ever existed .
Haemophilia B -LRB- factor IX deficiency -RRB- occurs at about 1 in about 20,000 -- 34,000 male births .
The Kikuyu are Kenya 's most populous ethnic group .
A key is used to encrypt and decrypt whatever data is being encrypted/decrypted .
A cardinal is a senior ecclesiastical official , usually a bishop , of the Catholic Church .
Previn holds the title of Conductor Laureate .
Laura Lane Welch Bush -LRB- born November 4 , 1946 -RRB- is the wife of the forty-third President of the United States , George W. Bush , and was the First Lady of the United States from January 20 , 2001 to January 20 , 2009 .
Working a heavy theater schedule during the winter months and doing tent tours the rest of the year -LRB- eventually traveling in her own railroad car -RRB- , Smith became the highest-paid black entertainer of her day .
Piauí -LRB- -RRB- is one of the states of Brazil , located in the northeastern part of the country .
, Lucerne is the most populous city in Central Switzerland , and a nexus of transportation , telecommunications , and government of this region .
In a political upset , Childers was elected the fourth President of Ireland on 30 May 1973 , defeating Tom O'Higgins by 635,867 votes to 578,771 .
After a string of unsuccessful performances culminated in his elimination at the early stages of the 2009 World Cup , Ivanchuk announced , in a highly emotional interview , his retirement from professional chess .
Ballarat -LRB- -RRB- Retrieved on 19 November 2007 is city in the state of Victoria , Australia located at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range approximately north-west of the state capital Melbourne .
They are descended from the Swiss Reformation led initially by Huldrych Zwingli and soon spread to the rest of Northern Europe .
Monocytes are produced by the bone marrow from hematopoietic stem cell precursors called monoblasts .
He got this result by applying quantum field theory in a static black hole background .
Torre , a neighborhood in Recife , Brazil
Its capital is the city of Savona .
As of 2010 , 47 Mersenne primes and therefore 47 even perfect numbers are known .
Located just north of Miami-Dade County , residents who had lost their homes migrated to western sections of the county that were just starting to be developed .
The debt nearly closed Zoetrope , and forced Coppola to -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- take on another project , The Godfather . THX 1138 was released to theaters on March 11 , 1971 and was commercially unsuccessful .
Life Francis Scott Key was born to Ann Phoebe Penn Dagworthy -LRB- Charlton -RRB- and Captain John Ross Key at the family plantation Terra Rubra in what was Frederick County and is now Carroll County , Maryland .
True Stories I Made Up -LRB- Compact Disc , 2005 -RRB-
The oldest continental crustal rocks on Earth have ages in the range from about 3.7 to 4.28 billion years and have been found in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane in Western Australia , in the Acasta Gneiss in the Northwest Territories on the Canadian Shield , and on other cratonic regions such as those on the Fennoscandian Shield .
The province was split from La Altagracia in 1968 .
Fernando de Napoli -LRB- born 15 March 1964 , in Chiusano di San Domenico , Italy -RRB- is an Italian former professional footballer , who played as a winger during the 1980s and 1990s .
Here Hovell made a mistake of one degree in calculating his longitude , and they came to the conclusion that they were on Western Port .
Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate -LRB- Li2CO3 -RRB- , lithium citrate , and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers .
The Screwtape Letters is a work of Christian apologetics by C. S. Lewis , first published in book form in 1942 .
The term is also occasionally employed to refer to modern or contemporary events , peoples , states or parts of states in the same region , namely Israel and the Palestinian territories , Lebanon , Jordan , and Syria -LRB- compare Near East and Middle East -RRB- .
The series has been translated into more than twenty languages and the fourth volume reached the top of The New York Times bestseller lists upon its release .
A hedonistic caricature of Abu Nuwas appears in several of the Thousand and One Arabian Nights tales .
Wagner originally wrote Der fliegende HollÃ nder to be performed without intermission -- an example of his efforts to break with tradition -- and , while today 's opera houses sometimes still follow this directive , it is also performed in a three act version .
Importantly , we may never find a dead human if that claim is true , but regardless that claim is falsifiable because we can at least imagine a finding that would prove it wrong .
On 14 December 1976 , following the general elections which made the CDU/CSU the largest group in parliament , Carstens was elected president of the Bundestag .
Entropy is central to the second law of thermodynamics .
Fig trees were often planted in vineyards .
In a letter to Lincoln written the following day , Everett praised the President for his eloquent and concise speech , saying , '' I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central idea of the occasion , in two hours , as you did in two minutes . ''
Protection can be indefinite , or expire after a specified time .
At the Reward Challenge , the team of Bruce , Courtney , Sally , and Terry won a videos from home , peanut butter & jelly sandwiches , and ice-cold milk .
The Asuka period , the second and last part of the Yamato period , ends , and the Nara period begins in Japan ; Heij - ky -LRB- Nara -RRB- becomes the capital of Japan .
Yangon was founded as Dagon in the 6th century AD by the Mon , who dominated Lower Burma at that time .
It was later sold to Thorn EMI in 1992 .
Nicknamed '' The King of the Kippax '' -LRB- after Manchester City 's Kippax Street terraced stand renowned for its singing -RRB- , and Nijinsky after the famous racehorse -LRB- due to his renowned stamina -RRB- , Bell is widely regarded as Manchester City 's greatest ever player .
Kim Dong-Jin -LRB- born 29 January 1982 in Dongducheon -RRB- is a South Korean footballer who plays left back for the FC Seoul .
It has long been replaced by photography in its commercial applications and , partly because of the difficulty of learning the technique , is much less common in printmaking , where it has been largely replaced by etching and other techniques .
Key elements of these claims are the rejection of any of the following : that the German Nazi government had a policy of deliberately targeting Jews for extermination as a people ; that more than five million Jews were systematically killed by the Nazis and their allies ; and that genocide was carried out at extermination camps using tools of mass murder , such as gas chambers .
Isonoe belongs to the Carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 Gm and at an inclination of about 165 .
The aviary was constructed in 1941 , with renovations completed in 1982 .
A general out-patient clinic is a clinic offering a community general diagnoses or treatments without an overnight stay .
The most important landmarks include : Ehrenburg , a former Franciscan convent built in 1220 and turned into a castle in 1543 -- 1549 , and renovated until the 19th century .
Lodhran -LRB- -RRB- is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan , located on the northern side of River Sutlej .
When a substance is heated , its particles begin moving more and thus usually maintain a greater average separation .
People with latent infections are treated to prevent them from progressing to active TB disease later in life .
The 2009 estimate for the Republic of Ireland is 4,459,300 persons .
Thomas Weelkes -LRB- baptised 25 October 1576 & ndash ; 30 November 1623His will was dated 30 November , and he was buried on 1 December , which strongly suggests he died on 30 November .
Forecasters predicted rough surf and rip currents , prompting the Coast Guard to perform preparations in the Northeastern United States .
They had already taken a number of hostages at Faithful Creek station and went to the bank claiming to be delivering a message from McCauley , the station manager .
Acacia -LRB- or -RRB- is a genus of shrubs and trees belonging to the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae , first described in Africa by the Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus in 1773 .
In addition , nine charter schools and 31 private schools are located in the county .
Thomson also co-owns the RCA brand for consumer electronics products , which created the NTSC colour TV standard before Thomson became involved .
Castellón -LRB- Spanish -RRB- or Castelló -LRB- Valencian -RRB- is a province in the northern part of the Valencian Community , Spain .
The Yamato polity evolved much during the Asuka period , which is named after the Asuka region , about 25 km south to the modern city of Nara .
Saint-F Ã licien is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The 1984 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina , which at the time was part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
A chapel is a building used as a place for fellowship and of worship for Christians .
While Anakin and PadmÃ head to Geonosis to rescue Obi-Wan , Chancellor Palpatine is granted emergency powers to organize the clone army and send them into battle . Shortly after arriving on Geonosis , Anakin and PadmÃ are captured and sentenced to death along with Obi-Wan .
In 2003 , the poetry award was granted for the first time .
This rule is applied in the language Occidental .
She landed several print ads and television commercials , including Mary Kate & Ashley Online Clothing , Every Girl , Stand Up , and Bratz Pretty 'n' Punk & Treasures .
In time , it became a pastime for surfers when the waves were lax .
The band 's line-up has remained mostly static during their history , the only exception being the departure of Alec John Such in 1994 , who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald .
Interested in astronomy and trying to develop a calendar , he investigated Diophantine equations .
BBC , 19 October 2007 .
His father Thomas -LRB- d. 1892 -RRB- worked as a stonemason and local builder .
The magnetic field at any given point is specified by both a direction and a magnitude -LRB- or strength -RRB- ; as such it is a vector field . The magnetic field is most commonly defined in terms of the Lorentz force it exerts on moving electric charges .
This list includes the ten tallest under construction , on hold or approved buildings in Australia .
After coming back to Paris in May 1941 , he participated in the founding of the underground group Socialisme et Liberté with other writers Simone de Beauvoir , Merleau-Ponty , Jean-Toussaint , Dominique Desanti , Jean Kanapa , and École Normale students .
Gelsenkirchen -LRB- -RRB- is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
The position was formed on October 1 , 1977 with the creation of the Department of Energy when President Jimmy Carter signed the Department of Energy Organization Act .
Cookie-like hard wafers have existed for as long as baking is documented , in part because they deal with travel very well , but they were usually not sweet enough to be considered cookies by modern standards .
A paw is the soft foot of a mammal , generally a quadruped , that has claws or nails .
In jackal society the social unit is that of a monogamous pair which defends its territory from other pairs .
It follows his 1798 writings , An Essay on the Principle of Population , which describes how unchecked population growth is exponential while the growth of the food supply was expected to be arithmetical , leading to a Malthusian catastrophe .
The Civil Constitution of the Clergy , passed on 12 July 1790 , turned the remaining clergy into employees of the state .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Animal Collective consists of Avey Tare -LRB- David Portner -RRB- , Panda Bear -LRB- Noah Lennox -RRB- , Deakin -LRB- Josh Dibb -RRB- , and Geologist -LRB- Brian Weitz -RRB- .
The 7 '' single debut of the George Baker Selection was released by the label Negram , which misprinted the actual title of the song , which is '' Little Green Back -LRB- greenback meaning money -RRB- and '' greenback '' is the lyric actually sung .
In this section we compare Wikipedia and Wiktionary -LRB- as a concrete example of a dictionary -RRB- , but the principle is that Wikipedia is not a dictionary , not simply that it is not Wiktionary .
The Queen of Spades , Op .
Please check your spelling , or use the link below to create a new user account .
Later he produced a brief synopsis of the six-part film which would come , in one form or another , to be the final plan Eisenstein would settle on for his project .
-- November 16 , 1831 -RRB- was a Prussian soldier and German military theorist who stressed the moral and political aspects of war .
It was written , -LRB- according to the text -RRB- , by Paul the Apostle to the Church in Colossae , a small Phrygian city near Laodicea and approximately 100 miles from Ephesus in Asia Minor .
The name La Niña originates from Spanish , meaning '' the little girl '' , analogous to El Niño meaning '' the little boy '' .
A lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .
Its years are designated AP , short for Anno Persico .
It is abbreviated as bsh .
In cryptography , RC4 -LRB- also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below -RRB- is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer -LRB- SSL -RRB- -LRB- to protect Internet traffic -RRB- and WEP -LRB- to secure wireless networks -RRB- .
Hauteville-Lompnes
The text Grundlagen der Geometrie -LRB- tr . : Foundations of Geometry -RRB- published by Hilbert in 1899 proposes a formal set , the Hilbert 's axioms , substituting the traditional axioms of Euclid .
In Albert Einstein 's theories of relativity , time dilation in these two circumstances can be summarized :
Any religious belief system , or creed , can be considered an example of aqidah .
Marriages and children He married in 1104 : 1 -RRB- Lucienne de Rochefort -- the marriage was annulled .
In 1963 he won the prestigious Dmitri Mitropoulos Competition for conductors , allowing him to work for five months with the New York Philharmonic .
The table below shows the ISO currency codes of former currencies and their common names -LRB- which do not always match the ISO 4217 name -RRB- .
Counting sometimes involves numbers other than one ; for example , when counting money , counting out change , when '' counting by twos '' -LRB- 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 ... -RRB- or when '' counting by fives '' -LRB- 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 ... -RRB- .
Ultratop 50 singles , often just Ultratop 50 , is the weekly chart of fifty best-selling singles in Flanders , Belgium , and is produced and published by the Ultratop organization .
Most resin or '' gum '' varnishes consist of a natural , plant - or insect-derived substance dissolved in a solvent , called spirit varnish or solvent varnish .
Each played a role in the history of the Servite Order that was founded in Italy around 1200AD by the seven holy founders .
The vocal folds discussed above are sometimes called ` true vocal folds ' to distinguish them from the false vocal folds .
Johann Sebastian Bach -LRB- 1685 -- 1750 -RRB- worked from 1717 to 1723 as Kapellmeister for Prince Leopold of Anhalt-Cöthen .
He officiated at the wedding of Theodor Heuss -LRB- later the first President of the Federal Republic of Germany -RRB- on 11 April 1908 .
Leonese is present on the Internet in many on-line dictionaries , some of them , like Logos Dictionary can be consulted in hundreds of languages .
The word '' Muppet '' itself was said by Henson to have been created by combining the words '' Marionette '' and '' puppet '' .
Since electrons are fermions , the Pauli exclusion principle forbids them from occupying the same quantum state , so electrons have to '' stack '' within an atom , i.e. have different momenta while at the same place .
In 2005 , exports amounted to $ 73.5 billion while the imports stood at $ 116.8 billion , with increases of 16.3 % and 19.7 % compared to 2004 , respectively .
Clancy and his first wife Wanda married in 1969 , separated briefly in 1995 , and permanently separated in December 1996 .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
He showed musical gifts very early in life , and began composing prolifically as a child .
She famously relates to the tale of the missing sun deity , Amaterasu Omikami .
1846 & ndash ; The United States House of Representatives votes to stop sharing the Oregon Territory with the United Kingdom .
On 30 December 1991 , Rodrigo was raised into the Spanish nobility by King Juan Carlos I with the hereditary title of MarquÃ s de los Jardines de Aranjuez -LRB- English : Marquess of the Gardens of Aranjuez -RRB- .
Besides Austin 's turn in the match that was needed to secure a WCW\/ECW win over the WWF , SLAM !
David Cooper , Psychiatry and Anti-Psychiatry , Paladin , London , 1967 Some now prefer the term critical psychiatry to avoid connotations that may appear oppositional merely , although the two concepts are distinct .
Alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .
Dorian realizes his wish has come true -- the portrait now bears a subtle sneer and will age with each sin he commits , whilst his own appearance remains unchanged .
Hardly anything is left of other castles and fortresses like the Small Bastei or the castle on the Falkenstein , today a climbing peak .
Among such historical treasures , Seokguram grotto , Bulguksa temple , Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village are designated as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO .
Concerts include the YCAT Wigmore Lunchtime Series and concert series at the South Bank Purcell Room and the Bridgewater Hall in Manchester .
Ève Curie -LRB- 1904 -- 2007 -RRB- , French-American writer and journalist , Marie and Pierre 's second daughter
In July of the same year , WikiLeaks released Afghan War Diary , a compilation of more than 76,900 documents about the War in Afghanistan not previously available for public review .
Events Europe March 26 -- Henry I of England 's forces defeat Norman rebels at Bourgtheroulde .
Australia defeated Sri Lanka in the final by 53 runs -LRB- D\/L -RRB- , in farcical light conditions , extending their undefeated run in the World Cup to 29 matches and winning three straight World Cups .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
In addition to numerous fossil species , up to sixteen extant species are currently recognized , including the domestic pig Sus scrofa or S. domesticus .
On 11 May 2009 , Karthikeyan finished sixth in his first ever Le Mans series race while driving for the Kolles Audi team in the second round of the 2009 championship held at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit in Belgium .
Roadrunner Records is an American record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal and death metal bands .
POF shows full range with new product ` POF Eye'More than 30 % space booked in advance for IDEAS 2010POF Eye The Krummlauf was a bent barrel designed for the Sturmgewehr 44 , which was used by the Germans in World War II .
Located in the Century City area of Los Angeles , just west of Beverly Hills , the studio is a subsidiary of News Corporation , the media conglomerate owned by Rupert Murdoch .
Laureated in Italian Language and Culture by ICON and Advanced Studies Diplomat in Romance Languages by the Open University of Catalonia , Abel Pardo wrote in Cuentos de Lleón -LRB-/O1996/O-RRB- , Cuentos del Sil -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- and '' El Dialecto Leonés '' -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- when he collaborated with tales about modern and ancient themes and was the prologuer in the 2003 edition of Brañas d'antanu ya xente d' anguanu .
Gammer -LRB- real name Matt Lee -RRB- is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
Geomyoids are most noticeably characterized by the position of the infraorbital canal .
It has elongated horn-like head tufts and loose neck feathers .
His wife 's name is given as Mama Anawarkhi or Coya Anahurque .
Most scholars agree that the physical manuscript is a copy of a more ancient text , so that the dating of that ancient text is possible only based on the content .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Goldmark 's opera Die Königin von Saba -LRB- '' The Queen of Sheba '' -RRB- , Op .
Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Andrew and Manley were in the same class at school -LRB- Liverpool Institute for Boys -RRB- as Paul McCartneySpencer Leigh , BBC presenter , in sleeve notes to SEECD349 -LRB- see Discography -RRB- .
In the 1950s Anton LaVey formed a group called the Order of the Trapezoid , which later evolved into the governing body of the Church of Satan .
After another disappointing season in 2002 â '' 03 , the Cavaliers landed the number one draft pick in the NBA Lottery . With it , the team selected local high school phenomenon and future NBA MVP LeBron James .
Many Christians and Jews were subject to persecution , torture and death in the Roman Empire , because it was against their beliefs to worship the emperor .
For their third studio album , Our Lady Peace chose again to work with producer Arnold Lanni in Toronto .
Montenol is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
According to the Eddas , Midgard will be destroyed at RagnarÃ k , the battle at the end of the world .
Events July 17 -- Charles VI of France marries Isabeau of Bavaria August 14 -- Battle of Aljubarrota : John of Aviz defeats John I of Castile in the decisive battle of the 1383-1385 Crisis .
For much of Japanese history , Mt. Hiei has been off-limits to women .
In 1783 an Irish equivalent , The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick , was founded ; since the independence of the greater part of Ireland the Order has fallen dormant -LRB- its last surviving knight having died in 1974 -RRB- .
Before an item of legislation becomes law it may be known as a bill , and may be broadly referred to as '' legislation '' while it remains under consideration to distinguish it from other business .
Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Subversive activity is the lending of aid , comfort , and moral support to individuals , groups , or organizations that advocate the overthrow of incumbent governments by force and violence .
Key themes In addition to the interdisciplinary nature of the academic field , popular understandings of media studies encompass : journalism mass communication media influence creative industries political economy cultural sociology Most production and journalism courses incorporate media studies content , but academic institutions often establish separate departments .
The full name thus became ` Kongliga Carolinska Medico Chirurgiska Institutet ' .
He was appointed professor of composition at the Royal College of Music in 1883 ; was conductor of The Bach Choir from 1886 to 1902 ; was professor of music at Cambridge , succeeding Sir G. A. Macfarren from 1887 ; conductor of the Leeds Philharmonic Society from 1897 to 1909 , and of the Leeds Festival from 1901 to 1910 .
The British in the late 17th century wanted to build a fort near Gobindapur in order to consolidate their power over other foreign powers â '' namely the Dutch , the Portuguese , and the French .
No man 's land is a term for land that is not occupied or more specifically land that is under dispute between countries or areas that will not occupy it because of fear or uncertainty .
ISBN 0975295403 The Way Things Are : A living Approach to Buddhism for today 's world .
A video game of the same name was released on March 19 , 2009 for the PSP .
According to the March of Dimes , '' about 9 percent of recognised pregnancies for women aged 20 to 24 ended in miscarriage .
Tarzan is a fictional character , an archetypal feral child raised in the African jungle by the Mangani '' great apes '' ; he later returns to civilization only to largely reject it and return to the wild as a heroic adventurer .
DiBiase married his high school sweetheart Leah Nicole May on June 9 , 2009 .
It is common in countries where television is scheduled by networks with local independent affiliates , particularly in the United States .
When a switch is designed to switch significant power , the transitional state of the switch as well as the ability to stand continuous operating currents must be considered .
On August 8 , 2008 , Andreas Typaldos , CEO of Xandros , announced that Linspire would be discontinued in favor of Xandros ; Freespire would change its base code from Ubuntu to Debian ; and the Linspire brand would cease to exist .
However , the study of ticks and mites is sometimes not included in arachnology , but is called Acarology .
Ford received posthumous recognition for his gospel music contributions by adding him to the Gospel Music Association 's Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 1994 .
It is the only remaining gate of a series through which one formerly entered Berlin .
L'Atalante basin is a hypersaline brine lake at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea about west of the island of Crete .
She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work , and was given assignments from the Swedish Academy , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the royal academy Pro Patriaa and by Empress Eugenie of France .
Other popular variants include summer biathlon , which combines cross-country running with riflery , modern biathlon and biathle , which combine running with swimming .
Ferruccio Busoni was born in Empoli in Tuscany in Italy , the only child of two professional musicians .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when the vast majority tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
WiiWare
The yellow arrows also form a cross , which symbolizes both the Southern Cross , a constellation seen only in the Southern Hemisphere and the Roman Catholic or Christian symbol of redemption brought by Pedro Álvares Cabral and under whose shadow the first Mass in Brazil was celebrated in 1500 in Bahia .
Kwajalein Atoll -LRB- in English ; Marshallese : Kuwajleen , -RRB- , is part of the Republic of the Marshall Islands -LRB- RMI -RRB- .
He is the eldest of four siblings .
He writes that when Cimabue was absent from the workshop , his young apprentice painted such a lifelike fly on the face of the painting that Cimabue was working on , that he tried several times to brush it off .
The Siemens '' Desiro UK '' family also includes units of Classes 185 , 360 , 380 , 444 and 450 .
Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth 's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time , and are separated from one another by geologic features , such as oceans , broad deserts , or high mountain ranges , that formed barriers to plant and animal migration .
and emerged a success with sales of seven million .
Carlisle is a small , rural , affluent town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
George V becomes king in Britain .
Heterodontosaurus -LRB- meaning '' different toothed lizard '' -RRB- is a genus of small herbivorous dinosaur with prominent canine teeth which lived in the Early Jurassic of South Africa .
His poetry is written in German and Catalan .
In June 1836 she left the White House to recuperate in Poplar Grove -LRB- later termed Tulip Grove -RRB- , her plantation adjacent to the Hermitage .
Marr rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in The Smiths , where he formed a prolific songwriting partnership with Morrissey .
Sealed government documents surrounding John F. Kennedy 's assassination to be released.CommonDreams.Org Article Regarding the release of the JFK documents
__ TOC __
Preston North End are one of the founder members of the Football League .
Saint-Aubin-de-M Ã doc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
On August 2 , 2008 , 30 Seconds to Mars won the '' Video Star '' awards for '' A Beautiful Lie '' music video at MTV Asia Awards 2008 , in Genting , Malaysia .
The most famous example of the exaggeration is the apocryphal story that artist Frederic Remington telegrammed Hearst to tell him all was quiet in Cuba and '' There will be no war . ''
William Jewell College in Liberty , Missouri purchased Spurgeon 's 5,103-volume library collection for Â # 500 -LRB- $ 2500 -RRB- in 1906 .
Controversy Baraka 's writings have generated controversy over the years , particularly his advocacy of rape and violence towards -LRB- at various times -RRB- women , gay people , white people , and Jews .
Its fur is marked with rosettes similar to those of the jaguar , but the leopard 's rosettes are smaller and more densely packed , and do not usually have central spots as the jaguars do .
The company also helped develop motorcycles like Petronas FP1 .
This site is a group of three low mounds that excavations has shown were parts of a single settlement , approximately 5 hectares in size .
The characters are instead referred to by their function or role -LRB- e.g. Minister of the Left -RRB- , an honorific -LRB- e.g. His Excellency -RRB- , or their relation to other characters -LRB- e.g. Heir Apparent -RRB- , which may all change as the novel progresses .
E. maculatum ranges from Missouri east to the Atlantic Ocean and as far north as Ontario and Quebec south to Kentucky .
It is a fact in psychoacoustics that children can hear some high-pitched sounds that older adults can not hear , because in humans the upper limit pitch of hearing tends to become lower with age .
News Corporation 's Digital Media Group -LRB- NDM -RRB- , also known as News Corp. .
It was adopted on January 25 , 1839 as the final national flag of the Republic of Texas .
Kenya is the world leader in the number of solar power systems installed per capita -LRB- but not the number of watts added -RRB- .
Mandrake is the common name for members of the plant genus Mandragora belonging to the nightshades family -LRB- Solanaceae -RRB- .
Author Shere Hite notes in The Hite Report that most women achieve orgasm easily from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
Ã pothÃ mont is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Although his teams were outmatched by opponents , Robinson was respected as a disciplinarian coach , and drew the admiration of , among others , Langston University basketball player Marques Haynes , a future member of the Harlem Globetrotters .
This article is about the leader of Egypt .
Coins issued by Herod 's successors show that they dated their reigns as beginning in 4 BC .
One example of display used by some species can be found in the form of courtship , with the male usually having a striking feature that is distinguished by color , shape or size , used to attract a female .
Though ostensibly a manifestation of the traditional Roman sun god , the cult of Sol Invictus as practiced in the later Empire owed much to those of eastern deities , in particular Mithras .
Induction cooker , which uses induction heating for cooking .
Stamp acts have been enforced in many countries , including Australia , People 's Republic of China , Canada , Ireland , Malaysia , Israel , the United Kingdom and the United States of America .
The word bonsai is often used in English as an umbrella term for all miniature trees in containers or pots , but this article focuses on bonsai as defined in the Japanese tradition .
In 1967 the former area of the borough of Hartlepool was removed from the administrative county when it merged with West Hartlepool to form a new county borough of Hartlepool .
Eduard Strasburger , Walther Flemming , Heinrich von Waldeyer and the Belgian Edouard Van Beneden laid the basis for the cytology and cytogenetics of the 20th century .
Their first four albums were produced by Harry Vanda and George Young who also worked with AC\/DC .
The origin of the survey can be traced back at least early as the Domesday Book in 1086 , A. H. Halsey -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , A history of sociology in Britain : science , literature , and society , p. 34Geoffrey Duncan Mitchell -LRB-/O1970/O-RRB- , A new dictionary of sociology , p. 201 whilst ancient philosophers such as Confucius wrote on the importance of social roles .
The club has won numerous domestic honors and appeared in several European competitions , but they are best known for having won the final UEFA Cup in 2009 .
It is believed that Pholus originated as a Kuiper belt object .
Historic Scotland -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : Alba Aosmhòr -RRB- is an executive agency of the Scottish Government , responsible for historic monuments in Scotland .
The age distribution was 27.90 % under the age of 18 , 6.10 % from 18 to 24 , 37.10 % from 25 to 44 , 21.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.10 % who were 65 years of age or older .
Minear had another series , Drive , airing on Fox in April 2007 , however it was canceled by the network after only four episodes .
Traditional jazz enthusiasts have dismissed Bop , the 1970s jazz fusion era -LRB- and much else -RRB- as a period of commercial debasement of the music . According to Bruce Johnson , jazz music has always had a '' tension between jazz as a commercial music and an art form '' .
The annual formal ceremony and dinner at which the awards are presented is a major part of the film industry 's awards season , which culminates each year with the Academy Awards .
A caldera is a cauldron-like volcanic feature usually formed by the collapse of land following a volcanic eruption , such as the one at Yellowstone National Park in the US .
CÃ cents mpulung -LRB- also spelled CÃ mpulung , -RRB- , or CÃ cents mpulung Muscel , is a city in the ArgeÅ County , Wallachia , Romania .
Mark Brandt Dayton -LRB- born January 26 , 1947 -RRB- is an American politician , the 40th and current Governor of the state of Minnesota .
The Louvre is one of the largest and most famous museums , housing many works of art , including the Mona Lisa -LRB- La Joconde -RRB- and the Venus de Milo statue .
The first three-cushion billiards tournament took place January 14 -- 31 , 1878 in St. Louis , with McCreery a participant and New Yorker Leon Magnus the winner .
A puppet state has also been described as an entity which in fact lacks independence , preserves all the external paraphernalia of independence , but in reality is only an organ of another state who has set it up and whose satellite it is .
Around 1610 , the town was taken from the Mirani rulers by the Jaskani Balochs , who held it until 1787 .
Most Hy-Vee stores are full-service supermarkets with bakeries , delicatessens , banks , florists , pharmacies , and coffee shops -LRB- Caribou Coffee and Starbucks -RRB- .
Climate :
The phrase '' DIT IS ONS ERNS '' -LRB- roughly '' we are earnest -LRB- about this -RRB- '' , or '' this is our earnestness '' -RRB- is emblazoned on the pathway leading up to the monument .
For the game , see : 1829 -LRB- board game -RRB- .
Piano trio -LRB- piano , violin , cello -RRB-
Between 1530 and 1545 the province of Kandahar was in the possession of Mirza Kamran the brother of the Emperor Humayun .
Chosroes II The Small -LRB- -RRB- , the son of Tiridates III , was a member of the Arshakuni Dynasty and the king of Armenia from 330 -- 339 AD .
Uberfic is a variety of fan fiction in which the characters live in an alternative universe . The characters and events are true to the original canon but usually in a different time period , often as the ancestors , descendants or reincarnations of canon characters .
Manors varied similarly in their geographical arrangement : most did not coincide with a single village , but rather consisted of parts of two or more villages , most of the latter containing also parts of at least one other manor .
In biology , evolution is the term used to describe the way a type of living thing changes over a long period of time .
It runs in a general southwest-northeast direction from the Oklahoma border , and passes through several major Kansas cities , including Wichita , Topeka , Lawrence and Kansas City .
August 21 -- From 16:50 to 20:02 UTC , the first total solar eclipse of the 21st century for the United States , and the first visible in the continental U.S. since February 26 , 1979 , takes place .
The new School of Physical and Mathematical Sciences building houses laboratories that are designed along those at Oxford University and will be the best-equipped and most modern of laboratories among Singapore universities .
Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies , governments , groups and individuals .
Gabriel Alejandro Paletta -LRB- born 15 February 1986 in Buenos Aires -RRB- is an Argentine central defender , who plays for Parma F.C. .
Naruto defeats Gaara , and as a result , Gaara adopts Naruto 's philosophy , realizing that fighting for others yields greater strength than fighting for one 's self .
Grandville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
An infection of the tonsils is called tonsillitis .
Two bogie trams ordered in 1910 , later cancelled .
Ulster-Scots emigrated in significant numbers to the United States and all corners of the then-worldwide British Empire â '' Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa â '' and to a lesser extent to Argentina and Chile in South America .
Barbirolli became known for his ability to secure effective performances at short notice , and in the 1930s made many recordings with the LSO and London Philharmonic , accompanying concerti with leading soloists such as Fritz Kreisler , Jascha Heifetz and Arthur Rubinstein , most of which remain classics today .
It is the focal point of the vast Lake Eyre Basin and is found some 700 k north of Adelaide .
Naomi Russell , Australian gymnast
Landrethun-le-Nord is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
You could see Novaya str/O. , B.Pokrovskaya str .
Selles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A partial exception to this rule is the case of a woman who has no brothers , or whose brothers have no issue ; such a woman is called an heraldic heiress and may transmit the arms to her children as a quartering with their father 's arms , and so consequently to their descendants .
The Treaty of Trianon was the peace treaty concluded in 1920 at the end of World War I by the Allies of World War I , on one side , and Hungary , seen as a successor of Austria-Hungary , on the other .
Morse code uses a standardized sequence of short and long elements to represent the letters , numerals , punctuation and special characters of a given message .
It has an area of 266.73 km ² and a population of 38,899 -LRB- as of December 2004 -RRB- .
One explanation for this name is that during the 17th century , sailors from Swansea were respected and any ` Swansea Jack ' was allowed to join the crew based simply on the town 's reputation for good sailors .
Guemps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His germ plasm theory states that multicellular organisms consist of germ cells containing heritable information , and somatic cells that carry out ordinary bodily functions .
Emperor Saga -LRB- å å å ç Saga-tenn Å -RRB- -LRB- 786-842 -RRB- of the Heian Period adopted this custom , and celebrated parties to view the flowers with sake and feasts under the blossoming branches of sakura trees in the Imperial Court in Kyoto .
The Social Democratic Party of Austria -LRB- , or SPÖ -RRB- is one of the oldest parties in Austria .
The Mr. Men is a series of 48 -LRB- 46 published in English -RRB- children 's books by Roger Hargreaves started in 1971 ; they feature characters with names such as '' Mr. Tickle '' and '' Mr. Happy '' .
The first account by a western European to mention the ancient language Sanskrit came from Filippo Sassetti -LRB- born in Florence , Italy in 1540 -RRB- , a merchant who traveled to the Indian subcontinent .
El Factor
-RRB- Brown 's site gives a three-syllable pronunciation as an approximation of the Tongva .
Eton has traditionally been referred to as '' the chief nurse of England 's statesmen '' , and has been described as the most famous public school in the world .
Examples include the Jewish Halakha and Islamic Sharia -- both of which translate as the '' path to follow '' -- while Christian canon law also survives in some church communities .
A spoke is one of some number of rods radiating from the center of a wheel -LRB- the hub where the axle connects -RRB- , connecting the hub with the round traction surface .
Under this theory Atharva Veda also comes into count .
The brown tree snake preys upon birds , lizards , bats and small rodents in its native range .
Messier 's life Messier was born in Badonviller in the Lorraine region of France , being the tenth of twelve children of Francoise B. Grandblaise and Nicolas Messier , a Court usher .
Saint-Bo ès is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The bomb was ultimately dropped on the city of Nagasaki , the secondary target , at 11:02 JST .
French journalist Franklin Loufrani registered the iconic smiley face image as a trademark in France in 1971 -LRB- despite the undeniable proof of its much earlier existence -RRB- , and he created '' The Smiley Licensing Corporation , Ltd. '' to sell , license , and advertise the smiley face image in the United Kingdom and Europe .
The visual system accomplishes a number of complex tasks , including the reception of light and the formation of monocular representations ; the construction of a binocular perception from a pair of two dimensional projections ; the identification and categorization of visual objects ; assessing distances to and between objects ; and guiding body movements in relation to visual objects .
Stollberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony , in the district Erzgebirgskreis .
Eventually Oates ' intricate web of accusations fell apart , leading to his arrest and conviction for perjury .
Eduardo CÃ sar Daude Gaspar -LRB- born 15 May 1978 -RRB- , commonly known as Edu , is a Brazilian footballer who is currently unattached to a club after being released by his former club Corinthians .
Rose Marion Tyler is a fictional character portrayed by Billie Piper in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was created by series producer Russell T Davies .
Marinus -LRB- '' Rinus '' -RRB- Jacobus Hendricus Michels -LRB- 9 February 1928 -- 3 March 2005 -RRB- was a Dutch association football player and coach .
It may also refer to the color of the blood of a living person , like crimson , although the actual color of blood -LRB- from hemoglobin -RRB- is different .
During the Taliban 's seven-year rule , much of the population experienced restrictions on their freedom and violations of their human rights .
According to Champion , '' ... it was really difficult to record , because it worked at about five or six different tempos .
The Marea replaced the earlier Tipo-based Fiat Tempra . While the Fiat Stilo Multiwagon is the successor of the Marea Weekend , the Fiat Linea is scheduled to replace the saloon version in 2007 .
Sight is very important for most lizards , both for locating prey and for communication , and , as such , many lizards have highly acute color vision .
However , the lines that were eventually constructed were somewhat different compared to the lines that were originally proposed by the Hong Kong Mass Transport Study .
Baker -LRB-/O1919/O-RRB- In 1872 he returned to Germany , conducting an orchestra known as the Berlin Symphony Orchestra before establishing his own Neue Berliner Symphoniekapelle in 1876 .
Her second daughter , Princess Margaret , was born there .
New Providence is a city in Hardin County , Iowa , United States .
Among the dead were the Roman Consul Lucius Aemilius Paullus , as well as two consuls for the preceding year , two quaestors , twenty-nine out of the forty-eight military tribunes and an additional eighty senators -LRB- at a time when the Roman Senate comprised no more than 300 men , this constituted 25 % â '' 30 % of the governing body -RRB- .
The result was that the experiment of operating as an '' open party '' was first undertaken in Scotland under the name of Scottish Militant Labor , standing Tommy Sheridan for election from his jail cell .
Potsherds with Tamil writing have also been found in excavations on the Red Sea , suggesting the presence of Tamil merchants there .
Mika Pohjola -LRB- -LRB- born December 1 , 1971 -RRB- is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer , who resides in New York City .
Iceland Personal union with Denmark from 1918 to 1944 when the country became a republic Ireland Personal union with England from 1541 -LRB- when the Irish Parliament proclaimed King Henry VIII of England , King of Ireland -RRB- to 1707 -LRB- upon the formation of Great Britain -RRB- .
Food waste is '' any food substance , raw or cooked , which is discarded , or intended or required to be discarded '' , according to the legal definition of waste by the EU Commission .
See also Constitution of the Roman Republic Sign into law Threaten to veto References External links Regular Vetoes and Pocket Vetoes : An Overview -LRB- report -RRB- by Kevin R. Kosar Senate Reference Webpage on Vetoes , which includes lists of vetoes from 1789 to the current day .
In this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .
Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Hideto Inoue -LRB- born 27 June 1982 in Ehime prefecture , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Steve Young -LRB- born Jon Steven Young on October 11 , 1961 in Salt Lake City , Utah -RRB- , is a former quarterback for the Los Angeles Express of the United States Football League , the NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and the NFL 's San Francisco 49ers .
Le BoupÃ re is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
population_rank = 7th
Oisy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
According to their biomechanical analysis , the skull was very strong but had a relatively small bite force .
In previous seasons , Warner had split time with the team 's younger quarterback Matt Leinart , although Warner started the final 11 games of the 2007 season after Leinart suffered a season-ending injury .
, '' You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' .
Û Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù Û -RRB- .
Because the hair on the head is normally longer than other types of body hair , it is cut with scissors or clippers . People with longer hair will most often use scissors to cut their hair , whereas shorter hair is maintained using a trimmer .
Brown University is a private university located in Providence , Rhode Island , and a member of the Ivy League .
The box is defined as having zero potential energy inside a certain region and infinite potential energy everywhere outside that region .
The cartridge contains a port of A Link to the Past and a multiplayer-only game called Four Swords .
Anywhere from 100,000 to one million inhabitants were massacred and the city was sacked and burned .
Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh -LRB- born September 14 , 1974 in Abavo , Delta State -RRB- is a former Nigerian footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Andrea 's ACE would have been 0.895 104kt ² had it been tropical .
He has received the Congressional Gold Medal from the United States Congress and the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Reagan , America 's highest civilian honors .
Edward and Bella fall in love , but James , a sadistic vampire from another vampire coven , is drawn to hunt down Bella . Edward and the other Cullens defend Bella .
Professor Tim Flannery -LRB- born 28 January 1956 -RRB- is an Australian mammalogist , palaeontologist , and environmental and global warming activist .
February 21 -- 28 -- U.S. President Richard M. Nixon makes an unprecedented 8-day visit to the People 's Republic of China and meets with Mao Zedong .
Fashion accessories are decorative items that supplement and complement clothes , such as jewelry , gloves , handbags , hats , belts , scarves , watches , sunglasses , pins , stockings , bow ties , leg warmers , leggings , neckties , suspenders , and tights .
Also attached to the follicle is a tiny bundle of muscle fiber called the arrector pili .
In 1991 the national park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
She has been nominated four times for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing .
M. gallopavo
Retrieved on 2009-02-23 .
Zest is used to add flavor -LRB- '' zest '' -RRB- to foods .
His next Fox sitcom , Quintuplets , lasted one season .
Walden Media was founded in 2001 by Michael Flaherty and Cary Granat .
They are also used in advertising , publicity , and for branding purposes .
It has been estimated that more than one million people in the world can see today because of initiatives instigated by Hollows , the most notable example being The Fred Hollows Foundation .
Home and Away is an Australian soap opera television series that has been produced in Sydney by the Seven Network since July 1987 .
The recipient of a PayPal transfer can either request a check from PayPal , establish their own PayPal deposit account or request a transfer to their bank account .
In 1269 , they returned to Venice to meet Marco for the first time .
The season was fairly average , with 13 total storms and 6 hurricanes forming .
Also , in the 1980s , in the United States , some federal legislation was introduced for the homeless as a result of the work of Congressman Stewart B. McKinney .
Guided by Voices ' recording career began with a stream of self-financed , independent releases including Devil Between My Toes , Sandbox , Self-Inflicted Aerial Nostalgia , and Same Place The Fly Got Smashed .
The ships were intertwined for about 30 seconds .
Replacing oil with hydrogen made from non-oil resources -LRB- pp .
In direct translation , Ilulissat is the Greenlandic word for '' the icebergs '' .
Chaturanga is played in its current form in India .
From the early 15th to the late 16th century , Songhai was one of the largest African empires in history .
Until recently , it was reported that Nightingale reduced mortality from 40 % to 2 % on the battlefield .
Park Chu-Young -LRB- Hangul : ë ì # 1\/4 ì , Hanja : æ ä '' æ , born 10 July 1985 , Daegu -RRB- is a South Korean footballer who plays for AS Monaco and is the current captain for the South Korea national team .
When the area that is today Western Hungary was a province of the Roman Empire , a city called Scarbantia stood here .
The succession is regulated by the Act of Settlement 1701 , the Royal Marriages Act 1772 and common law .
He was born in Croydon , South London , educated at Whitgift School , where his father Bob was head of swimming , and studied Law and German at the University of Bristol .
Prior to 2005 , she was a secondary school student .
He was buried at the '' Alte Friedhof '' , where his tomb can still be found
Athens is a city in Limestone County , Alabama , United States .
Malay is a major language of the Austronesian family .
The San Gabriel Mountains are located in northern Los Angeles County and western San Bernardino County , California , United States .
In his prolific and significant architectural production worth mentioning : Roman : Román Fresnedo Siri , un arquitecto uruguayo - Yolanda Boronat y Marta Risso - 1984
As captain , he led them to three League titles in four seasons , plus two Scottish League Cups .
Le Mali -LRB- popularly known as Pour l'Afrique et pour toi , Mali & ndash ; French : For Africa and for you , Mali or A ton appel Mali & ndash ; French : At your call , Mali -RRB- is the national anthem of Mali .
She had to defend her views and she was told she would die .
In the case of musicals , the music , the lyrics , and the '' book '' -LRB- i.e. , the spoken dialogue and the stage directions -RRB- may each have their own author .
Juan Crisóstomo Jacobo Antonio de Arriaga y Balzola -LRB- January 27 , 1806 -- January 17 , 1826 -RRB- was a Basque composer .
According to one FAO document , juniper berries are the only spice derived from conifers , Chapter 8 : Seeds , Fruits , and Cones .
During the autumn of that year he left Duckworth and took a job as a script writer at the Warner Brothers Studio in Teddington .
The conference was formed from the remnant football schools of the old Missouri Valley when it stopped sponsoring its hybrid I-A\/I-AA football league in 1985 .
The claim is formally recognized by only four states , each of which also has a claim over part of the Antarctic .
The cosmic-radiation dose rate on airplanes is so high that , according to the United Nations UNSCEAR 2000 Report -LRB- see links at bottom -RRB- , airline flight crew workers receive more dose on average than any other worker , including those in nuclear power plants .
The race will start in Scunthorpe and finish in London .
The national language , Danish , is closely related to Swedish and Norwegian , with which it shares strong cultural and historical ties .
The Lady Penrhyn was a First Fleet transport ship of 338 tons , built on the River Thames in 1786 .
When guard cells take up these solutes , the water potential -LRB- Î -RRB- inside the cells decreases , causing osmotic water flow into the guard cells .
The members of this group are known as catnip or catmint because of their famous effect on cats -- nepeta pleasantly stimulates cats ' pheromonic receptors , typically resulting in temporary euphoria .
In computing , an office suite , sometimes called an office software suite or productivity suite is a collection of programs intended to be used by typical clerical workers and knowledge workers .
Dreamboat Annie Live , DVD interview 2007 .
Even the Sultan and his family were permitted entrance only once a year , on the 15th day of Ramadan , during the time when the palace was a residence .
The Toledo initially featured underpowered engines compared to the Ibiza and Málaga 's System Porsche units , such as a base 1.6 L petrol engine , and a GT version using the 2.0 L engine .
Of his personal life nothing is known , although he was a contemporary of Aristotle and his works seem to have been completed in Athens within the years 335 BC and 300 BC .
The Ottomans capture Philippopolis and Adrianopole -LRB- now the city of Edirne -RRB- from the Byzantine Empire , reducing it to the city of Constantinople .
Pasteurization is not intended to destroy all pathogenic micro-organisms in the food or liquid .
There is also a regularly-erupting geyser named Old Faithful near Calistoga , California .
Tripoli -LRB- - also Meaning Western Tripoli to distinguish it from Tripoli , Lebanon Libyan vernacular : ; derived from '' '' ; the Greek word for '' three cities '' in Greek : -RRB- is the largest city and capital of Libya .
However , the song eventually became the biggest hit of all participating songs in Melodifestivalen 2003 .
The term describes various Christian denominations -LRB- for example , Eastern Orthodox , Anglicanism , and the many varieties of Protestantism -RRB- .
Ball 1 : v = 8.5 m\/s Ball 2 : v = 1.5 m\/s
During that same year , the Greek cities in Sicily were induced to revolt against Roman political control , while the Macedonian king , Philip V , pledged his support to Hannibal â '' thus initiating the First Macedonian War against Rome .
14 Irene was discovered by J. R. Hind on May 19 , 1851 , and named after Eirene , a personification of peace in Greek mythology .
Companies producing for export extract US$ 13 million worth of ephedrine from 30,000 tons of ephedra annually , 10 times the amount that is used in traditional Chinese medicine .
Known as the Scratch Cat Pokémon , it spends most of the daytime sleeping and prowls the city streets at night .
Carme -LRB- the largest , which gives its name to the group -RRB-
Claudia Schiffer -LRB- born 25 August 1970 -RRB- is a German model and occasional actress , who reached the peak of her popularity during the 1990s , initially due to her resemblance to Brigitte Bardot .
Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo -LRB- 23 July 1886 , Corunna , Spain - 14 December 1978 , Locarno , Switzerland -RRB- was a Spanish diplomat , writer , historian and pacifist .
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack and Northampton counties in the U.S. state of Virginia .
The team then travels to New Orleans where they are stationed .
The following year he married Elizabeth Sandham , from a wealthy local family .
After Buffy switched networks in 2001 , Angel aired in a number of different time slots .
It is the second of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
However , this title too did not last , being informally changed by Richard Seddon to '' Prime Minister '' in 1901 during his tenure in office .
Science Hub The Science Hub , housed in Administrative Block 2 and the Science Block , comprises facilities for scientific research .
July 7 & ndash ; Battle of Chirokitia
In 2003 , Takahashi replaced Mari Yaguchi in the Morning Musume spinoff group Mini Moni , first appearing in the group 's movie ' and its accompanying soundtrack .
The Korean War -LRB- 1950 -- 1953 -RRB- was a military conflict between the Republic of Korea , supported by the United Nations , and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- , with air support from the Soviet Union .
The Saints ' Way -LRB- -RRB- is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
Michael Shayne Graham -LRB- born December 9 , 1977 in Radford , Virginia -RRB- is an American football placekicker for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
1854 & ndash ; Milan I , King of Serbia -LRB- d. 1901 -RRB-
1893 & ndash ; Jimmy Durante , American actor\/comedian -LRB- d. 1980 -RRB-
If an asymmetric key cipher with the public\/private key property , both will need the other 's public key .
He and his wife , Catherine '' Kate '' Raboteau Page bought surrounding the railroad junction in 1854 and named his development Cary after Samuel Fenton Cary -LRB- a former Ohio congressman and prohibitionist he admired -RRB- .
He was educated at Lancing College and went on to study music at Keble College , Oxford , serving as organist at Hertford College , but left without taking his degree .
In 1937 , the rebuilding of Waterloo Bridge required the diversion of the side entrance to the tramway to a new position centrally underneath the bridge , which opened on 21 November of that year .
US President Herbert Hoover did not attend the Games , becoming the first sitting head of government not to appear at an Olympics hosted in that country .
Plasmids can be found in all three major domains : Archea , Bacteria and Eukarya .
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games is a collection of twenty-four events based on the Olympic Games .
For example , a sic may show that an uncommon or archaic usage is reported faithfully , such as when quoting the U.S. Constitution : '' The House of Representatives shall chuse -LRB- sic -RRB- their Speaker ... '' However , various writing guidebooks discourage its use with regard to dialect such as exemplified in American and British English spelling differences .
The Fire Brigades Union -LRB- FBU -RRB- is a trade union in the United Kingdom for wholetime Firefighters -LRB- including Officers up to Chief Fire Officer\/Firemaster -RRB- , Retained Duty System -LRB- RDS -- part time -RRB- and Emergency Control Room staff .
Selhurst Park is a British football stadium located in the London suburb of South Norwood in the Borough of Croydon .
SOCKS uses a handshake protocol to inform the proxy software about the connection that the client is trying to make and may be used for any form of TCP or UDP socket connection , whereas an HTTP proxy analyzes the HTTP headers sent through it in order to infer the address of the server and therefore may only be used for HTTP traffic . The following examples demonstrate the difference between the SOCKS and HTTP proxy protocols :
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum -LRB- or in some cases , the difference -RRB- of their values .
Affair ,
The album Charted at # 58 on the Billboard 200 .
Seven volumes in length , it was composed by Buddhist priest Jien of the Tendai sect c. 1220 .
The date and location of the first Thanksgiving celebration is a topic of modest contention .
Ryosuke Matsuoka is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
On November 26 , 1917 , representatives of the Ottawa , Quebec and Montreal NHA clubs met at the Windsor Hotel in Montreal .
-LRB- Stress Remix -RRB- -LRB- featuring Ghostface Killah , Tyga , and Patrick Stump from Fall Out Boy -RRB- & ndash ; 4:32
Petroglyphs - carvings into stone surfaces
1966 & ndash ; An Air India Boeing 707 jet crashes on Mont Blanc , on the border between France and Italy , killing 117 .
Ice cube trays are designed to be filled with water , then placed in a freezer until the water freezes to ice , producing ice cubes .
Environmentalism can also be seen as a social movement that seeks to influence the political process by lobbying , activism , and education in order to protect natural resources and ecosystems .
Some composers of this type of serenade include Alessandro Stradella , Alessandro Scarlatti , Johann Joseph Fux , Johann Mattheson , and Antonio Caldara .
In ecology the word describes how biological systems remain diverse and productive over time .
It is bounded by the Wakhan Corridor -LRB- Afghanistan -RRB- to the north ; Xinjiang -LRB- China -RRB- to the northeast and east ; Skardu , Astore and Diamer to the south ; and Ghizar District to the west .
Adam explains that he had been paid by Tapp to trail and photograph Lawrence and shows him a pile of pictures that he found with the hacksaws .
Tropical Depression Ten was the tenth tropical cyclone of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
It is a Mars-crosser asteroid and was the first that was known to come within the orbit of Mars .
Theories propounded at the time linked him with the princely House of Baden .
Camogie is an Irish stick-and-ball team sport played by women ; it is almost identical to the game of hurling played by men .
In the November 2006 issue of National Geographic magazine , marine biologist Greg Rouse is reported as investigating the DNA variation of the two seadragon species across their ranges .
Washington National Cathedral , whose official name is the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul , is a cathedral of the Episcopal Church .
In 2008 , Rolling Stone cited this as number 60 on its list of 100 greatest '' guitar songs '' of all time .
In 1556 he joined the court of Duke Albrecht V of Bavaria , who was consciously attempting to create a musical establishment on a par with the major courts in Italy ; Lassus was one of several Netherlanders to work there , and by far the most famous .
Scranton was incorporated as a city of 35,000 in 1866 in Luzerne County when the surrounding boroughs of Hyde Park -LRB- now part of the city 's West Side -RRB- and Providence -LRB- now part of North Scranton -RRB- were merged with Scranton .
Indianapolis is home to several major sports teams and athletic events including the NFL 's Indianapolis Colts , the NBA 's Indiana Pacers , and the Indianapolis 500 and Brickyard 400 motorsports races .
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill -LRB- UNC , North Carolina , or simply Carolina -RRB- is a public research university located in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , United States .
It is commonly observed near microbursts and downbursts caused by thunderstorms , fronts , areas of locally higher low level winds referred to as low level jets , near mountains , radiation inversions that occur due to clear skies and calm winds , buildings , wind turbines , and sailboats .
Slices from the back of the pig are referred to as back bacon or back rashers .
Mark the Evangelist -LRB- Coptic : Î Î ` Î Î Î Ð ; Latin : Marcus ; ; -RRB- is the traditional author of the Gospel of Mark .
Alexander Agricola , Flemish composer -LRB- d. 1506 -RRB-
Kad köy -LRB- ancient and Byzantine Chalcedon -RRB- is a large , populous , and cosmopolitan district of stanbul , Turkey on the Asian side of the Sea of Marmara , facing the historic city center on the European side of the Bosporus .
Due to the long , narrow build , they are sometimes referred to as a wiener dog or a sausage dog .
Saint-Barth Ã lemy-le-Plain is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
James Joner purchased in 1764 and laid out the town of Dover .
Japanese terrestrial television is in the process of switching entirely to digital UHF , with all analog television -LRB- both VHF and UHF -RRB- planned to shut down in 2011 .
Gifhorn -LRB- -RRB- is a district in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Hume was born at Seven Hills -LRB- his father 's property -RRB- near Parramatta , a settlement close to -LRB- and now a suburb of -RRB- Sydney .
The contemporary Christian right became increasingly vocal and organized in reaction to a series of United States Supreme Court decisions -LRB- notably Bob Jones University v. Simon and Bob Jones University v. United States -RRB- and also engaged in battles over pornography , obscenity , abortion , state sanctioned prayer in public schools , textbook contents -LRB- concerning evolution vs. creationism -RRB- , homosexuality , and sexual education .
A beak , similar in shape to a parrot 's beak , is the only hard part of their body .
Tourism plays a big part in the Corsican economy .
David Wayne Toms -LRB- born January 4 , 1967 -RRB- is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour .
Heinlein graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis in 1929 , and served as an officer in the United States Navy .
The middle part has bristles along its sides and also pairs of feathery gills .
Wiley expanded the well in the hope of attracting business to his remote desert store ; it was maintained by local ranchers and cattlemen for years afterward .
Career Joshua Bell made his Carnegie Hall debut in 1985 with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra .
at :1994 shift : -LRB- $ dx , $ up -RRB- text : Sonic the Hedgehog 3 ~ Sonic & Knuckles
Barbirolli conducted the orchestra for 25 years in many cities , including at the Cheltenham Festival , where he premiered many new works .
In 2000 , the Hardy Boyz found a new manager in their real-life friend Lita .
If the election were to occur now , the result would be extremely doubtful , and although most of our discreet friends are sanguine of the result , my impression is , the chances would be against us .
Vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d. , but the documents are not clear .
Each year , the Sovereign resides at the Palace of Holyroodhouse for a week in June or July ; during the visit , a service for the Order is held .
Morse began putting together the Steve Morse Band , a trio with Jerry Peek -LRB- bass -RRB- and Doug Morgan -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Dosches is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The harmonica , also called harp , French harp , blues harp , and mouth organ , is a free reed wind instrument used primarily in blues and American folk music , jazz , country music , and rock and roll .
Druillat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It is a report on a qualitative study in which Moody interviewed 150 people who had undergone near-death experiences -LRB- NDEs -RRB- .
Etymology The name '' buckwheat '' or '' beech wheat '' comes from its triangular seeds , which resemble the much larger seeds of the beech nut from the beech tree , and the fact that it is used like wheat .
Multiple chambers allowed for guaranteed representation of different social classes -LRB- as in the Parliament of the United Kingdom or the French States-General -RRB- , ethnic or regional interests , or subunits of a federation .
In the early morning of October 8 , 1895 , sword-bearing assassins , allegedly under orders from Miura GorÅ , entered Gyeongbok Palace .
Curt Stern -LRB- August 30 , 1902 & ndash ; October 23 , 1981 -RRB- was a German-born American geneticist .
They are slow-growing evergreen shrubs or short trees , from tall , with sparse branches , sometimes bearing small thorns .
The World Meteorological Organization retired two names in the spring of 1980 : David and Frederic .
He soon grew tired of the concert life and decided to open a publishing house in Paris , which as Éditions Farrenc , was one of France 's leading music publishers for nearly 40 years .
Sixty-one is the sum of two squares , 52 + 62 , and it is also a centered square number , a centered hexagonal number and a centered decagonal number .
Buxton is a spa town in Derbyshire , England .
Bonnie restrengthened to a minimal hurricane , but weakened as it headed rapidly to the northeast . Bonnie became extratropical on August 30 while about 240 miles -LRB- 440 km -RRB- south-southeast of Newfoundland .
In December 2003 , music director Paul Daniel announced that he would resign from ENO at the end of his contract in 2005 .
Mulder is also quick to lose control of his temper and his senses when Scully is involved ; he has on more than one occasion drawn or referred to his firearm in an unprofessional manner and become violent in his grief .
It was intended as a direct competitor for the large United States fourth generation fighters , with long 3,530 km range , heavy armament , sophisticated avionics and high agility .
Alzonne is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
With an area of more than , Sahara Desert - Britannica Online Encyclopedia it is the world 's 9th largest subtropical desert .
His Shakespeare opera , A Midsummer Night 's Dream , followed in 1960 .
Even if it enjoyed an economic revival during the 1930s , after WWII it suffered because of the border changes and , throughout the Cold War , Trieste has been a peripheral city of western Europe .
See Terminal ballistics and\/or Stopping power for an overview of how bullet design affects what happens when a bullet impacts with an object .
Without the restriction of a roof , the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as as compared to WrestleMania 23 's height of .
Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui -LRB- or Pachacutec -RRB- was the ninth Sapa Inca -LRB- 1438-1471\/1472 -RRB- of the Kingdom of Cusco , which he transformed into the empire Tawantinsuyu , or the Inca Empire .
A monster truck is a pickup truck , typically styled after pickup trucks ' bodies , modified or purposely built with extremely large wheels and suspension .
Retrieved 2008-08-23 A lyric poem is one that expresses a subjective , personal point of view .
Its county seat is Tavares .
Banca Monte Dei Paschi Di Siena , the world 's oldest surviving bank , is founded .
The series has hosted its rounds since , with the exception of the 2004 closure , the circuit became the first to take place on an international level racetrack and the first of the three to take place on an F1 circuit .
Wealth can be categorized into three principal categories : personal property , including homes or automobiles ; monetary savings , such as the accumulation of past income ; and the capital wealth of income producing assets , including real estate , stocks , and bonds .
On May 5 , 2006 , Prudius had his first untelevised WWE match as a babyface during a house show in San Jose , California , defeating Rob Conway .
Dennis Lynn Rader -LRB- born March 9 , 1945 -RRB- is an American serial killer who murdered 10 people in Sedgwick County -LRB- in and around Wichita , Kansas -RRB- , between 1974 and 1991 .
It was initially titled Atticus , but Lee renamed it to reflect a story that went beyond a character portrait .
In May 1992 , Davis was appointed CBE and in January 1999 , he was appointed Knight Bachelor in the New Year Honours List .
Alejandro Díez
The Oort cloud is thought to comprise two separate regions : a spherical outer Oort cloud and a disc-shaped inner Oort cloud , or Hills cloud . Objects in the Oort cloud are largely composed of ices , such as water , ammonia , and methane .
The penetrating partner positions themselves between the receiving partner 's legs .
Mettet is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
The construction of the earliest earthwork sites in Britain began during the early Neolithic -LRB- c. 4400 BC -- 3300 BC -RRB- in the form of long barrows used for communal burial and the first causewayed enclosures , sites which have parallels on the continent .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
Notrium is a freeware video game for Microsoft Windows .
A second competition of five comedic playwrights followed , and the winners of both competitions were chosen by a panel of judges .
It plays a pivotal role in analytic number theory and has applications in physics , probability theory , and applied statistics .
Peer Steinbrück became finance minister of Germany .
Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .
The club are currently the only amateur club in the Scottish League ; their amateur status is reflected by their motto , Ludere Causa Ludendi - to play for the sake of playing .
Typically clocks are adjusted forward one hour near the start of spring and are adjusted backward in autumn .
Called '' The Pop -LRB- ulist -RRB- album of the Year '' by Op Magazine : The Lost Music network , the record received much critical acclaim and was even a Billboard magazine '' Recommended LP '' when reviewed in the October 2 , 1982 issue .
Lensky renounces his friendship with Onegin in front of all the guests , and challenges Onegin to a duel , which the latter is forced , with many misgivings , to accept .
He has been inducted into both the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame and is also a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honour .
From 1997 to 2001 , Buzek was a coalition Prime Minister of Poland .
The FIA Super Licence is a qualification allowing the licence holder to take part in Formula One Grands Prix as a driver .
The nationality that appears on the racing licence is the same one that appears on the driver 's passport .
Mineral definition and classification To be classified as a true mineral , a substance must be a solid and have a crystalline structure .
The arena substructure was partly excavated in 1810 â '' 1814 and 1874 and was fully exposed under Benito Mussolini in the 1930s .
The orchestra 's home for the first part of its history was the Free Trade Hall .
Robert Graeme Pollock , known as Graeme , -LRB- born 27 February 1944 in Durban , Natal , South Africa -RRB- is a former cricketer .
Michelle McManus -LRB- born 8 May 1980 , Glasgow -RRB- is a Scottish singer , actress and television personality , who won the second series of Pop Idol in 2003 .
Released in 1978 , The Steve Miller Band 's Greatest Hits 1974-1978 has sold over 13 million copies and Miller continues to perform successful sold-out concert performances .
The Eastman School of Music -LRB- also known more simply as The Eastman School , Eastman , or ESM -RRB- is a music conservatory located in Rochester , New York , United States .
Anti-whaling countries and environmental groups contend that those stocks remain vulnerable and that whaling is immoral , unsustainable , and should remain banned permanently .
'' Historical and Legal Aspects of the International Status of Taiwan -LRB- Formosa -RRB- '' WUFI
Margot Honecker served for more than 20 years as the GDR Minister for People 's Education .
As it rose , the corals could then grow higher on the hills of the coastal plain .
The modern Coast Guard can be said to date to 1915 , when the Revenue Cutter Service merged with the United States Life-Saving Service and Congress formalized the existence of the new organization .
Book Review : Irreducible Mind The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease , Volume 196 , Number 4 , April 2008 , pp .
Mars has four known co-orbital asteroids -LRB- 5261 Eureka , , , and , all at the Lagrangian points -RRB- , and Jupiter has many -LRB- more than 1000 known objects , the Trojan asteroids -RRB- ; there are also other small co-orbital moons in the Saturnian system : Telesto and Calypso with Tethys , and Helene and Polydeuces with Dione .
The state of Tasmania consists of the island of Tasmania and surrounding islands , and in addition there are 6 island territories , known as external territories , and a claim to a territory in Antarctica .
He wanted the men and women who attended his college to be able to get jobs and '' raise the standard of living among their people '' .
He studied law and political science in Halle , in Lausanne and as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University .
Current WHO phase of pandemic alert World Health Organization 2009
Although the album was completed in the spring of 1991 , it was not released until 1992 .
River Park Drive was paved in 1899 , but the Broadway entrance remained unfinished until 1914 .
map =
The hotel has its own railway platform as part of Grand Central Terminal , used by Franklin D. Roosevelt , James Farley , Adlai Stevenson , and Douglas MacArthur , among others .
Apparently the Greek playwrights never used more than three actors based on what is known about Greek theater .
District Government Abbottabad .
As the prevalence of H. pylori-caused ulceration declines in the Western world due to increased medical treatment , a greater proportion of ulcers will be due to increasing NSAID use among individuals with pain syndromes as well as the growth of aging populations that develop arthritis .
Pierre Jules ThÃ ophile Gautier -LRB- August 30 , 1811 â '' October 23 , 1872 -RRB- was a French poet , dramatist , novelist , journalist , art critic and literary critic .
Medusa is another word for jellyfish , and as such is used to refer specifically to the adult stage of the life cycle .
The town after which it is named -- Berwick-upon-Tweed -- was lost by Scotland to England in 1482 .
This period spanned the years from February 1261 to February 1264 .
George Fitzgerald Smoot III -LRB- born February 20 , 1945 -RRB- is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
The London Borough of Bexley lies to the south east of Greater London , one of those boroughs referred to as Outer London . It has common borders with the London Borough of Bromley to the south , the London Borough of Greenwich to the west and the River Thames is the northern boundary with the London Borough of Havering and the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham .
Together with stratigraphic principles , radiometric dating methods are used in geochronology to establish the geological time scale .
This was the foundation of Porno Graffitti .
The track was the second music video to be released by the band , although as with their previous single , Through the Fire and Flames , the song is edited to reduce the running time to around 5 minutes compared to the album version of nearly 8 minutes .
Andreas Görlitz -LRB- born 31 January 1982 -RRB- is a German footballer who plays for FC Ingolstadt 04 in the German second division , as a right defender .
cityofbirth = Amparo
Security : Since public computers can have password-stealing trojans or keyloggers installed , users may register an alternative account to prevent the hijacking of their main accounts .
Allen Park , Michigan , U.S.
Directed by David R. Ellis , the film features the three animals from the first film , Shadow the Golden Retriever -LRB- voiced by Ralph Waite -RRB- , Sassy the Himalayan cat -LRB- Sally Field -RRB- , and Chance the American Bulldog -LRB- Michael J. Fox -RRB- .
Bad Friedrichshall is a town in the district of Heilbronn in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg in southern Germany .
Characteristics The original motto of the International Committee of the Red Cross was Inter Arma Caritas -LRB- '' Amidst War , Charity '' -RRB- .
On December 7 , 1849 , Prince Friedrich Wilhelm Konstantin sold the country to his relative , King Frederick William IV of Prussia .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
On March 10 , 2005 , Viacom and WWE decided not to go on with the agreement with Spike TV , making it so Raw and other WWE programs on the network would cease when their deal expired in September 2005 .
WPXI is the NBC-affiliated television station for Western Pennsylvania that is licensed to Pittsburgh .
Kapelle derives from the Latin word capella .
The concept was famously used by Kurt Gödel for the proof of his incompleteness theorem .
A graph structure can be extended by assigning a weight to each edge of the graph .
Lisores is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
They are a member of the South Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Nuclear weapons deliveryâ '' the technology and systems used to bring a nuclear weapon to its targetâ '' is an important aspect of nuclear weapons relating both to nuclear weapon design and nuclear strategy .
It is positioned between the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean .
A solstice is an astronomical event that happens twice each year when the Sun 's apparent position in the sky reaches its northernmost or southernmost extremes .
Destroyer is the fourth studio album and fifth album overall by hard rock band Kiss , released on March 15 , 1976 in the United States .
Ancient Greek is the historical stage in the development of the Greek language spanning the Archaic -LRB- c. 9th -- 6th centuries BC -RRB- , Classical -LRB- c. 5th -- 4th centuries BC -RRB- , and Hellenistic -LRB- c. 3rd century BC -- 6th century AD -RRB- periods of ancient Greece and the ancient world .
After a divorce , she married Tonight Show drummer Ed Shaughnessy in 1963 and had two sons , James and Daniel .
The Mediterranean Sea is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean surrounded by the Mediterranean region and almost completely enclosed by land : on the north by Anatolia and Europe , on the south by Africa , and on the east by the Levant .
Joachim '' Jogi '' Löw -LRB- ; born 3 February 1960 in Schönau im Schwarzwald -RRB- is the coach of the German national football team and a former football midfielder .
It is the custom to reward Wikipedia contributors for hard work and due diligence by awarding them a barnstar .
Bruno Kreisky -LRB- January 22 , 1911 July 29 , 1990 -RRB- was an Austrian politician who served as Chancellor of his country from 1970 to 1983 .
Cyma Zarghami is an Iranian-American cable television executive currently serving as the president of Nickelodeon and MTV Networks ' Kids & Family Group .
Roe consumed within the UK is generally soft roe as opposed to hard roe .
Often tell-tales , small pieces of yarn , are attached to the sail .
Debt consolidation entails taking out one loan to pay off many others .
St. Barts has long been considered a playground of the rich and famous and is known for its beautiful pristine beaches , gourmet dining in chic bistros and high-end designer shopping .
The core provision , section 1 , stated that '' the Greater London Council ; and the metropolitan county councils '' shall cease to exist .
After his racing career Lightning Bar went on to become a show horse , earning 18 open halter points with the AQHA , and an AQHA Champion award in 1955 .
They are known from Brazil -LRB- Saturnalia and Unaysaurus -RRB- , Madagascar -LRB- recently discovered -RRB- , and Morocco -LRB- Azendohsaurus -RRB- .
Hera banned Leto from giving birth on '' terra firma '' , the mainland , any island at sea , or any place under the sunHyginus , Fabulae 140 -RRB- .
It is the most well-known version of the M \* A \* S \* H works .
The Pakenham line branches from the Lilydale line at Richmond and shares four tracks with the Frankston line to Caulfield , running next to the Sandringham line as far as South Yarra .
Hindko however , is the predominant language and is spoken mostly in the west and southwest towards the border with Muzzafarrabad and NWFP .
Originally , Fey '' struggled '' at SNL .
Denmark is credited as co-developer of the pertussis -LRB- whooping cough -RRB- vaccine in the 1920s and 1930s .
The 1980s witnessed home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer .
ATV is a nationwide TV channel in Turkey , founded in 1993 .
Sheffield United Football Club is a professional English football club based in the city of Sheffield , South Yorkshire .
Presles-et-Boves is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Senonnes is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Audio drama Martha also appears in a BBC Radio 4 Torchwood drama , '' Lost Souls '' which aired in Summer 2008 as an Afternoon Play featuring the voices of the Torchwood cast and Freema Agyeman .
Jambul is also known as Jaam\/Kalojaam , Jamun , Nerale Hannu , Njaval , Neredupandu , Jamblang , Jambolan , Jambula , Black Plum , Damson Plum , Duhat Plum , Jambolan Plum , Java Plum or Portuguese Plum .
The law expresses that energy can be transformed , i.e. changed from one form to another , but can not be created or destroyed .
It may be used as bedding and food for small animals , but this often leads to injuries to mouth , nose and eyes as straw is quite sharp .
The ice cap covers an area of about , feeding many outlet glaciers .
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
The district is named after Mir Jafar Khan Jamali , a Muslim League veteran from Balochistan and a close friend of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah .
Vendlincourt is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Subtly , it may seem to exclude human beings -LRB- '' humans and the great apes '' -RRB- or to include them -LRB- '' humans and non-human great apes '' -RRB- . -RRB-
He was a son of Robert the Strong , count of Anjou , and is sometimes referred to as duke of France and also as count of Paris .
The half-hour long show premiered on July 21 , 1996 , and was hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 1998 .
Lovins worked professionally as an environmentalist in the 1970s and since then as an analyst of and advocate for a '' soft energy path '' for the United States and other nations .
Its county seat is Moore Haven , Florida .
A chaplain is typically a priest , pastor , ordained deacon , rabbi , imam , other member of the clergy , or another representative of a faith or belief , serving a group of people who are not organized as a mission or church , or who are unable to attend religious services for various reasons , such as health , confinement , or military or civil duties .
The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit , made his way to the ring , and stated that he would be challenging the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
The resulting album , Badmotorfinger , was released on October 8 , 1991 .
Jien records that Suizei was one of the sons of Emperor Jimmu , and that he ruled from the palace of Takaoka-no-miya at Katsuragi in what will come to be known as Yamato province .
During this time , it weakened dramatically and was only a tropical storm when it made landfall in Belize .
The state itself encompassed only a small territory , including Mahabad , and the market towns of Piranshahr , Sardasht , Bukan , Naqada and Ushnaviya .
-LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- summarized the molecular and morphological data to date and proposed the following taxonomy :
According to the Plain English Campaign , the symbol appears on over 18,300 documents worldwide .
The present Head Master , Anthony Little MA , is a member of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference and the school is a member of the Eton Group of independent schools in the United Kingdom .
Her racquets are provided by Babolat .
Bruce Lorne Campbell -LRB- born June 22 , 1958 -RRB- is an American actor , producer , writer , and director .
More commonly , other herbs had been used , such as stinging nettle and henbane .
Bellucci started modelling at 16 , when she was attending the Liceo classico .
A new version of the set , the new Lego Mindstorms NXT 2.0 , was announced in January 2009 , featuring a color sensor and other upgraded capabilities .
Wood Dale is a city in DuPage County , Illinois , United States .
The concept of a protein mosaic that dynamically coordinated cytoplasmic biochemistry was proposed by Rudolph Peters in 1929 while the term -LRB- cytosquelette , in French -RRB- was first introduced by French embryologist Paul Wintrebert in 1931 .
Located east-northeast of Charing Cross , it is one of the locally important district centres identified in the London Plan , and comprises a number of shopping streets and a large residential area .
Landouzy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The elder Claesson died on January 4 , 2008 in Stockholm .
Switzer resurfaced in coaching in 1994 with the Dallas Cowboys .
Yerevan 's manufactures include chemicals , primary metals , machinery , rubber products , plastics , textiles , alcoholic beverages and processed food .
The freeways connecting Al Ain , Abu Dhabi and Dubai form a geographic triangle in the center of the country , each city roughly 150 kilometers from the other two .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale : Circular Reasoning or Reliable Tools ?
is a municipality and the capital city of the province of Overijssel , Netherlands , 120 kilometers northeast of Amsterdam .
1586 & ndash ; Emperor Go-Yozei becomes Emperor of Japan .
He tried to convince the Sinn FÃ in party to accept this new line . However , a vote to accept the Free State Constitution -LRB- contingent on the abolition of the Oath of Allegiance -RRB- narrowly failed .
If any elements of the database schema are dropped then the database schema is not ideal .
The name is dervived from Greek : sarx = flesh and kystis = bladder .
Now it is in its 37th printing and has sold over one million copies .
It is predated in the 2nd millennium BC by Mycenaean Greek .
Based in Boston , Massachusetts , it employs over 45,000 people in more than 900 locations throughout the world .
2 × First-Team All-Pro selection -LRB- 2005 , 2006 -RRB-
At one of the celebrated Gewandhaus concerts he played his third piano concerto , which was received enthusiastically .
The latest game in the series , Wizardry 8 , is available only for Microsoft Windows .
Browneyed Soul -LRB- , also written Brown Eyed Soul -RRB- is a Korean RnB group who released their debut album , Soul Free , in September , 2003 .
The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning '' red people '' , and is known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State .
Nome -LRB- Inupiaq : Sitnasuaq -RRB- is a city in the Nome Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska , located on the southern Seward Peninsula coast on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea .
Alonso Álvarez de Pineda , Spanish explorer and cartographer -LRB- d. 1519 -RRB-
, Ando is ranked 4th in the world by the International Skating Union -LRB- ISU -RRB- .
They were the first American ice dance team since 1976 , the first year ice dancing was contested at the Olympics , to win an Olympic medal .
The band came up with the name by flicking through the Bible and picking out a random word .
Music was a part of her life at an early age ; by five she was singing every weekend in her family 's band .
The astringent score is marked by some haunting soundscapes of ` ambiguous Venice ' .
Since water does not usually go up to the surface of the sand , the sand on top appears solid and can support leaves and other small debris , making quicksand difficult to distinguish from the surrounding environment .
Daigo Kobayashi -LRB- born February 19 , 1983 in Fuji , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who last played for Shimizu S-Pulse .
'' Ecumenism '' is derived from Greek -LRB- oikoumene -RRB- , which means '' the inhabited world '' , but more figuratively something like '' universal oneness . ''
By the end of that tour , drummer Patrik RÃ fling left the band , and Anders Johansson , a friend of Magnus RosÃ n , joined as a touring musician .
The written protohistory of Scotland began with the arrival of the Roman Empire in southern and central Great Britain , when the Romans occupied what is now England and Wales , administering it as a province called Britannia .
GMR was first discovered in 1988 , in Fe\/Cr\/Fe trilayers by a research team led by Peter GrÃ 1\/4 nberg of Forschungszentrum JÃ 1\/4 lich -LRB- DE -RRB- , who owns the patent .
Douglas Edward Alexander Gustafsson McIntosh -LRB- born 31 January 1977 in Philadelphia , U.S. -RRB- is a Swedish football goalkeeper .
Graettinger is a city in Palo Alto County , Iowa , United States .
The album was released in January , 1983 and featured the hit singles '' Straight from the Heart '' , '' This Time '' and '' Cuts Like a Knife '' .
Overview The Cardinals are the oldest professional American football club in the United States .
The European Capital of Culture is a city designated by the European Union for a period of one calendar year during which it organises a series of cultural events with a strong European dimension .
During the late 1970s , the 1980s and early 1990s , New York City had a higher crime rate than it does todayNew York Crime Rates 1960 - 2007 .
Surface temperatures range from about 90 to 700 K , with the subsolar point being the hottest and the bottoms of craters near the poles being the coldest .
Later that year they released their second album Revolutions per Minute which was greeted with warm success .
Gemlik is a harbor town bordering the Sea of Marmara in Western Turkey , at approximately 29 kilometres from Bursa and not far from Istanbul .
The word '' Hind '' is the Persianised reference to the regions associated with the Indus River immediately to the east of Persia and '' Ko '' means mountainsEncyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition - Kohistan .
Darth Maul is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe and a main villain in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace .
SmackDown General Manager Theodore Long made a Battle Royal for the vacant title .
The song is influenced by 1970s funk and contains limited elements of 1980s go-go , with sound that closely resembles live music .
Worldwide The world 's busiest passenger station , in terms of daily passenger throughput , is Shinjuku Station in Tokyo , Japan .
Édouard Daladier -LRB- 18 June 1884 - 10 October 1970 -RRB- was a French Radical politician , and Prime Minister of France at the start of the Second World War .
After a short break , SM Entertainment announced that the group would be back with a new mini-album sporting a '' Marine Girl '' concept . The new single was to be titled Tell Me Your Wish -LRB- Genie -RRB- -LRB- , literally '' Tell Me Your Wish '' -RRB- ; with the full mini album being released digitally on June 22 , 2009 .
Noyelles-l Ã s-Humi Ã res is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The speaker moves in accordance with the variations of an electrical signal and causes sound waves to propagate through a medium such as air or water .
Ashley Marie Massaro -LRB- born May 26 , 1979 -RRB- is an American model and inactive professional wrestler best known for her work with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- and her appearance on ' .
The Chinese invent toilet paper for use by their emperors .
Paramount is the last major film studio located in Hollywood proper .
His books include : A glossary of terms used in parapsychology -LRB-/O2003/O-RRB- , The common thread between ESP and PK -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , and Parapsychology in the Twenty-First Century : Essays on the future of Psychical Research -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB- .
The riot resulted in almost 279 injuries to police and 45 injuries to members of the public ; over a hundred vehicles were burned , including 56 police vehicles ; and almost 150 buildings were damaged , with thirty burned .
However human casualties were low , the damage was largely to infrastructure - including damage to water supplies
The excretory duct of seminal gland opens into the vas deferens as it enters the prostate gland .
Peridot is one of the few gemstones that occur in only one color : basically an olive green .
BouillÃ - Courdault is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Santo Domingo Este was created as municipality in 2001 by law 163-01 splitting the Santo Domingo province from the Distrito Nacional .
Aue-Schwarzenberg is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Günter Bernard -LRB- born 4 November 1939 in Schweinfurt , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player .
Tyndaleâ s Bible is credited with being the first English translation to work directly from Hebrew and Greek texts .
Judd Apatow -LRB- born December 6 , 1967 -RRB- is an Emmy Award-winning American film producer , screenwriter , director and former stand-up comedian .
NOTE : Describing the PRC 's \* GOVERNMENT TYPE \* has been a contentious issue .
For an international topic , use the form of English that the original author used .
He conducted premieres such as the full seven-movement version of Brahms 's German Requiem -LRB- 1869 -RRB- .
He is a New Zealand actor , director and writer , mostly on stage and television .
During the 1890s Albéniz lived in London and Paris and wrote mainly theatrical works , especially a projected trilogy of Arthurian operas commissioned , and supplied with libretti by , the wealthy Francis Money-Coutts , 5th Baron Latymer .
Workers with the ability to reproduce are called '' gamergates '' and colonies that lack queens are then called gamergate colonies ; colonies with queens are said to be queen-right .
He played a total of 116 games scoring 18 goals whilst at Dean Court , and also became captain .
His ideas were not taken up due to technical limitations and , according to proponents of his method , because of opposition from the champions of conventional fertilisers .
The most well known examples are the oranges , lemons , grapefruit and limes .
Tegan was the longest-serving companion in terms of continuous years on the series -LRB- 3 years , 1 month -RRB- , closely followed by Sarah Jane Smith -LRB- whom Tegan briefly meets in the serial The Five Doctors -RRB- . Jamie McCrimmon was in more episodes and serials than Tegan , while Rose Tyler was in more serials , but not as many episodes .
The Wall Live 1980 -- 81 Released : 23 March 2000 -LRB- Europe -RRB- , 18 April 2000 -LRB- USA -RRB- Label : EMI , Columbia Format : cassette , CD 15 -- 3 7 8 3 2 4 2 4 50 3 19 UK : SilverUS : Platinum '' -- '' denotes releases that did not chart or were n't released in that country .
Their third album , Motion in the Ocean , was released on 6 November 2006 and charted at # 6 in the UK .
January 12 & ndash ; Sir Robert Inglis , Bt , English politician -LRB- d. 1855 -RRB-
They have two children : Jayden Will , born in 2004 in Hammersmith and Fulham , London , Births England and Wales 1984-2006 ; and Renee , born in June 2008 .
A ferry is a form of transport , usually a boat or ship , used to carry -LRB- or ferry -RRB- passengers and their vehicles across a body of water .
As a result , he has been described as '' one of the world 's most influential thinkers '' and was granted a $ 250,000 '' genius award '' by the MacArthur Foundation in 1986 .
The Persian Jird -LRB- Meriones persicus -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Muridae family found in Afghanistan , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Iran , Iraq , Pakistan , Turkey , and Turkmenistan .
Triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .
1879 & ndash ; The Anglo-Zulu War begins .
The goodly fellowship of the Prophets : praise thee .
Jin was a Mary Ellen von der Heyden Fellow for Fiction at the American Academy in Berlin , Germany , in the fall of 2008 .
Weight varies from ; its body length ranges from ; it has no tail .
In October 2000 , Heinz introduced colored ketchup products called EZ Squirt , which eventually included green , purple , pink , orange , teal , and blue .
Iowa is bordered by the Mississippi River on the east ; the Missouri River and the Big Sioux River on the west ; the northern boundary is a line along 43 degrees , 30 minutes north latitude .
In 1989 , Casals was posthumously awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award .
Hesperioidea is very likely the sister group of Papilionoidea , and together with Hedyloidea they constitute a natural group -LRB- clade -RRB- .
In outer space , solar wind is the movement of gases or charged particles from the sun through space , while planetary wind is the outgassing of light chemical elements from a planet 's atmosphere into space .
Color , style and ceremonial importance of the gown can depend on the religion and culture of the wedding participants .
The blown-off outer layers of dying stars include heavy elements which may be recycled during new star formation .
The league comprises 16 teams which play 22 home and away rounds between late March and late August or early September .
Constitutional monarchy -- A government that has a monarch , but one whose powers are limited by law or by a formal constitution .
Superhero is a live album by singer\/comedian Stephen Lynch .
Chariot Thor travels in a chariot drawn by the goats Tanngrisnir and Tanngnjóstr and with his servant and messenger Þjálfi and with Þjálfi 's sister Röskva .
Swaythling - Burgess Road - Bassett Crossroads - Avenue Junction closed on 5 March 1949 .
Quinn , 638 He was taken to the Washington College Hospital , where he died on Sunday , October 7 , 1849 , at 5:00 in the morning .
George Sainton Kaye Butterworth , MC -LRB- 12 July 1885 -- 5 August 1916 -RRB- was an English composer best known for his tone poem The Banks of Green Willow and his settings of A. E. Housman 's poems .
VfL OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck is a German multi-sport club in OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck , Lower Saxony .
It is the larger of the two principal cities of the Gulfport-Biloxi , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula , Mississippi Combined Statistical Area .
Blangy-le-Château is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A statement attributed to Pierre-Simon Laplace expresses Euler 's influence on mathematics : '' Read Euler , read Euler , he is our teacher in all things , '' which has also been translated as '' Read Euler , read Euler , he is the master of us all . ''
When starting a program , it is loaded from the removable medium and decompressed into a RAM drive .
It contains over 600 species found naturally throughout Eurasia , Africa , and Australia .
Pleasanton is a city in Decatur County , Iowa , United States .
The city of Maracaibo , Venezuela is founded by Ambrosius Ehinger .
Although he required Robinson to keep the arrangement a secret for the time being , Rickey committed to formally signing Robinson before November 1 , 1945 .
These adaptations to an oxygen-rich environment might include high concentrations of protective enzymes .
This category is for surnames originated among Slavic peoples , i.e. , peoples who speak Slavic languages .
For most Roman Catholics , this practice is understood as fulfilling the observance of this commandment , as they understand these images are not being worshipped .
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Rodman Philbrick , Freak the Mighty , Scholastic Books , 1993 .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov -LRB- , ; born Garry Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 , Baku , Azerbaijan -RRB- is a Russian -LRB- formerly Soviet -RRB- chess grandmaster , a former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider the greatest chess player of all time .
He was back on the podium in Spain finishing third from fifth on the grid .
Among the company 's other breakthrough films as distributors in the late 1980s and early 1990s were Scandal , sex , lies , and videotape , Tie Me Up !
Hurricane Mitch was the most powerful hurricane of the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season , with maximum sustained winds of 180 mph -LRB- 285 km\/h -RRB- .
It was the first significant armed conflict of the Cold War .
Year 1787 -LRB- MDCCLXXXVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a common year starting on Friday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
You could see her there ev ` ry day ,
Charlotte and Branwell wrote Byronic stories about their country â '' Angria â '' and Emily and Anne wrote articles and poems about theirs â '' Gondal .
Consumer electronics include personal digital assistants -LRB- PDAs -RRB- , mp3 players , mobile phones , videogame consoles , digital cameras , DVD players , GPS receivers , and printers .
Spafford died on October 16 , 1888 , of malaria , and was buried in Mount Zion Cemetery , Jerusalem .
cityofbirth = Incheon
1On December 21 , 1991 , eleven of the former socialist republics declared in Alma-Ata -LRB- with the 12th republic -- Georgia -- attending as an observer -RRB- that with the formation of the Commonwealth of Independent States the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ceases to exist .
The National Library of China or NLC in Beijing is the largest library in Asia , and one of the largest in the world with a collection of over 23 million volumes .
February 13 & ndash ; Charles XI becomes king of Sweden upon the death of his father , Charles X Gustavus .
It received international sanction in 1906 , when it was adopted as an official period of the Paleozoic Era by the International Geological Congress .
Through the court , he met such important composers as vihuelist Luis de Narváez , known today for his advanced polyphonic fantasias , and Tomás de Santa María , theorist and composer whose important treatise on instrumental music , Arte de tañer fantasía , was examined and approved by Cabezón .
The shamisen or samisen , also called sangen is a three-stringed musical instrument played with a plectrum called a bachi .
On 4 November 1995 -LRB- 12th of Heshvan on the Hebrew Calendar -RRB- , Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir , a radical right-wing Orthodox Jew who opposed the signing of the Oslo Accords .
Since trampolining became an Olympic sport in 2000 , many more countries have started developing programs and Japan and China are already producing very competitive athletes .
The majority of the country 's infrastructure , including homes , irrigation systems , water supply systems , and schools , and nearly 100 % of the country 's electrical grid were destroyed .
It is one of only two Atlantic season without a storm of hurricane intensity -LRB- winds of 75 m or stronger -RRB- , the other being the 1907 season .
Ledyard Stebbins , 94 , Dies ; Applied Evolution to Plants .
It was the only time in American history when two women simultaneously acted as White House hostess .
He also provides artwork , production and mixing for both groups .
It currently lies in modern-day southeastern Turkey .
Sahasrara -LRB- -RRB- Crown Chakra -LRB- Top of the head ; ` Soft spot ' of a newborn -RRB-
Scholars believe that these gospels share the same point of view and are clearly linked .
In a recharging battery , or an electrolytic cell , the cathode is the negative terminal , which sends current back to the external generator .
Ireland joined the European Community -LRB- now the European Union -RRB- in 1973 .
Vampirates is a series of books by British author Justin Somper , about two twin children , Connor and Grace Tempest , who get separated at sea and are picked up by two very different ships .
Nobuyuki Zaizen -LRB- ; 19 born October 1976 -RRB- is a Japanese professional footballer who plays for Muangthong United in the Thai Premier League , as a midfielder .
On December 31 , 2007 , the FBI issued a press release online containing never before seen photos and fact sheets in an attempt to trigger memories or useful information regarding Cooper 's identity .
In February 1992 , following the band 's Pacific Rim tour , Cobain married Hole frontwoman Courtney Love in Hawaii .
As a young man , in 1626 , he received the patronage of Pope Urban VIII and worked on the embellishment of the Basilica for 50 years .
Warwickshire -LRB- or -RRB- is a landlocked non-metropolitan county in the West Midlands region of England .
Latin = septum nasi
Ernest Coombs was born in Lewiston , Maine , and pursued a career in children 's entertainment after attending North Yarmouth Academy in Yarmouth , Maine .
Claustrophobia is the fear of having no escape , and being closed in .
Pizieux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
When used without modifiers , sage generally refers to Salvia officinalis -LRB- '' common sage '' -RRB- ; however , it is used with modifiers to refer to any member of the genus .
A developer may specialize in a certain video game console , such as Sony 's PlayStation 3 , PSP , Microsoft 's Xbox 360 , Nintendo 's Wii , Nintendo DS , or may develop for a variety of systems , including personal computers .
Goodell is a city in Hancock County , Iowa , United States .
Early fossil tetrapods have been found in marine sediments , and because fossils of primitive tetrapods in general are found scattered all around the world , they must have spread by following the coastal lines -- they could not have lived in freshwater only .
-LRB- In southern Myanmar -RRB-
1259 & ndash ; Kings Louis IX of France and Henry III of England agree to the Treaty of Paris , in which Henry renounces his claims to French-controlled territory on continental Europe -LRB- including Normandy -RRB- in exchange for Louis withdrawing his support for English rebels .
In the UK , New Zealand , Australia and Canada , red poppies are worn to commemorate soldiers who have died in times of war .
Furthermore , a hearing impairment may exist in only one ear -LRB- unilateral -RRB- or in both ears -LRB- bilateral -RRB- .
As the consequence of this bad patch three previous coaches -LRB- Franco Fasciana , Del Valle Rojas and Bernardo Redín -RRB- had led the club before the arrival of Alí Cañas .
The line was targeted at the consumer and education markets , with lower specifications and prices than the PowerBook , Apple 's higher-end line of laptop computers .
In August 2002 Caliban recorded their third official release Shadow Hearts .
Tim Whitnall born 27 June 1961 , on Canvey Island , Essex , is a British actor , musician and writer who played Angelo in the long-running hit CITV series Mike and Angelo .
Notable taxa include the Pink-Spotted Hawkmoth , Agrius cingulata , being a very common and recognizable species , the death 's - head hawkmoths -LRB- Acherontia spp . -RRB-
Asia King Daru of Baekje succeeds to the throne of Baekje in the Korean peninsula .
After a few more raids across the Rhine , which resulted in the recovery of two of the three legions ' eagles lost in 9 CE , Tiberius ordered the Roman forces to halt and withdraw across the Rhine .
As characters become more developed , they gain various talents and skills , requiring the player to further define the abilities of that character .
He was born in Sagunto , Valencia , and almost completely lost his sight at the age of three after contracting diphtheria .
Physical Graffiti is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin . It is a double album which was released on 24 February 1975 .
Advanced technology is being integrated into toilets with more functions , especially in Japan -LRB- see Toilets in Japan -RRB- . The biggest maker of these toilets is TOTO .
Apna Dal was founded by Sone Lal Patel .
It is a large scoria volcano with two craters , which last erupted about one million years ago .
Publishers long gave an incorrect year for her birth date , which remained unknown until she finally gave her true age during a 2005 interview with the Detroit News .
Fish curses his bandmates for backstabbing and vows to start another band that will be ten times bigger than Vesuvius .
S. H. Kress & Co. was the trading name of a chain of '' five and dime '' retail department stores in the United States , which operated from 1896 to 1981 .
Gukansh , p. 252 ; Varley , Paul .
Usually , items that are not normally viewed as sexual .
Two processes , possibly acting together , can lead to air becoming saturated : cooling the air or adding water vapor to the air .
This is the origin of their name , as they are quite literally '' pasted '' onto the body part .
Skjaldbreiður , meaning the broad shield in Icelandic , is an Icelandic mountain from whose name the term '' shield volcano '' derives .
In 1983 , he obtained his German license , a year after he won the German Junior Kart Championship .
It took place simultaneously with the naval battle at Artemisium , in August or September 480 BC , at the pass of Thermopylae -LRB- ` The Hot Gates ' -RRB- .
Rozières-sur-Crise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
of the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
While producing John Lennon 's hit solo single '' Instant Karma ! ''
The '' Expert Hunter '' would double the amount of money the player could get from selling hides of animals .
The first , second , and third place finishers in each event receive gold , silver , and bronze medals , respectively .
The freeway , which runs north-south from the U.S.-Mexico border in California to Washington State , was constructed through Elysian Valley , displacing both residents and businesses .
The present incarnation of the position emerged with Canadian Confederation and the British North America Act in 1867 , which defined the viceregal office as the '' Governor General acting by and with the Advice of the Queen 's Privy Council for Canada . ''
Mario Alberto Kempes -LRB- born July 15 , 1954 in Bell Ville , Córdoba -RRB- is an Argentine former football striker .
Countries where major human rights violations have been reported in recent times include the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Sierra Leone , Liberia , Sudan , Zimbabwe , and CÃ te d'Ivoire .
They take over air traffic control systems , cutting off communication to the planes , and seize control of the airport , stating that they want to rescue Ramon Esperanza -LRB- Franco Nero -RRB- , a drug lord and dictator of a fictional South American country named Val Verde , who is flying in for a trial .
Another nickname is basureros -LRB- '' garbage or waste collectors '' -RRB- , acquired during the presidency of Mr. Venturino in the 1970s , who also managed the private company dealing with trash pickup in La Plata .
The words schism and schismatic have found their heaviest usage in the history of Christianity , to denote splits within a church or religious body .
Various symbols are used not just for frontal zones and other surface boundaries on weather maps , but also to depict the present weather at various locations on the weather map .
Lugnez is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
She married King Philip II of France on 28 April 1180 at Bapaume and brought as her dowry the county of Artois .
X provides the basic framework , or primitives , for building such GUI environments : drawing and moving windows on the screen and interacting with a mouse and/or keyboard .
Jerry Lamon Falwell , Sr. -LRB- August 11 , 1933 â '' May 15 , 2007 -RRB- was a Christian evangelical fundamentalist Southern Baptist pastor , televangelist , and a conservative commentator from the United States .
Curia in medieval and later Latin usage means '' court '' in the sense of '' royal court '' rather than '' court of law '' .
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta recorded over 5 inches -LRB- 130 mm -RRB- of rain on July 6 , its sixth-highest one-day rainfall since records began in 1878 ; most of the rain fell during just two hours -LRB- 8 â '' 10 p.m. EDT -RRB- .
Unlike most modern brooches , fibulae were not only decorative , they originally served a practical function : to fasten clothes , including cloaks .
W. A. Doble , The Tangential Water Wheel , Transactions of the American Institute of Mining Engineers , Vol .
Chavonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Orona , an island that was formerly called Hull Island
General classification -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB- Mountains Jersey -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB-
Branch predictors are crucial in today 's modern , superscalar processors for achieving high performance .
In March 1961 , at age 16 , du PrÃ made her formal dÃ but , at Wigmore Hall , London . She made her concerto dÃ but in 1962 at the Royal Festival Hall playing the Elgar Cello Concerto with the BBC Symphony Orchestra under Rudolf Schwarz .
As the flagship of local performing arts groups , the SCO has the patronage of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong .
The studio has had its greatest financial success with movies , specifically animated movies .
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodent that contains the pocket gophers -LRB- Geomyidae -RRB- , the kangaroo rats and mice -LRB- Heteromyidae -RRB- , and their fossil relatives .
This mixture is stirred slowly while cooling to prevent large ice crystals from forming ; the result is a smoothly textured ice cream .
The Maccabees are a rock band from London , England .
Reported on site Thursday , 22 , December , 2005 , 01:33 His results in both Friday testing and private test sessions , along with the words of BMW Sauber team principal Mario Theissen , led to speculation that he would become Poland 's first ever Formula One racing driver in .
After an early attempt at this song on 27 January 1969 during the Let It Be sessions , Lennon announced , '' Just heard that Yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the song , substituting '' I 'm free at last '' for a part of the lyric .
While life prospered in the oceans , the land was barren â '' with nothing more than a microbial ` crud ' known as soil crust covering the land .
In the Gregorian calendar , it will be the 2013th year of the Common Era , or of Anno Domini ; the 13th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 4th of the 2010s decade .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
Aperture synthesis is now also being applied to optical telescopes .
Hendrik Johannes Cruijff -LRB- ; born 25 April 1947 in Amsterdam , Netherlands -RRB- , known as Johan Cruyff , is a retired Dutch footballer and is currently the manager of the Catalan national team .
This trait makes gadolinium useful for magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- .
Kobe Bean Bryant -LRB- born -RRB- is an American professional basketball player who plays shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
The show followed three American actresses who auditioned for the role as '' Billie Jo '' in the Swedish soap opera Nya tider . The winner was Alexandra Sapot who came to play the villain '' Billie Jo '' .
Its melting point is used as a temperature reference point , and from its discovery in 1875 to the semiconductor era , its primary uses were in high-temperature thermometric applications and in preparation of metal alloys with unusual properties of stability , or ease of melting ; some being liquid at room temperature or below .
It is north of the city of Niagara Falls .
Formed after the demise of Ament and Gossard 's previous band , Mother Love Bone , Pearl Jam broke into the mainstream with its debut album , Ten .
Malabo at britannica.com .
This town only comprises the town of Ruiselede proper .
The ceremony was to take place on September 6 ; Guardasoni had been approached about the opera in June .
Index on Censorship -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Aplacophora
On the journey to visit Cardigan , however , Wilbur is hungry so he gets some grapes which make him look purple .
Degree -LRB- angle -RRB- , a unit of angle measurement
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
Gregory Kurtley van der Wiel -LRB- ; born 3 February 1988 in Amsterdam -RRB- is a Dutch international footballer who plays professionally for Ajax and the Netherlands national football team .
She won the Grand Prix Final earning 184.20 points , by a margin of 11.68 ahead over silver medalist Mao Asada .
As an official in post-independence 1960s Cameroon , Biya rose to prominence under President Ahmadou Ahidjo .
External links Richard Wagner - Das Rheingold .
The show toured around the United States and was co-sponsored by Steve Madden and L'Or éal .
It aims to describe everything that happens in nature .
Snails are distinguished by an anatomical process known as torsion , where the visceral mass of the animal rotates 180º to one side during development , such that the anus is situated more or less above the head .
He is Roman Catholic .
Jamie Anderson at Allmusic As of 2007 she had released nine full-length albums .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
Miocene to Recent
The institution had its origins in a meeting initiated by Dr Benjamin Golding in 1818 .
BVI measures where the weight and the fat are located on the body , rather than the total weight or total fat content .
Tomsk Polytechnic University , founded in 1900 is the oldest technical university in Siberia .
John IV , Duke of Brittany -LRB- d. 1345 -RRB-
This article is about the '' Circles '' -LRB- Kreise -RRB- of Germany .
The invention of the first European movable type printing process by Johannes Gutenberg , a device that fundamentally changed the circulation of information .
A center of Mannerist design was Antwerp during its 16th century boom . Through Antwerp , Renaissance and Mannerist styles were widely introduced in England , Germany , and northern and eastern Europe in general .
He achieved a reduction ratio of 160:1 .
This execution method has been used only in the United States and , for a period of several decades , -LSB- -RSB- Philippines : The Death Penalty : Criminality , Justice and Human Rights in the Philippines -LRB- its first use there in 1924 , last in 1976 -RRB- .
Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy , born , and generally known in English-speaking countries , as Felix MendelssohnThe overwhelming majority of printed sources in English -LRB- e.g. see sources mentioned in references , and listings of recordings at amazon.com and elsewhere -RRB- , use the form ` Mendelssohn ' and not ` Mendelssohn Bartholdy ' .
Childrenâ s games include Viti-Dandu -LRB- Gilli-danda in Hindi -RRB- and Pakada-pakadi -LRB- tag -RRB- .
30th Street Station is the main railroad station in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and one of the five stations in SEPTA 's Center City fare zone .
Convective rainbands can form parallel to terrain on its windward side , due to lee waves triggered by hills just upstream of the cloud 's formation .
Pico Rivera lies at the west , La Habra Heights to the east , La Habra to the southeast and Santa Fe Springs to the south .
June 16 & ndash ; Giovanni Boccaccio , Italian writer -LRB- d. 1375 -RRB-
His son , Jamie Redknapp , played under him at Bournemouth and at Southampton .
Although it never attained tropical storm status , the cyclone became better-organized , though when the depression moved into the Gulf of Mexico it was absorbed by a non-tropical system on September 30 .
If a pawn moves to its last rank , achieving promotion , the piece chosen is indicated after the move , for example e1Q or e1 = Q. Castling is indicated by the special notations 0 â '' 0 for kingside castling and 0 â '' 0 â '' 0 for queenside castling .
The present-day Mo ovce can be characterized as an important tourist area with many sights .
A molecule can have multiple chiral centers without being chiral overall if there is a symmetry between the two -LRB- or more -RRB- chiral centers themselves .
In 1914 Nordström introduced an additional space dimension to his theory , which simultaneously described gravity and electromagnetism .
Undertow is the debut full-length album by American progressive metal band Tool , released in 1993 .
The fourth generation Mondeo was launched in May 2007 , and is an even more upmarket effort than its predecessor , but most significantly it is even better value for money , with Ford being careful to ensure that each version of the new Mondeo is cheaper to buy than the equivalent version of the previous Mondeo .
Chromyl chloride is a chemical compound with the formula CrO2Cl2 .
The stadium is owned by Avaí .
Fontana Press , London , 1993 ISBN 978-0-00-686245-1 The Second International -LRB- 1888 -- 1916 -RRB- divided over the issue of the First World War .
This can be a result of tensile -LRB- pulling -RRB- forces , compressive -LRB- pushing -RRB- forces , shear , bending or torsion -LRB- twisting -RRB- .
For example , in '' Lost Our Lisa '' , she tricks Homer into allowing her to ride the bus alone , only to become hopelessly lost .
The laryngeal prominence -- commonly known as the Adam 's Apple -- is a feature of the human neck .
This template is often used on talk pages to show clearly that a section of discussion has been resolved , so that each editor does not have to re-read the section .
Within Australia , she is known for her controversial behavior and larrikin character as much as for her athletic ability .
Based on two passages in the Gospel of Luke , Gabriel foretold the births of both John the Baptist and Jesus .
Ecuador , Haiti , Ireland , Lithuania , the Philippines , Mexico and Uruguay attended the Olympic Games for the first time .
Aiseau-Presles is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
La Chapelle-Monthodon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
I 'm Breathless : Music from and Inspired by the film Dick Tracy is the second soundtrack album by American recording artist-songwriter , composer Madonna , released on May 22 , 1990 , by Sire Records .
Flora Jane Thompson -LRB- 5 December 1876 & ndash ; 21 May 1947 -RRB- was an English novelist and poet famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside , Lark Rise to Candleford .
1.1.1 October 28 , 2003 Improved stability and several user experience enhancements and much more user friendly .
Electoral district of Newcastle , an electoral district of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , also centred around the city
He also wrote , again with Graham Chapman , the 20 February 1977 episode of Doctor on the Go , a sequel to the Doctor in the House television comedy series .
Labroye is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
In 2002 , former Champ Car Champion Juan Pablo Montoya set pole position for the Formula One Grand Prix with a lap time of 1:12.836 .
It was discovered in 1975 , lost , and then rediscovered in 2000 .
He was the iconic figure of a generation of French players that won the 1998 World Cup and 2000 European Championship .
1971 & ndash ; The Indian Navy attacks the Pakistan Navy and Karachi .
One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
It was renamed in honor of Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve , father of Jacques Villeneuve , following his death in 1982 .
They began to import Hill 's Absinth -LRB- not a true Absinthe -RRB- from the Czech Republic , which encouraged a modern resurgence in absinthe 's popularity .
When he and his older sister were still young , the Pipers moved to Greenville , South Carolina , where he spent the rest of his youth and graduated from Wade Hampton High School .
While traveling , Hercules is attacked by a giant named Antaeus and with the help of Deianeira manages to kill him .
Hautes-Alpes -LRB- -RRB- is a department in southeastern France named after the Alps mountain range .
Edward VIII was born on 23 June 1894 , at White Lodge in Richmond , England .
A volcanologist is a person who studies the formation of volcanoes , and their current and historic eruptions .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
She persuades her younger brother Jamie to accompany her : he 's quiet , but most importantly , he has a secret stash of cash , which he 's accumulated by betting on and cheating at card games with his best friend , Bruce Lansing , who is in the same grade as Jamie .
It was directed by Jan de Bont .
He is quoted to have said '' Death with the sword in hand , is always preferable to execution by a mere stroke of the pen , prompting the Indian government to call him the '' Nizam 's Frankenstein monster '' .
Designed by Norman Foster , the turbine was intended to provide power for the stadium and nearby homes , but safety concerns about ice on the blades led to the proposal being dropped .
Located on the northwestern fringes of the Pacific Ring of Fire , the Philippines have experienced frequent seismic and volcanic activities .
This highball is often referred to as a Rum and Coke in the United States and Canada , where the lime juice is optional .
Nickname for an M79 grenade launcher
Bonham Carter signed to play author Enid Blyton in the BBC Four television biopic , Enid .
It is located 30 k north of TauragÄ -- .
Red Bank is an enclave ; its area is completely surrounded by that of Chattanooga .
July 1 The Colony of Victoria separates from New South Wales .
In 2004 , while pregnant with Deva , Bellucci posed nude for the Italian Vanity Fair Magazine in protest against Italian laws that prevent the use of donor sperm .
CÃ sar Augusto da Silva Lemos , usually called CÃ sar Maluco or just CÃ sar , -LRB- born 17 May 1945 , NiterÃ i -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer who was included in the 1974 FIFA World Cup squad of the Brazil national football team .
In a quantized gauge theory , gauge bosons are quanta of the gauge fields . Consequently , there are as many gauge bosons as there are generators of the gauge field .
Huetter is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
Both crew members were killed , but there were no passengers on board .
Natural Selection has driven the origination and diversification of the toxins to counter the defenses of their prey .
It is located about 250 km -LRB- 155 miles -RRB- from Havana , and has a population of 150,000 .
On Scar 's orders , the hyenas trap Simba in a narrow gorge during a dangerous stampede of wildebeest .
It is noted for its science fiction and fantasy titles .
She was tall and had a striking figure , brilliant beauty , powerfully expressive eyes , and solemn dignity of demeanor which enabled her to claim the character as her own .
This is proposed to be adaptation to the animal living in high levels of carbon dioxide due to poorly ventilated living spaces , which would cause acid to build up in their body tissues .
Wozzeck and Andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting .
He was the youngest member of England 's 1966 World Cup winning team and was made Man of the Match in the final following his performance .
Culture jamming , coined in 1984 , denotes a tactic used by many consumer social movements to disrupt or subvert mainstream cultural institutions , including corporate advertising .
Pitt is popularly recognized for its centerpiece building , the Cathedral of Learning at , the tallest educational building in the Western Hemisphere ; for its central role in developing the first polio vaccine ; and for fielding nationally competitive NCAA Division I athletic programs .
The degree of expansion divided by the change in temperature is called the material 's coefficient of thermal expansion and generally varies with temperature .
Tragedy -LRB- late 6th century BC -RRB- , comedy -LRB- 486 BC -RRB- , and the satyr play were the three dramatic genres to emerge there .
Czeisler et al at Harvard found the range for normal , healthy adults of all ages to be quite narrow : 24 hours and 11 minutes ± 16 minutes .
Energy can only be transferred by heat between objects , or areas within an object , with different temperatures , a consequence of the zeroth law of thermodynamics .
Although in wide use , ammonia is both caustic and hazardous .
This performance earned glowing praise from Ramos , who highlighted the Polish goalkeeper 's qualities and referred to him as a ` magnificent player ' .
During the last four decades , many more people from this district have gone abroad , especially to the United Kingdom , to earn their livelihood .
This broad definition would include newborns and other people who have not been exposed to theistic ideas .
When the other two police returned to camp , Constable McIntyre , at Ned 's direction , called on them to surrender .
This has been supported by Wilde who has pushed the date of the zircon crystals found in the metamorphosed quartzite of Mount Narryer in Western Australia , previously thought to be 4.1 -- 4.2 Ga , to 4.404 Ga. .
Though the original series was titled simply Star Trek , it has acquired the nickname Star Trek : The Original Series -LRB- ST : TOS or TOS -RRB- to make it differ from the spinoffs that followed , and from the Star Trek universe or franchise they take up .
This dispute originated in a disagreement over the production of his Giovanna d'Arco in 1845 ; however the composer later conducted his Requiem there on 25 May 1874 , and in 1886 announced that La Scala would host the premiere of his opera Otello .
Criticism of the bank , that the President is always a citizen of the United States , nominated by the President of the United States -LRB- though subject to the '' approval '' of the other member countries -RRB- .
The Sächsische Schweiz -LRB- -RRB- is a former district -LRB- Kreis -RRB- in the south of the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Following the conclusion of the 2005 MLS season , the franchise was officially put on hiatus in December of that year while the players , head coach Dominic Kinnear and some of his coaching staff were moved to Houston , Texas where they now play as the Houston Dynamo .
It is the seat of the Vilnius city municipality and of the Vilnius district municipality .
The textile and manufacturing sectors across Scotland suffered significant decline in the post-war period and in particular from the 1960s , in the face of greater foreign competition .
One purpose of the council was to resolve disagreements arising from within the Church of Alexandria over the nature of Jesus in relationship to God the Father ; in particular , whether Jesus was the literal son of God or was he a figurative son , like the other '' Sons of God '' in the Bible .
Gerald Ford was then campaigning for what would be his first of 13 terms as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives , and the wedding was delayed until shortly before the elections because , as The New York Times reported , '' Jerry was running for Congress and was n't sure how voters might feel about his marrying a divorced ex-dancer .
This number grew over time , and typical CPUs now have at least 512 KB , while more powerful CPUs come with 1 or 2 or even 4 , 6 , 8 or 12 MB , organized in multiple levels of a memory hierarchy .
When he returned to Paris in October 1871 , he was appointed assistant organist at Saint-Sulpice as accompanist to the choir , and became a regular at Saint-Saëns ' salon .
Maximiliano GastÃ n LÃ pez -LRB- born 3 April 1984 -RRB- is an Argentine football player who currently plays as a striker for Calcio Catania in the Italian Serie A. LÃ pez also holds Italian nationality .
Nick 's next-door neighbor is the wealthy and mysterious Jay Gatsby , who throws lavish parties hosting hundreds of people .
In 2005 , the Czech conductor , Ji í B lohlávek was named the orchestra 's 12th Chief Conductor , the first former BBC SO Principal Guest Conductor to become its Chief Conductor .
Sand was born in Paris but raised for much of her childhood by her grandmother , Marie Aurore de Saxe , Madame Dupin de Franceuil , at her grandmother 's estate , Nohant , in the French region of Berry -LRB- See House of George Sand -RRB- .
Pessac is located in the south of the Bordeaux metro area and is surrounded by Bordeaux , Talence , Gradignan , CanÃ jan , Cestas , Saint-Jean-d ` Illac et MÃ rignac .
Hiromu Shinozuka
It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism has a waxy coat around it that does not accept the Gram stain .
In August 2008 Kijiji re-branded their India site to Quikr.com .
Lu Xun -LRB- -RRB- or Lu Hsün -LRB- Wade-Giles -RRB- , was the pen name of Zhou Shuren -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- September 25 , 1881 & ndash ; October 19 , 1936 -RRB- is one of the major Chinese writers of the 20th century .
October 22 & ndash ; Ludovico Sforza becomes Duke of Milan , and starts a chain of events that leads to the First Italian War .
Baruch is not in the Protestant Bible or the Tanakh .
Also in 1823 , the Erie Canal aqueduct over the Genesee River was completed , and the Erie Canal east to the Hudson River was opened .
As the result of the electoral alliance , the Co-operative Party has not registered a logo with the electoral commission for use on ballot papers , as candidates use the more recognisable Labor Party '' rose '' logo .
As of 2000 the population is 140,415 .
Horatio Gates Spafford -LRB- October 20 , 1828 , Troy , New York - October 16 , 1888 , Jerusalem -RRB- Source of middle name and birth\/death information was a prominent American lawyer , best known for penning the Christian hymn It Is Well With My Soul , following a family tragedy in which four of his daughters died .
An impressive orator and successful lawyer , Cicero thought that his political career was his most important achievement .
Hafnium was the penultimate stable isotope element to be discovered -LRB- rhenium was identified two years later -RRB- .
Henan -LRB- -RRB- , is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the eastern central part of the country .
The word is sometimes rendered by its English translation '' service '' , may refer to an elaborate formal ritual such as the Eastern Orthodox Divine Liturgy and Roman Catholic Mass , or a daily activity such as the Muslim salatOxford Dictionary of World Religions , p. 582 & ndash ; 3 and Jewish services .
Thracian troops were known to accompany neighboring ruler Alexander the Great when he crossed the Hellespont which abuts Thrace , and took on the Persian Empire of the day .
The Central line is a London Underground line , colored red on the tube map .
Tao has two brothers living in Australia , who both represented Australia at the International Mathematical Olympiad .
The system lost its deep convection and by the afternoon of September 30 , Melissa degenerated into a remnant low as thunderstorm activity diminished .
He is the brother to Bridgette , Melissa , and Candace . His little sister Candace Cameron Bure is most notable for her role as D.J. Tanner on the popular television sitcom , Full House .
During 2003 and 2004 , FSF put substantial advocacy effort into responding to the lawsuit and quelling its negative impact on the adoption and promotion of free software .
In the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -LRB- North Korea -RRB- , '' Juche '' refers specifically to a political thesis of Kim Il-sung , the Juche Idea , that identifies the Korean masses as the masters of the country 's development .
The highest is Cross Fell in eastern Cumbria , at while other principal peaks include Mickle Fell , Whernside , Ingleborough , High Seat and Wild Boar Fell , both in Mallerstang , Pen-y-ghent , and Kinder Scout .
The language derives much of its syntax from C and C + + but has a simpler object model and fewer low-level facilities .
Småland borders Blekinge , Scania or Skåne , Halland , Västergötland , Östergötland and the island Öland in the Baltic Sea .
IAUC 8177 : Satellites of Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus 2003 August -LRB- naming the moon -RRB- Pasithee , better known as Aglaea , is the spouse of Hypnos -LRB- Sleep -RRB- and presides to hallucinations and hallucinogens .
Cory in the House is an American television series , which debuted January 12 , 2007 on Disney Channel , spin-off from That 's So Raven .
Through his often-suppressed writings , he helped to raise global awareness of the Gulag , the Soviet Union 's forced labor camp system â '' particularly in The Gulag Archipelago and One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich , two of his best-known works .
The influence of climate , season and soil on the composition of the essential oil is greater than the difference between the various species .
IP address is a number given to each computer on the internet .
Serving as Reichsführer and later as Commander of the Replacement -LRB- Home -RRB- Army and General Plenipotentiary for the entire Reich 's administration -LRB- Generalbevollmächtigter für die Verwaltung -RRB- , Himmler rose to become the second most powerful man in Nazi Germany .
For many airlines in the U.S. , the 737-800 replaced aging Boeing 727-200 trijets and MD-80 series and MD-90 aircraft .
The primary activity of both organisations in relation to ambulances , is the provision of covers at events as an extension of their first aid contract .
With the 2008 Concorde Agreement outlawing customer cars from onwards , Dietrich Mateschitz put the Toro Rosso team up for sale in March 2008 .
The western suburbs of Toronto grew up around it , and it is now a popular airport for Toronto-area pilots and has become a thriving airport .
Proceeds from The PEN\/O .
While in Japan , Paterson studied both Japanese and Chinese culture , which influenced much of her subsequent writing .
His belief in the paranormal springs from long experience , which began with the abduction of his sister , Samantha Mulder , by extraterrestrials when Mulder was 12 . His sister 's abduction is a driving force in Mulder 's career throughout most of the series .
Among the detainees were several former professional footballers including four former England internationals , Fred Spiksley , Fred Pentland , Samuel Wolstenholme and Steve Bloomer , a Scotland international , John Cameron , a German international Edwin Dutton and John Brearley , once of Everton and Tottenham Hotspur .
He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology , The Cell .
Nonetheless , he knew that the treaty , and in particular the issue of partition , would not be well received in Ireland .
Terminal illness is a medical term popularized in the 20th century to describe an active and malignant disease that can not be cured or adequately treated and that is reasonably expected to result in the death of the patient .
Olga 's friends and family generally called her simply Olga Nikolaevna or nicknamed her '' Olishka '' or '' Olya '' .
Beham is best known as a prolific printmaker , producing approximately 252 engravings , 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts , including woodcut book illustrations .
Year 1420 -LRB- MCDXX -RRB- was a leap year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Zipeg works under Mac OS X and Windows .
This move was widely criticised even during Strauss 's lifetime ; it is today regarded by some as having artificially prolonged the life of the then-bankrupt communist state .
On the other hand , even in an emergency situation some people still insist on maintaining their standards of modesty .
Pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the family of cue sports and games played on a pool table having six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play .
1843 & ndash ; Ernest Mason Satow , British diplomat -LRB- d. 1929 -RRB-
Activists ' goals are for an end to the legal status of '' corporate personhood '' and the dissolution of free market fundamentalism and the radical economic privatization measures of the World Bank , International Monetary Fund , and World Trade Organization .
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months , but on 4 February 1839 Gilbert went to the Swan River settlement .
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto a shore or beach of a sea or river by the action of winds , tides , waves or man .
-LRB- see the bottom of this page or List of CAF national football teams -RRB- .
1862 & ndash ; Damrong Rajanubhab , Thai prince and historian -LRB- d. 1943 -RRB-
Although some molds cause disease or food spoilage , others are useful for their role in biodegradation or in the production of various foods , beverages , antibiotics and enzymes .
The project began to see major contributions after 150,000 + articles in the original English Wikipedia and articles in each of seven other languages had been created .
A means of recording the motion of the mass relative to the frame , or the force needed to keep it from moving .
He is a near-legendary figure among chefs and gourmets , and was one of the most important leaders in the development of modern French cuisine .
For the 2009 -- 10 season the Chamois Niortais senior team plays in the Championnat de France Amateurs Group C , the fourth tier of the French football league system .
The first release was based on Red Hat Linux -LRB- version 5.1 -RRB- and K Desktop Environment 1 in July 1998 .
Personal control of Himmler Himmler , the leader of the SS , was a chief architect of the Final Solution .
7 seasons in La Liga
April Janet Pearson -LRB- born 23 January 1989 -RRB- is an English actress best known for her role as Michelle Richardson in the E4 teen drama series , Skins .
Events By Place Europe February 14 : First known mention of Lithuania , in the annals of the monastery of Quedlinburg .
59 rural communities and 27 estate districts from the surrounding districts of Niederbarnim , Osthavelland and Teltow ;
In 1647 , Locke was sent to the prestigious Westminster School in London under the sponsorship of Alexander Popham , a member of Parliament and former commander of the younger Locke 's father .
She was appointed by U.S. President Bill Clinton on December 5 , 1996 , and was unanimously confirmed by a U.S. Senate vote of 99-0 .
Their first recordings were three songs that appeared on a 1986 compilation album for C\/Z Records called Deep Six .
Oldtown is a city in Bonner County , Idaho , United States .
On January 16 , 2004 they recorded a solo performance at the Shibuya-AX , which was released on DVD as Tokyo Saihan - Judgment Day - .
Congress elects the President of FIFA , its General Secretary and the other members of FIFA 's Executive Committee .
The most recent English translation , by Royall Tyler -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , also tries to be faithful to the original text .
Pewter is 85 â '' 99 % tin ; Babbitt metal has a high percentage of tin as well .
Timothy Zachery Mosley -LRB- born March 10 , 1971 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Timbaland , is an American record producer , singer-songwriter , actor , musician and rapper .
Percy was portrayed by Logan Lerman in Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief , a film adaptation of the first book of the first series , released in February 2010 .
The official proper design for a game port-MIDI adapter can be found at this MIDI page .
His views were widely held in the East , and the consequence was the separation of the Assyrian Church of the East from the Byzantine Church .
Equipment and environment needed to prepare the dish
Genera and species in the flowering plant family Sapindaceae .
J. C. Penney Company , Inc. -LRB- ; most commonly known today by the name JCPenney or simply Penney 's -RRB- is a mid-range chain of American department stores based in Plano , Texas , a suburb north of Dallas .
November 9 & ndash ; Battle of Gamelsdorf : Louis the Bavarian defeats his cousin Frederick I of Austria .
-- -RRB-
Massively multiplayer online role-playing game -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- is a genre of computer role-playing games in which a very large number of players interact with one another within a virtual game world .
For smaller prey up to the size of a goat , their loosely articulated jaws , flexible skull , and expandable stomach allow it to swallow its prey whole .
or dimensions of the photosensor for digital cameras .
The two tribes took this to mean that they were merging , and Shii Ann Huang attempted to use this to her advantage by openly trying to ally herself with the former opposing tribe .
Jonson is buried in Westminster Abbey , with the inscription '' O Rare Ben Johnson '' -LRB- sic -RRB- set in the slab over his grave .
However , the principle is applied very broadly beyond bottles to paint and automobile parts such as tires .
From -RRB- is a viral neuroinvasive disease that causes acute encephalitis -LRB- inflammation of the brain -RRB- in warm-blooded animals .
Ownership has changed many times , past owners including the Scottish publisher A & C Black , Horace Everett Hooper , Sears Roebuck and William Benton .
In Slapstick , Vonnegut recounts that Alice 's husband died two days before Alice herself , and her family tried to hide the knowledge from her , but she found out when an ambulatory patient gave her a copy of the New York Daily News a day before she herself died .
With the end of the revolt , Zheng suffered a serious defeat .
Fozzie also has a cousin who appeared in the first season of The Muppet Show , also performed by Frank Oz .
The 2009 KCAs featured a new award called '' The Big Green Help Award '' -LRB- the award is colored in green to further the theme -RRB- which goes to the celebrity who goes above and beyond to help the environment .
Following the WWE Brand Extension in 2002 , Heat began being broadcast featuring matches and content from the Raw brand .
At the same time , the Impressionist movement , spearheaded by Claude Debussy , was being developed in France .
Here , domains act as modules , each with a particular and independent function , that can be mixed together to produce genes encoding new proteins with novel properties .
The film was received with praise from critics and was also well-received by audiences .
Nouakchott has a deep-sea port , opened in 1986 , primarily used for imports .
He manages to retrieve her necklace by tricking the pin vendor with '' Fatov , '' a phony mascot '' created '' in advance for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia ; the mascot is really Homer 's jowls , clipped by Bart from his driver 's license .
In 1356 , after it had passed and England was able to recover financially , Edward 's son and namesake , the Prince of Wales , known as the Black Prince , invaded France from Gascony , winning a great victory in the Battle of Poitiers , where the English archers repeated the tactics used at Crécy .
Friedrich Ebert -LRB- 4 February 1871 - 28 February 1925 -RRB- was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- .
Kevin Daniel Kilbane -LRB- ; born 1 February 1977 in Preston , Lancashire -RRB- is an English born Irish footballer who plays as a left-sided midfielder for Hull City in the Premier League .
Life Starts Now is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Three Days Grace .
Most IRC clients require commands to be preceded by a slash -LRB- '' \/O/ '' -RRB- .
Yuji Sugano -LRB- born April 14 , 1961 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He is also a recipient of the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism and a trustee of Economists for Peace and Security .
The VicuÃ a and Guanaco can be found living in the Altiplano , while the closely related domesticated Llama and Alpaca are widely kept by locals as pack animals and for their meat and wool .
Introduced by Jza84 using an image uploaded by Sam 1123 .
Palazzo Cofani-Brizzolari , with the Torre Faggiolana .
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio , -LRB- 29 September 1571 18 July 1610 -RRB- was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 .
Flowering can be induced in some biennials without vernalization by application of the plant hormone gibberellin , but this is rarely done commercially .
Another large educational establishment in Aylesbury is the Aylesbury Music Centre , which has its own premises adjoining Aylesbury High School .
This is a list of species in the genus Salvia , the sages and claries .
Government officials , who were looking for means to relocate the Dutch trading post , forced the Dutch to move from Hirado to Dejima .
... I 've asked various people , particularly Shuttle guys , that have been many orbits around China in the daytime , and the ones I 've talked to did n't see it . ''
There are old merchants ' mansions richly decorated with wood and stone carving in the historical center of Ulan-Ude , along the river banks which are exceptional examples of Russian classicism .
It lies roughly south of Manchester city centre and is bisected north south by Wilmslow Road and east west by the former Fallowfield Loop railway line , now a cycle path .
In 1844 , he attended the celebrations marking the completion of the cathedral , becoming the first king of Prussia to enter a Roman Catholic building .
Aulnois-sous-Laon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
A funeral prayer , or salat ul-janazah , is normally held for a deceased Muslim outdoors in a courtyard or square close to the mosque , with all congregants present , including the imam , participating .
This period saw one live album and accompanying video , Live at the Whisky -LRB-/O1992/O-RRB- and one studio album Freaks of Nature -LRB-/O1995/O-RRB- .
The first line opened to the public on 9 March 2004 , having cost Â # 200 million -LRB- Â # as of -RRB- to construct .
Ellington called his music '' American Music '' rather than jazz , and liked to describe those who impressed him as '' beyond category '' .
Sichuan pepper is one of the few spices important for Tibetan and Bhutanese cookery of the Himalayas , because few spices can be grown there .
When discussing Waluigi , Martinet stated that he would love to see a video game featuring Waluigi as its lead character , suggesting that the objective would be having to have Waluigi '' cheat to win '' .
May - August 2006 : Holocaust Museum Houston in Texas .
Irish is the language of conversation for teachers and pupils inside and near the school , and all pupils have a duty to speak Irish .
Sioux City : 36,830 ft \/O/ sOmaha : 39,100 ft \/O/ s Kansas City : 56,950 ft \/O/ s Boonville : 69,220 ft \/O/ s Hermann : 87,950 ft \/O/ s
He was Yun Bo-seon 's younger half-uncle , and politician and Independent Activitist Yun Chi-ho 's younger cousin . Yun Bo-seon is his second brother Yun Chi-So 's son .
He was also given ' and , which he '' really tried to read and put it down . ''
Namli Maira is a mountainous rural area located in Abbottabad District -LRB- -RRB- .
It lies on the coastal plain between Sompting to the west , Shoreham-by-Sea to the east and the parish of Coombes to the north .
A stone circle is a monument of standing stones arranged in a circle , dated to the period of the European Neolithic known as the '' Megalithic '' .
Some information on Wikipedia may create an unreasonable risk for readers who choose to apply or use the information in their own activities or to promote the information for use by third parties .
See Korean Demilitarized Zone , Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone , Ben Hai River , Hien Luong Bridge
Geisha remain as such until they retire .
In 1991 , he was Chairman of the OSCE .
An aftershock is a smaller earthquake that occurs after a previous large earthquake in the same area -LRB- the main shock -RRB- .
Albert Hofmann -LRB- January 11 , 1906 â '' April 29 , 2008 -RRB- was a Swiss scientist known best for being the first person to synthesize , ingest and learn of the psychedelic effects of lysergic acid diethylamide -LRB- LSD -RRB- .
It has also been referred to as the Central Park of Los Angeles , but it is much larger and with a much more untamed , rugged character .
At Vengeance , Melina dropped the Women 's Championship to Candice and failed to recapture the title at The Great American Bash .
The Sinhalese community forms the majority of the population ; Tamils , who are concentrated in the north and east of the island , form the largest ethnic minority .
Crash Bandicoot is a series of platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Activision currently after first being developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America .
The survivors must deal with two outcomes of the detonation of a nuclear bomb on the island in the 1970s .
Muzaffarabad district -LRB- Pahari : -RRB- of Azad Kashmir is located on the banks of the Jhelum and the Neelum rivers , and is very hilly .
Beyond the immediate concerns of colonial expansion addressed by the agreement , the signing of the Entente cordiale marked the end of almost a millennium of intermittent conflict between the two nations and their predecessor states , and the start of a peaceful co-existence that has continued to date .
For reference purposes , a particular permutation may be described by naming the positions where dots are raised , the positions being universally numbered 1 to 3 , from top to bottom , on the left , and 4 to 6 , from top to bottom , on the right .
The awarded poets are presented to the public during Fall .
It connects the Kurfürstliches Schloss with the Poppelsdorfer Schloss , a palace that was built as a resort to prince-electors in the first half of the 18th century , and whose grounds are now a botanical garden -LRB- the Botanischer Garten Bonn -RRB- .
In total , they won 426 games and lost 437 before disbanding , taking their lone pennant -LRB- and World Series -RRB- in 1887 .
He went on to take five second places and a fourth in 2004 and third in 2005 .
Brescia -LRB- Lombard : Brèsa -RRB- is a city in the region of Lombardy in northern Italy .
Negative pronouns indicate the non-existence of people or things .
Mello was born in New Haven , Connecticut on October 18 , 1960 .
Kolding is also the site of Designskolen Kolding , a university level design school .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Júbilo Iwata in the J. League .
He is the founder of MASS Movement and Action for Social Services - -LRB- -RRB- .
When reference is made to the unit kelvin -LRB- either a specific temperature or a temperature interval -RRB- , kelvin is always spelled with a lowercase k unless it is the first word in a sentence .
On August 17 , a hurricane warning was issued for the coastline from Corpus Christi to Morgan City , Louisiana , and later for Port Arthur , Texas southward .
The town is named after Saint Andrew the Apostle .
-LRB- 2000-01-28 -RRB- Super Mario Deluxe for Game Boy Color Review .
Aquarius is available in the following flavors : Carrot Orange , Citrus Blend , Grapefruit , Honey Lemon , Lemon , Orange , Watermelon and Coca-Cola .
NTU has multi-national programs and initiatives with institutions worldwide .
The box office income outside the United States was $ 13.3 million , with a worldwide total of $ 38.8 million , slightly less than the film 's $ 39 million budget , which does not include the promotion and advertising costs .
Rather , they plot each star on a graph measuring the star 's absolute magnitude or brightness against its temperature and colour .
The Council of Trent , delayed and interrupted several times because of political or religious disagreements , was a major reform council and the most impressive embodiment of the ideals of the Counter-Reformation .
November 10 & ndash ; Ibn Arabi , Andalusian Arab philosopher -LRB- b. 1165 -RRB-
Greendale is a city in Dearborn County , Indiana , United States .
The name Smilodon is a bahuvrihi from Greek : , smil , '' chisel '' and Greek -LRB- odoús -RRB- , '' tooth '' , Genitive : , odóntos .
He attended Sheen Mount primary school , and then went on to Emanuel School in London , from 1969 to 1973 .
Ta ucu , Turkey , since 1994
District Government Abbottabad It is located in the west of the district .
Year 1311 -LRB- MCCCXI -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
The Kingdom of Tungning -LRB- -RRB- is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng -LRB- Cheng -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- or the Kingdom of Yanping -LRB- -RRB- .
The cyclone killed 3 to 10 people and caused millions of dollars in damage in Brazil .
The Jazz Singer -LRB-/O1927/O-RRB- is an American musical film .
During the 1970s , he published eleven books of poetry , essays , and translations , celebrating the power of myth , Indian ecstatic poetry , meditation , and storytelling .
The British Commander-in-Chief in India -LRB- or Commander-in-Chief of India -RRB- was the chief military commander for the British administration in India and liaisoned with the civilian Governor-General of India .
Music The music to Beverly Hills Chihuahua was written by composer Heitor Pereira , who recorded the score with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Eastwood Scoring Stage at Warner Bros. . .
Trains on this route ran from Shek Kip Mei Station to Kwun Tong Station .
This article is about Paul Ehrlich -LRB- 14 March 1854 -- 20 August 1915 -RRB- , a German immunologist .
governor , to be replaced by his son , Stafford Smythe .
The altitude of Geneva is , and corresponds to the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton , two large rocks emerging from the lake which date from the last ice age .
Copper rich variety of compounds with oxidation states copper -LRB- I -RRB- and copper -LRB- II -RRB- , which are often called cuprous and cupric , respectively .
With a population of over 500,000 inhabitants and an economy based mainly on industry , Joinville has become the largest city in State of Santa Catarina .
Barber and Birnbaum serve as co-CEOs , while Jonathan Glickman serves as the current President of Production .
'' Neither '' here is assumed as meaning either an undescribed form of an alternate gender Spectrum -LRB- unrelated to the male-female one -RRB- or completely lacking a gender -LRB- not to be confused with asexuality -RRB- .
In Canada , the remnants of the storm combined with an extratropical storm produced strong winds and rainfall , damaging trees and power lines .
Georgi Ivanov Markov -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- 1 March 1929 -- 11 September 1978 -RRB- was a Bulgarian dissident writer .
Of these settlements above , South Yorkshire has three main urban areas : the Dearne Valley which covers Barnsley and surrounding area ; the Sheffield urban area which covers Sheffield , Rotherham and surrounding area ; and the Doncaster urban area which covers Doncaster and surrounding area .
Freetown is the capital and largest city of Sierra Leone , a country in West Africa .
On 8 January 1820 , the sheikh of Dubai and other sheikhs in the region signed the '' General Maritime Peace Treaty '' with the British government .
The district of Lugano -LRB- also called Luganese -RRB- is a district of Canton Ticino , Switzerland .
It was designed by the distinguished architects van Heyningen and Haward , and all open platforms have step-free access to the street and each other .
It has a population of almost 30 million and area of about 34,513 km A profile of Rajshahi Division .
The channel is on-air from 19:00 to around 04:00 each night , in order to share terrestrial television bandwidth with the CBBC Channel .
Naomi -LRB- porn star -RRB- , American pornographic actress
John does not tell Sally he is driving towards B. Sally can not tell where John will be in one hour , since she does not know the direction .
With no other methods of rescue available , the President is reminded of the existence of a top-secret military space shuttle .
The Norwegian Refugee Council -LRB- NRC -RRB- -LRB- Norwegian : Flyktninghjelpen -RRB- is an independent , humanitarian non-governmental organisation which provides assistance , protection and durable solutions to refugees , internally displaced persons , and returnees worldwide .
Domestic airports are Lucknow , GorakhpurAgra , Kanpur Allahabad and Varanasi .
It might also be described as light purple .
Barilla S.p.A. -LRB- Barilla G. e R. Fratelli SocietÃ per Azioni -RRB- is a major Italian and European food company founded in 1877 in Parma , Italy by Pietro Barilla . The company is privately held , and remains in the fourth generation of Barilla family ownership and control through three brothers , Chairman Guido Barilla and Vice Chairmen Luca and Paolo Barilla .
A graduate of the Southampton Academy where he made his debut in 1998 , he has also had spells with Chelsea and Fulham during his Premiership career .
His publishing firm also released three anti-Semitic books for children , including the 1938 Der Giftpilz -LRB- '' The Toadstool '' or '' The Poison-Mushroom '' -RRB- , one of the most widespread pieces of propaganda , which purported to warn about insidious dangers Jews posed by using the metaphor of an attractive yet deadly mushroom .
Its southern portion known as Salento , a peninsula , forms a high heel on the '' boot '' of Italy .
The film chronicles the relationship and lack of communication between a mother and daughter during the Cuban economic crisis known as the Special Period .
It is the oldest of the three Royal Boroughs in England , the others are Kensington and Chelsea , also in London , and Windsor and Maidenhead .
With the change in climate , the remaining lake began drying up , leaving Great Salt Lake , Utah Lake , Sevier Lake , & Rush Lake as remnants .
The municipality of Drammen was established on 1 January 1838 -LRB- see formannskapsdistrikt -RRB- .
Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Thus , a changing electric field generates a magnetic field ; conversely a changing magnetic field generates an electric field .
He married Elena Stuven Olmos , and they had 4 children : Carmela , Recaredo , Teresa and Enrique .
Haydn died at the end of May in 1809 , shortly after an attack on Vienna by the French army under Napoleon .
Mortefontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In the United Kingdom , during World War I , King George V changed the house 's name from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to the currently serving House of Windsor in 1917 .
Its two business areas are DB Schenker Rail -LRB- formerly Railion -RRB- and DB Schenker Logistics .
Ely , Cambridgeshire , a cathedral city in Cambridgeshire , England
Despite having a large fan base , they had been one of the least competitive teams in the sport , due to a relatively restricted budget .
If one partition is corrupted , none of the other file systems are affected , and the drive 's data may still be salvageable .
Astronomers thing it was created when things in the Kuiper belt were '' scattered '' by the gravity of the outer planets , mainly Neptune .
LÃ zaro CÃ rdenas del RÃ o -LRB- May 21 , 1895 - October 19 , 1970 -RRB- was President of Mexico from 1934 to 1940 .
Radiometric dating -LRB- often called radioactive dating -RRB- is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
The Princess Beatrice -LRB- Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore ; later Princess Henry of Battenberg ; 14 April 1857 -- 26 October 1944 -RRB- was a member of the British Royal Family .
The 50s decade ran from January 1 , 50 , to December 31 , 59 .
Harvey is a city in Marion County , Iowa , United States .
Deitingen is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Wilmersdorf is an inner city locality of Berlin , formerly a borough by itself but since Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform a part of the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf .
Method : Only counts visits to local sites in 23 European countries and then averages the percentages for those 23 European countries independent of population size .
Embryos of vertebrates have notochords today , as embryonic development often follows a pattern similar to the ancestral evolution of the modern animal 's traits .
Addiscombe is a district of south London , England , located in the London Borough of Croydon .
It also incorporated certain aspects of regulated trade in goods and services between the parties under a contractual relationship formed upon duress , and based upon the potential for threats if specific performance did not occur .
The Plume edition is an authorized reprint of a hardcover edition published by Harcourt , Inc. .
536 & ndash ; Byzantine General Belisarius enters Rome while the Ostrogothic garrison peacefully leaves the city , returning the old capital to its empire .
Igor Cvitanovi -LRB- born November 1 , 1970 in Osijek -RRB- is a retired Croatian football striker .
According to various Indian schools of philosophy , a tattva is an element or aspect of reality conceived as an aspect of deity .
'' Botany : Introduction '' in The Evolutionary Synthesis : Perspectives on the Unification of Biology , Ernst Mayr and William Provine , editors .
He also briefly served in the Ukrainian People 's Army .
For prose literacy , for example , a below basic level of literacy means that a person can look at a short piece of text to get a small piece of uncomplicated information , while a person who is below basic in quantitative literacy would be able to do simple addition .
The Solms castle has one of the largest private libraries in Europe , with over 120,000 titles .
The Indo-Aryan languages -LRB- within the context of Indo-European studies also Indic -RRB- constitutes a branch of the Indo-Iranian languages , itself a branch of the Indo-European language family .
One person was killed and numerous communities suffered damage of varying degrees from central Mississippi to Pennsylvania , with Georgia the hardest hit .
Dumbrava Ro ie
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus -LRB- October 28 , 1466 â '' July 12 , 1536 -RRB- , sometimes known as Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam , was a Dutch Renaissance humanist , Catholic priest , and a theologian .
It was first released under the moniker Aphex Twin , later changed to AFX .
Two Prudential Plaza is a super-tall skyscraper that was built in the Loop area of Chicago , Illinois , United States in 1990 .
Little of Jesus ' childhood is recorded in the canonical Gospels , however infancy Gospels were popular in antiquity .
However the people of the largest group in the districts of Haripur , Abbottabad and Mansehra are sometimes recognised collectively as Hazarawal , named after the defunct Hazara Division that comprised these districts .
Tostock is a small village around eight miles east of Bury St. Edmunds in the county of Suffolk . It is a very traditional Suffolk village , with a good example of a fourteenth century church .
Dromornis stirtoni was three metres -LRB- 10 feet -RRB- tall and weighed half a ton -LRB- 500 kilos -RRB- .
CourtemaÃ che is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
-LRB- 1981 ; Penguin , 1987 -RRB- ISBN 0140108661
In 1882 , Vogel became the Director at the Astrophysical Observatory Potsdam .
Ribemont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Over the span of three years more than 16,000 solar home systems have been financed through 2,000 bank branches , particularly in rural areas of South India where the electricity grid does not yet extend .
To have them deleted entirely , add the tag to the top of each page , and an admin will be along shortly to delete the page for you .
Along with WrestleMania , Royal Rumble and Survivor Series , the event is one of the '' Big Four '' pay-per-views and was one of the original four annual WWE pay-per-views .
This list is complied each year by the World Conservation Union .
Upon his reelection in 1997 , President KonarÃ pushed through political and economic reforms and fought corruption .
The band consists of vocalist Anthony Green , former singer of Saosin and members of the now-defunct This Day Forward .
Modern age In 1512 , during the War of the League of Cambrai , the city was sacked by Spanish troops assembled by Pope Julius II and emperor Charles V to recover the nearby city of Florence for the Medici family .
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
Most types of bacteria can not change to the endospore form , but examples include Bacillus and Clostridium .
It is published by The Herald and Weekly Times , a subsidiary of News Limited , itself a subsidiary of News Corporation .
The twentieth animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film is based on a story by Tom McGowan and Tom Rowe , and revolves around a family of aristocratic cats , and how an alley cat acquaintance helps them after a butler has kidnapped them to gain his mistress ' fortune which was meant to go to them .
The show takes its name from the 1950s United States working-class youth subculture known as the greasers .
Strength training differs from bodybuilding , weightlifting , powerlifting , and strongman , which are sports rather than forms of exercise , although training for them is inherently interconnected with strength training , as it is for shotput , discus , and Highland games .
John Stanley Miszuk -LRB- born September 29 , 1940 -RRB- -RRB- is a retired American professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for the Detroit Red Wings , Chicago Black Hawks , Philadelphia Flyers and Minnesota North Stars .
From 11 April 1689 â '' when the Estates of Scotland recognized them as Sovereignsâ '' the royal couple used the style '' William and Mary , by the Grace of God , King and Queen of England , Scotland , France and Ireland , Defenders of the Faith , etc. '' .
The remaining copies of the EP were sent to the first members of Linkin Park 's newly-formed street team .
Melissa Lou Etheridge -LRB- born May 29 , 1961 -RRB- is an American rock singer-songwriter and musician .
Located in northeastern Kansas , it is also the fifth most populous city in the state , with a population of 125,872 at the 2010 census .
A third series began airing in the UK on 10 January 2010 .
This type of bunker is a small concrete structure , partly dug into the ground , which is usually a part of a trench system .
Famous products of stonemasonry include the Taj Mahal , Cusco 's Incan Wall , Easter Island 's statues , the Egyptian Pyramids , Angkor Wat , Tihuanaco , Tenochtitlan the Iranian Persepolis , the Greek Parthenon , Stonehenge , and Chartres Cathedral .
Duodenum -LRB- called duodenal ulcer -RRB-
To the sides of the center laurels spread around the helmet .
Regardless of form , G and H for linear block codes must satisfy
These have included a great many of the world 's best known conductors , including Richard Strauss , Arturo Toscanini , Hans Knappertsbusch , Wilhelm Furtwängler , John Barbirolli , Carlo Maria Giulini , Georg Solti , Erich Kleiber , James Levine , Zubin Mehta , Carlos Kleiber , Claudio Abbado , Riccardo Muti , Nikolaus Harnoncourt , Pierre Boulez , Lorin Maazel , Mariss Jansons , Daniel Barenboim and Valery Gergiev .
It was not long before improvements in chip manufacturing allowed for even more circuitry to be placed on the die , and designers started looking for ways to use it .
The governor of Cordoba , Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi , is killed during the battle .
The metal 's Quenya name is mistarille .
Gerhard Ertl -LRB- born 10 October 1936 -RRB- is a German physicist and a Professor emeritus at the Department of Physical Chemistry , Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft in Berlin , Germany .
Asclepias incarnata
December 5 & ndash ; George Armstrong Custer , American cavalry officer -LRB- d. 1876 -RRB-
At WWE 's November Survivor Series PPV event , Cena returned to the WWE after a legitimate neck injury and defeated Jericho to win the championship .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive -LRB- administrative -RRB- and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
Small amounts of hydrogen sulfide occur in crude petroleum , but natural gas can contain up to 90 % .
The Tang Dynasty , Minnesota State University Emuseum The Tang Dynasty at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Home of 300 Tang Poems , University of Virginia Tang art with video commentary , from the Minneapolis Institute of Arts The Tang Dynasty at AsianSpiritGallery .
In A General Historie of the Robberies and Murders of the Most Notorious Pyrates , it was reported that he had lit matches woven into his enormous black beard during battle to intimidate his enemies .
The Netherlands Personal union with England , Scotland and Ireland from 1689 to 1702 , with the stadtholder of most of the provinces of the Netherlands also serving as King of England , Scotland and Ireland .
The name Ithaca designates two governmental entities in the area , the Town of Ithaca and the City of Ithaca .
Most tellingly , von Meck asked Tchaikovsky , in her final letter , not to forget her .
It is located in the capital city , Bucharest .
The Association pour la taxation des transactions financières pour l'aide aux citoyens -LRB- Association for the Taxation of Financial Transactions for the Aid of Citizens , ATTAC -RRB- is an activist organization for the establishment of a tax on foreign exchange transactions .
Bleach is the debut album by the American grunge band Nirvana .
'' The Landscape of Parallel Computing Research : A View from Berkeley '' -LRB- PDF -RRB- .
About a quarter of the people work in the agricultural sector .
The first eight sub-keys are extracted directly from the key , with K1 from the first round being the lower sixteen bits ; further groups of eight keys are created by rotating the main key left 25 bits between each group of eight .
At any one time at the end of a stitch , there is only one loop left on the hook .
The CDC does not recommend the use of condoms between long-term monogamous discordant couples -LRB- where one partner is positive and the other is negative -RRB- .
Sir Richard Timothy '' Tim '' Hunt , FRS -LRB- born 19 February , 1943 in Neston , Cheshire -RRB- is an English biochemist .
He was aided by the support of the Bavarian People 's Party -LRB- BVP -RRB- , which switched its support from Marx , and the refusal of the Communist Party of Germany -LRB- KPD -RRB- to withdraw its candidate , Ernst ThÃ lmann .
h = teu55 fu55
Biography Early life Catherine Howard was the fourth child of Lord Edmund Howard and Joyce Culpeper .
Sizes 000 to 20 are most common .
It is separated from the island of Molokai by the Kalohi Channel to the north , and from Maui by the Auau Channel to the east .
The ukulele -LRB- , from ; variantly spelled ukelele in the UK -RRB- , sometimes abbreviated as the uke , is a chordophone classified as a plucked lute ; it is a subset of the guitar family of instruments , generally with four nylon or gut strings or four courses of strings .
Thompson set a new record by winning his fourth Vezina Trophy , which was his last victory . He was also named to the First All-Star team for the second time .
When Maxwell derives the electromagnetic wave equation in his 1865 paper , he uses equation D to cater for electromagnetic induction rather than Faraday 's law of induction which is used in modern textbooks .
Cameron University & ndash ; Lawton , Oklahoma
The MacropÃ dia was introduced in the 15th edition -LRB- 1974 -RRB- with 19 volumes having 4,207 articles .
For the language , see M ori language .
It is suggested that articles be simplified using only the 1000 most common and basic words in English and fewer complex grammatical structures &#8212; such as shorter sentences &#8212; or to conform to a certain skill level in one of the standard indices .
A small and disorganized depression , it tracked northwest , and due to unfavorable conditions it remained below tropical storm intensity .
It was once thought that bees had two distinct recruitment dances â '' round dances and waggle dances â '' the former for indicating nearby targets and the latter for indicating distant targets , but it is now known that a round dance is simply a waggle dance with a very short waggle run -LRB- see below -RRB- .
Strasbourg becomes an Imperial Free City of the Holy Roman Empire .
In particular , a number expressed in the binary numeral system is odd if its last digit is 1 and even if its last digit is 0 .
Shortly after the marriage , the oldest of Neeltje 's daughters had a child of her own , and so at only 23 years old Dorus became known as Opa in Den Helder where he lived .
The most extreme can attain wind speeds of more than 300 mph -LRB- 480 km\/h -RRB- , stretch more than two miles -LRB- 3 km -RRB- across , and stay on the ground for dozens of miles -LRB- more than 100 km -RRB- .
Roupy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hence , this technique was proved to be inadequate to save the CPU time from waiting for the off-chip data .
Caló -LRB- originally Zincaló -RRB- or Spanish Romani is a dialect spoken by the Spanish Romanies Gitanos or Zincarli -LRB- also calés , '' dark ones '' -RRB- originating from Spain : Caló blends native Romani vocabulary with Spanish grammar , Ethnologue as Spanish Romanies lost the full use of their ancestral language .
When operating over UDP , the client sends a -LRB- typically empty -RRB- datagram to UDP port 37 .
Dachshunds may not be the best pets for small children . Like any dog , dachshunds need a proper introduction at a young age .
His father was an aircraft parts inspector , and his mother was an employee of a telephone company .
Three years later , in South Africa during the Second Boer War , Baden-Powell was besieged in the small town of Mafeking by a much larger Boer army -LRB- the Siege of Mafeking -RRB- .
The projection maps meridians to equally spaced vertical straight lines , and circles of latitude to evenly spread horizontal straight lines .
When the Northern Territory separated from South Australia , it retained Central Standard Time ; likewise , when the Australian Capital Territory was created , it retained Eastern Standard Time .
Qulpa becomes Khan of the Blue Horde after the death of Berdi Beg .
Even without the use of the Checkuser tool , or with a result of '' unrelated '' , an account that makes the same edits as a different blocked account , has the same linguistic peculiarities and the same general interests may remain blocked under the '' quacks like a duck '' test .
In 2009 , for the first time , also music by Josef Haydn was played -LRB- 4th movement of the '' Farewell '' Symphony ; this was a homage to the composer -- the 200th anniversary of Haydn 's death is celebrated in that year -RRB- .
Web browsers employ a built-in web cache , but some internet service providers or organizations also use a caching proxy server , which is a web cache that is shared among all users of that network .
Well known RISC families include DEC Alpha , AMD 29k , ARC , ARM , Atmel AVR , MIPS , PA-RISC , Power -LRB- including PowerPC -RRB- , SuperH , and SPARC .
Many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing articles .
The humanities are academic disciplines which study the human condition , using methods that are primarily analytic , critical , or speculative , as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural and social sciences .
One candidate met with success , Alfred Waterson , who became a Member of Parliament for the Kettering seat .
It is also useful to describe those countries whose monarchs are called something other than '' king '' or '' queen '' ; for example , the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is a realm but not a kingdom since its monarch holds the title Grand Duke rather than King .
Some poorly implemented game ports -LRB- usually built-in on old motherboards and I\/O cards -RRB- did n't fully support either 4 axes or 4 buttons , making only the use of a single 2-axis and 2-button joystick possible .
In older context , '' prefecture '' and '' district '' are alternative terms to refer to xiÃ n before the establishment of the Republic of China .
Ear piercing - The most common type of body modification
Calcio Padova is an Italian football club , based in Padua , Veneto .
The city of MeroÃ '' was on the edge of Butana and there were two other Meroitic cities in Butana , Musawwarat es-Sufra , and Naqa .
Zub is in the employ of Emperor Zub of the Zub galactic empire who has been tasked with retrieving the Green Eye of Zub .
Ballarat -LRB- -RRB- Retrieved on 19 November 2007 is city in the state of Victoria , Australia located at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range approximately north-west of the state capital Melbourne .
It is soluble in water , and the solution dissolves many metals -LRB- e.g. zinc , iron -RRB- with liberation of hydrogen and formation of salts -LRB- azides , formerly also called azoimides or hydrazoates -RRB- .
Don Carlos is a five-act Grand Opera composed by Giuseppe Verdi to a French language libretto by Camille du Locle and Joseph MÃ ry , based on the dramatic play Don Carlos , Infant von Spanien -LRB- '' Don Carlos , Infante of Spain '' -RRB- by Friedrich Schiller .
Bill Bowerman was born in Portland , Oregon .
Her father taught her chess when she was nine and , in the year of her arrival in England at the age of fifteen , she won the British girls ' championship .
On the north side of Mediapolis is the Mediapolis Community School , an elementary , middle , and high school serving Mediapolis and a large rural area around Mediapolis .
Thomas Paine -LRB- June 8 , 1809 -RRB- was an author , pamphleteer , radical , inventor , intellectual , revolutionary , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Since the discovery of the Kuiper belt , the outermost parts of the Solar System are considered a distinct region consisting of the objects beyond Neptune .
Aaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album , One in a Million ; it sold 3.7 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide .
The company became one of the leaders of the independent film boom of the 1990s .
Flora worked in various post offices in southern England .
Five singles were released from the album : '' Wannabe '' , '' Say You 'll Be There '' , '' 2 Become 1 '' , '' Who Do You Think You Are '' and '' Mama '' ; '' Who Do You Think You Are '' and '' Mama '' were released as a double A-side in the United Kingdom , Ireland and other countries .
Although the Stone is now kept in Scotland , in Edinburgh Castle , at future coronations it is intended that the Stone will be returned briefly to St Edward 's Chair for the moment of coronation .
Yosuke Nozawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Shonan Bellmare .
Please see the for licensing information .
Reserved code elements are codes which have recently become obsolete , or are in use for some applications in conjunction with the official ISO 3166-1 codes .
Litters normally consist of 2 to 3 pups , but females may have up to 6 pups in a single litter .
It can involve such subjects as magic -LRB- alternatively spelled and defined as magick -RRB- , alchemy , extra-sensory perception , astrology , spiritualism and numerology .
Current status and distribution Many members of Afrotheria appear to be at high risk of extinction ; if the grouping is accurate , this would result in a particularly devastating loss of genetic and evolutionary diversity .
It occurs when the Sun is transitting the celestial meridian .
La Malmaison is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is the only glycogen storage disease with a defect in lysosomal metabolism , and the first glycogen storage disease to be identified , in 1932 .
Marconnelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Like other organs of the lymphatic system , some believe them to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections , but there is no conclusive evidence to that effect .
That Council of Chalcedon is one of the First seven Ecumenical Councils accepted by Eastern Orthodox , Catholic , and many Protestant Christian churches .
The banks then let people and and companies borrow the money .
Usually referred to as the dark page .
One billion to two billion years in the future , the steady increase in solar radiation caused by the helium build-up at the core of the Sun will result in the loss of the oceans and the cessation of continental drift .
In a chance encounter , the policeman who Thomas has had constant run-ins with sings a song to his baby daughter , the same song that Penny invented to sing to her son .
The current principal is B J Bentley .
Also debuting that day was Survivor Live , an hour-long Internet talk show hosted by the original Sole Survivor Richard Hatch and Entertainment Tonight correspondent Chris Booker .
Olfaction -LRB- also known as olfactics ; adjectival form : '' olfactory '' -RRB- is the sense of smell .
Island Records is a record label that was founded by Chris Blackwell in Jamaica .
Diffusion flux , the rate of movement of molecules across a unit area -LRB- mol m 2 s 1 -RRB- .
The support scheme was established in 1989 .
Marshall is well-known for proving that bacteria Helicobacter pylori are the cause of most stomach ulcers , reversing decades of medical doctrine which held that ulcers were caused by stress , spicy foods , and too much acid .
TrÃ gastel is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department of the region of Brittany in north-western France .
An example of the union of mental and physical discipline is the breaking of boards , which requires both physical mastery of the technique and the concentration to focus one 's strength .
Al-Wahda -LRB- -RRB- is a football club based in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates .
Hurricane Nicole never directly affected land and no damage was reported in association with it .
This led to a theory of unity between subatomic particles and electromagnetic waves called wave -- particle duality in which particles and waves were neither one nor the other , but had certain properties of both .
The independent Republic of Czechoslovakia was formed in 1918 , following the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian empire after World War I/O. After the Munich Agreement , Polish and German occupation of Czechoslovakia and the consequent disillusion with the Western response and gratitude for the liberation of the major portion of Czechoslovakia by the Red Army , the Communist party won plurality -LRB- 38 % -RRB- Libri .
In this position he struggled to preserve the industrial base of the state , which was based on steel production and coal mining with subsidies , and served as President of the Bundesrat in 1992\/93 .
'' Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' is the first episode of the animated television series South Park .
The domain was subsequently registered on January 16 through domain registrar Variomedia , and the current registrant tried to auction the right to use the domain .
Frankfurt am Main -LRB- , -RRB- , commonly known simply as Frankfurt , is the largest city in the German state of Hesse and the fifth-largest city in Germany , with a 2009 population of 672,000 .
The DVD features a behind-the-scenes documentary entitled '' La Evolución Latina de Beyoncé -LRB- Beyoncé 's Latin Evolution -RRB- '' , as well as the music video for Beyoncé 's '' Get Me Bodied '' -LRB- Timbaland remix -RRB- featuring Voltio .
Bod -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in Romania in Bra ov County with 4085 inhabitants -LRB- 1966 census -RRB- .
Lilo & Stitch was released on VHS and DVD December 3 , 2002 .
Emperor Ping of Han marries Empress Wang -LRB- Ping -RRB- , daughter of Wang Mang , cementing his influence .
All of these waves , from the lowest-frequency radio waves to the highest-frequency gamma rays , are fundamentally the same , and they are all called electromagnetic radiation .
In computer networks , a proxy server is a server -LRB- a computer system or an application program -RRB- that acts as a go-between for requests from clients seeking resources from other servers .
Hans and his group secure the party goers as hostages , but McClane manages to slip into the stairwell of the building .
Disinfection did not become widely practiced until British surgeon Joseph Lister ` discovered ' antiseptics in 1865 in light of the work of Louis Pasteur .
The Giro was inspired by the Tour de France .
It is used in soups and stews , and in barley bread of various cultures , from Scotland to Africa .
The success of this marketing led to further development of the genre , including new teen idols such as Zac Efron , Miley Cyrus , The Jonas Brothers , Ashley Tisdale , Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez .
Single-Day Races and Classics
Discogs , short for discographies , is a website and database of information about audio recordings , including commercial releases , promotional releases , and bootleg or off-label releases .
The playing pieces are moved according to the roll of dice , and players win by removing all of their pieces from the board .
Theriodonts appeared almost the same time as the anomodonts , about 265 million years ago , in the Middle Permian .
Sibiu -LRB- ; -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in the historical region Transylvania , with the capital city Sibiu .
In computer science , data validation is the process of ensuring that a program operates on clean , correct and useful data .
Time magazine 13 September 1976 Der Spiegel scandal Strauss was forced to step down as defence minister in 1962 in the wake of the Spiegel scandal .
Reading , Pennsylvania and Reading , Massachusetts are both named after Reading .
Henry Spencer Moore OM CH FBA -LRB- 30 July 1898 â '' 31 August 1986 -RRB- was an English sculptor and artist .
They found one in Yume Kojo : Doki Doki Panic -LRB- Dream Factory : Heart-Pounding Panic -RRB- , another Nintendo game developed by Miyamoto , which he had actually spent more time developing than The Lost Levels , which was released as Super Mario Bros. 2 in North America and Europe and later as Super Mario Bros. .
Richard Kieckhefer -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- .
Shinobu Ikeda -LRB- born January 5 , 1962 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
Wölflinswil is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Her first novel was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Children of Bodom is a heavy metal band from Espoo , Finland , formed in 1993 .
The rapid weakening was from shearing , decaying eyewall and especially upwelled waters from the previous powerful storm , Hurricane Luis .
Hillary Diane Rodham was born at Edgewater Hospital in Chicago , Illinois .
Agents that act on the nervous system can paralyze in seconds or less , and include both biologically derived neurotoxins and so-called nerve gases , which may be synthesized for warfare or industry .
In July 2008 in Berlin , a 19-year old Russian mathematics student Nikolai Sazhin won the '' World Champion '' title in chess boxing by defeating Frank Stoldt .
This is why the head of a splitting maul has a much wider angle than that of an axe .
Bombylius major can be found in April to June throughout temperate Europe and North America and some parts of Asia .
Ashe County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Year 1450 -LRB- MCDL -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
For more information on fortification , see Cheolli Jangseong -LRB- ì ë ì ì -RRB- .
Movia trains are on order for the London Underground -LRB- designated S Stock -RRB- , Toronto Subway -LRB- designated Toronto Rocket -RRB- , and Delhi Metro .
this is what the Lord , the God of Israel , says : ` The jar of flour will not be used up and the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land , '' illustrating that the demand of the covenant is not given without the promise of the covenant .
George Leake CMG -LRB- posthumous -RRB- QC -LRB- 3 December 1856 & ndash ; 24 June 1902 -RRB- was Premier of Western Australia from 27 May 1901 to 21 November 1901 , and again from 23 December 1901 until his death on 24 June 1902 .
The largest minority nationalities and ethnic groups in Poland are Silesians -LRB- about 200,000 -RRB- , Germans -LRB- 152,897 according to the census , 92 % in Opole Voivodeship and Silesian Voivodeship -RRB- , Belarusians -LRB- c. 49,000 -RRB- , Ukrainians -LRB- c. 30,000 -RRB- , Lithuanians , Russians , Roma , Jews , Lemkos , Slovaks , Czechs , and Lipka Tatars .
The Cape May area is home to many birding authors , including Dunne , Kerlinger , Pat and Clay Sutton , Michael O'Brien , Richard Crossley and Kevin Karlson .
Its sterilizing properties are another reason for inclusion of KMnO4 in a survival kit .
When Galerius finally began his withdrawal from Italy , it was only with great difficulty that he managed to stop his veterans deserting him .
While the stadium is used for sporting events , it is most famous as the site of massive performances and shows celebrating Kim Il-sung and the North Korean nation .
He first visited the New World with the crew of Christopher Columbus 's second voyage in 1493 .
With the use of computers , the unit was the first to compile large amounts of cancer data .
The Common Desktop Environment -LRB- CDE -RRB- is a desktop environment for Unix and OpenVMS , based on the Motif widget toolkit .
Lenzburg and the neighbouring municipalities of Niederlenz and Staufen have grown together in an agglomeration .
It reflected Matisse 's incipient fascination with primitive art : the intense warm color of the figures against the cool blue-green background and the rhythmical succession of the dancing nudes convey the feelings of emotional liberation and hedonism .
Pulmonary venous hypertension typically presents with shortness of breath while lying flat or sleeping -LRB- orthopnea or paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea -RRB- , while pulmonary arterial hypertension -LRB- PAH -RRB- typically does not .
The Short-tailed Shearwater or Slender-billed Shearwater -LRB- Puffinus tenuirostris -RRB- , also called Yolla or Moonbird , and commonly known as the muttonbird in Australia , is the most abundant seabird species in Australian waters , and is one of the few Australian native birds in which the chicks are commercially harvested .
The film soundtrack , The Lion King 1 1/2 : Songs From Timon and Pumbaa 's Hilarious Adventure , was released to CD by Disney Records on February 10 , 2004 .
Santa Catalina Island , often called Catalina Island , or just Catalina , is a rocky island off the coast of the U.S. state of California .
The date 1847 represents the year Brigham Young led the first Mormon pioneers into the state , while 1896 represents the year that Utah was admitted to the Union .
Cresciano is a municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivière is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
RPM may also refer to :
Vendelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Ridgeway is a city in Winneshiek County , Iowa , United States .
Her second husband was Charles VIII of France , whom she married at Chateau Langeais on 6 December 1491 .
The Great Wall stretches from Shanhaiguan in the east , to Lop Nur in the west , along an arc that roughly delineates the southern edge of Inner Mongolia .
It will be replaced with Isaias in the 2014 season .
Another feature of the magazine is its coverage of underground and up-and-coming bands from all over the world .
Instituto Nacional de Estadísticas
Bonham Carter will be appearing alongside various big names such as Johnny Depp , Anne Hathaway , Christopher Lee and Alan Rickman .
Themes in YA stories often focus on the challenges of youth , so much so that the entire age category is sometimes referred to as problem novels or coming of age novels .
She also makes a big scene in front of all the campers when she realizes that Percy is alive .
Carrefour means '' crossroads '' in French .
The FDP polled a stunning 10 % of the votes , one of their best results ever .
Yoshi is also featured heavily in Mario merchandise ; he is the subject of toys , shirts , and figures .
Other STDs , even viral infections , can be prevented with the use of latex condoms as a barrier .
It was the first home they had ever owned .
Shortly before dying , Robert 's grandfather purchased a farm for Robert and Elinor in Derry , New Hampshire ; and Robert worked the farm for nine years , while writing early in the mornings and producing many of the poems that would later become famous .
Another secret follower of Jesus and member of the Sanhedrin named Nicodemus brought about a hundred pound weight mixture of spices and helped wrap the body of Christ .
Grouping 5566 not only work together as a group , but also separately .
On playing Bach As of 1999 , Hahn has stated that she plays Bach more than any composer and that she has played solo Bach pieces every day since she was eight .
Saint Patrick 's Day The consumption of corned beef is associated with Saint Patrick 's Day , when many Irish Americans eat a traditional meal of corned beef and cabbage .
Noah exiles Mumble from the colony as a result of his strange ways and theories , but before Mumble leaves , he vows that he will find the real cause of the famine .
The stadium hosted the 1980 MLB All-Star Game , as well as games of the 1963 , 1965 , 1966 , 1974 , 1977 , 1978 , 1981 , and 1988 World Series .
The Leader of the Opposition in New Zealand is the politician who , at least in theory , commands the support of the non-government bloc of members in the New Zealand Parliament .
1974 & ndash ; An earthquake in Lima , Peru , kills six people , and damages hundreds of houses .
Although the building was in use from April 1891 , the official opening night was on May 5 , with a concert conducted by maestro Walter Damrosch and composer Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
A proxy that focuses on World Wide Web traffic is called a '' web proxy '' .
The tournament was initially going to finish with Men 's Singles final on September 12 , but was postponed due to rain on the last day and just before the men 's tournament final .
In an organized sports league , a season is the portion of one year in which regulated games of the sport are in session .
Except for the five species of monotremes -LRB- which lay eggs -RRB- , all mammal species give birth to live young .
The original Al Jazeera channel was started in 1 November 1996 by an emiri decree with a loan of 500 million Qatari riyals -LRB- US$ 137 million -RRB- from the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa .
Paris Hilton attended her freshman year of high school at the Marywood-Palm Valley School in Rancho Mirage , California from 1995-1996 .
A list of settlements is at List of places in Wiltshire .
It contains original interviews , album and gear reviews and guitar and bass tablature of approximately five songs each month .
A controversy exists about its name , with some wanting to call it the '' East Sea '' .
This sense is mediated by specialized sensory cells of the nasal cavity of vertebrates , and , by analogy , sensory cells of the antennae of invertebrates .
Grendel is usually depicted as a monster , though this is the subject of scholarly debate .
History The district was established by merging the former districts of Burgenlandkreis and Weißenfels as part of the reform of 2007 .
Born in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada , Mowers backstopped the Red Wings to the Stanley Cup in 1943 , shutting out the Boston Bruins twice in the four-game series .
On 1 January 2009 Hofen merged with Altdorf , SH , Bibern , SH , Opfertshofen and Thayngen to form the municipality of Thayngen .
In 1937 , she represented Czechoslovakia in 6th WWCh in Stockholm -LRB- +14 -- 0 = 0 -RRB- .
While '' parmigiana '' means '' from Parma '' -LRB- in Northern Italy -RRB- , the dish is not part of Parma cuisine .
Each player begins the game with eight pawns , one on each square of the second rank from the view of the player .
The Green Anjou has a pale green skin that does n't change color as the pear ripens .
6 & times ; All-Pro selection -LRB- 2003 , 2004 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 -RRB-
The castle was also the place where the Jacobite Mackenzies became the first defeated clan who were forced to surrender and swear allegiance to the British Crown .
Echallens District is a district of the Canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
The 1991 â '' 1993 eruption saw the town of Zafferana threatened by a lava flow , but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred metres from the town 's margin .
Colonfay is a French commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
September 17 -- Conan III , Duke of Brittany -LRB- b. 1070 -RRB-
Grameen Foundation , which has an A-rating from Charity Watch , not only provides microloans in the USA itself -LRB- the only rich country where this is done -RRB- , but also supports microfinance institutions worldwide with loan guarantees , training , and technology transfer .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,511 people , 1,184 households , and 819 families residing in the city .
Bergues-sur-Sambre is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Interstate H-2 -LRB- abbreviated H-2 -RRB- is an intrastate Interstate Highway located on the island of O ` ahu in Hawai ` i , USA .
Sexual conflict occurs when the two sexes have conflicting optimal fitness strategies concerning reproduction , leading to an evolutionary arms race between males and females .
Its county seat is Clarksdale .
Parsix GNU/Linux is a computer operating system available as a live CD that can also be installed on a hard disk .
As described by the owner of the schooner , Paul Mangold :
Pondicherry consists of four small unconnected districts : Pondicherry , Karaikal , and Yanam on the Bay of Bengal and MahÃ on the Arabian Sea .
Punch Brothers released their first album , Punch , February 26 , 2008 on Nonesuch Records .
She also appeared in the Disney Channel Original Movies Minutemen and Starstruck .
For Epoch 2010 , it is the parallel of latitude that runs south of the Equator .
The majority of the Papuan languages are spoken on the island of New Guinea , with a number spoken in the Bismarck Archipelago , Bougainville Island , and the Solomon Islands to the east , and in Halmahera , Timor , and the Alor archipelago to the west .
Video poker is a single-player computer game that functions much like a slot machine ; most video poker machines play draw poker , where the player bets , a hand is dealt , and the player can discard and replace cards .
The kibibyte is a multiple of the unit byte for quantities of digital information .
Moulis-en-Médoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ascorbic acid is one form -LRB- vitamer -RRB- of vitamin C , and was historically the first chemical compound to be synthesized , and identified , as vitamin C/O. The name is derived from a - -LRB- meaning '' no '' -RRB- and scorbutus -LRB- scurvy -RRB- , the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C.
Kornberg was born in St. Louis , Missouri .
At age 14 , Rommel and a friend built a full-scale glider that was able to fly short distances .
Faction or factionalism can refer to : Political faction , a group of people connected by a shared belief or opinion within a larger group .
The standard was developed by the European Union , and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail -LRB- see also : Regions of the European Union -RRB- .
On November 22 the non-tropical low pressure system began to gain some tropical characteristics and its northward motion slowed to a stop .
It is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville , in Lee County , by the confluence of the North , Middle and South Forks at about 670 feet -LRB- 204 m -RRB- elevation , and flows generally northwest , in a highly meandering course through the mountains , through the Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
Aach -LRB- -RRB- is a small town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg -LRB- the region of Hegau -RRB- .
At the age of 23 , he stepped in to take the leading tenor role in Matilde di Shabran when Bruce Ford became ill .
The beds are weeded and watered from the pathways , so the garden soil is never stepped on or compacted .
Rather , Brithenig started as a thought experiment to create a Romance language that might have evolved if Latin had displaced the native Celtic language as the spoken language of the people in Great Britain .
The District contained one town , Jacobabad and 390 villages , according to the 1872 census it has a population of 115,050 , in 1881 145,180 .
Johanna Barker Soprano A beautiful young girl , Todd 's daughter but now claimed by Judge Turpin as his own ward .
Hand-drawn , local tattoo flash was largely replaced by professional '' flash artists '' who produced prints of copyrighted flash and sold them at conventions or through the Internet . By the turn of the new century -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , most tattoo studios have become custom shops with the flash serving as more of a reference for ideas .
A crisis -LRB- plural : '' crises '' ; adjectival form : '' critical '' -RRB- -LRB- from the Greek Î Ï Î Ï Î Ï , krisis -RRB- is any event that is , or expected to lead to , an unstable and dangerous situation affecting an individual , group , community or whole society .
Kathmandu -LRB- , -RRB- is the capital and the largest metropolitan city of Nepal .
Edward III -LRB- of Windsor -RRB- -LRB- 13 November 1312 â '' 21 June 1377 -RRB- was one of the most successful English monarchs of the Middle Ages .
The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse located on the Outer Banks in Corolla , North Carolina .
Turner Field is a stadium in Atlanta , Georgia , home to Major League Baseball 's Atlanta Braves since 1997 .
After a long exodus taking them to the Caucasus on to Crimea and later by sea to Constantinople and then Venice , the family finally settled in Paris in 1920 , where young Troyat was schooled and later earned a law degree .
Influence of other dialects is more significant in the vocabulary of standard Lithuanian .
In Formula One , a new DFV-based design was introduced for the new 3500 c normally-aspirated rules in 1987 .
Round , the Double Jeopardy !
AMEX was a mutual organization , owned by its members .
On 5 May 2008 , during the 30th anniversary celebrations of Ipswich Town 's 1978 FA Cup win , Robson was granted the Freedom of Ipswich by the Lady Mayor .
It is located in Lambeth , near the South Bank , in the London Borough of Lambeth , and in Travelcard Zone 1 .
The formal kimono was replaced by the more convenient Western clothes and Yukata as everyday wear .
Awards Mozilla Firefox has been given a number of awards by various organizations .
The death toll of Andrew was only 26 , largely due the well-executed evacuations . However , it caused a total of $ 26 billion in damage -LRB- 1992 dollars -RRB- , including $ 25 billion in Dade County -LRB- now Miami-Dade County -RRB- in Florida , $ 1 billion in Louisiana , and $ 250 million in the Bahamas , making it the second costliest hurricane in U.S. history , behind only Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
John Ernst Steinbeck , Jr. -LRB- February 27 , 1902 â '' December 20 , 1968 -RRB- was an American writer .
Southey 's elderly antagonist morphed into a pretty little girl called Goldilocks , and his three male bears became Father , Mother , and Baby Bear .
The abandonment of the citadels In 1659 , Louis XIV and the Philip IV of Spain signed the Treaty of the Pyrenees , sealed with the marriage of the Infanta Marie Therese to the French King .
On 1 December 2009 , Beijing police transferred Liu 's case to the procuratorate for investigation and processing ; on 10 December , the procuratorate formally indicted Liu on charges of '' inciting subversion of state power '' under and sent his lawyers , Shang Baojun and Ding Xikui , the indictment document .
An upper house is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature , the other chamber being the lower house .
His failure to pass the entrance exams at Paris ' École des Beaux-Arts ended any plans for a career as an architect , although he briefly studied painting there under Jean-L éon Gérôme in 1864 .
It reached Category 4 intensity on August 3 before weakening slightly and restrengthening .
They established a colony near Delhi in 1232 .
The city is noted for its Alpine setting .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,260 people , 1,384 households , and 863 families residing in the city .
The French-speaking population makes up a little bit more than two thirds of the total population .
The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Iran 17 k south-east of the city of Bushehr , between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf .
The University is organized into twelve undergraduate colleges , two professional schools , seven graduate schools , and an open university and distance learning program , which are all supervised by the Executive Vice President .
During the Middle Ages , most of the remainder of Europe was Christianized , with Christians also being a -LRB- sometimes large -RRB- religious minority in the Middle East , North Africa , and parts of India .
August 6 -- King Stephen V of Hungary
Year 1411 -LRB- MCDXI -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Over many years , heavy equipment has been installed in unsightly fenced-off sections at the ends of platforms owing to the lack of anywhere else to install them .
The expanding spongy tissue presses against a surrounding dense tissue -LRB- tunica albuginea -RRB- constricting these veins , preventing blood from leaving .
Filain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
and the term of protection available should be the minimum twenty years .
Stated in interview on Inside the Actors Studio , 2002 Gere has three sisters and a brother .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
Denver is the capital and the most populous city of Colorado .
Barnes Wallis , inventor of the ` Bouncing bomb ' lived for a time in Ripley and now has one of the town 's parks named after him .
Francisco Guerrero , the second and current incarnation of El Gato Negro , is Agustin 's grandson .
Today , they are widely used throughout East Asia .
Also , authorities had posted the handwriting from the brochure on billboards , which was historic as it was used for the first time in an attempt to find an unknown killer . This led to a tip from a former neighbor who was able to provide a copy of a work order that Chandler had written .
Steven Swann Jones identified the presence of magic as the feature by which fairy tales can be distinguished from other sorts of folktales .
Melville Island is a vast , uninhabited member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Canada with an area of .
Wiener is the founder of cybernetics , a field that formalizes the notion of feedback , with many implications for engineering , systems control , computer science , biology , philosophy , and the organization of society .
Fleeing the provincial atmosphere there , Fontane published articles in the Leipzig newspaper Die Eisenbahn and translated Shakespeare .
Hafnium is named Hafnia after the Latin name for '' Copenhagen '' , where it was discovered .
Classification and examples Venoms Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against vertebrates are neurotoxins .
'' Beatitudes . ''
Multiple lenses Some marine organisms bear more than one lens ; for instance the copeopod Pontella has three .
Dr. Rene Mayrhofer published Gibraltar Firewall in 1999 .
There are also Ibadis in Algeria , Tunisia , East Africa as well as Libya .
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by R&B singer Rihanna , released on June 4 , 2007 in most European countries and on June 5 , 2007 in the United States .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tochigi S.C. .
Sir William Sterndale Bennett -LRB- 13 April 1816 -- 1 February 1875 -RRB- was an English composer and pianist .
He established his own workshop after a brief period as Neri di Bicci 's assistant ; the shop was renowned for its decorative works , a few of which can be seen in the cloistered church of Empoli .
Soest is located along the Hellweg road , approximately 23 kilometres south-west of Lippstadt , roughly 50 kilometres east of Dortmund and roughly 50 kilometres west of Paderborn .
'' rock engravings '' , H. G. Wells , Outl .
Mud volcanoes are often associated with petroleum deposits and tectonic subduction zones and orogenic belts ; hydrocarbon gases are often erupted .
Thomas Idir a.k.a. Sinik -LRB- born June 26 , 1980 -RRB- is a French-language rap artist of Kabylian ethnicity .
However , many nations and organizations hoped to deliver assistance and relief to Burma without delay ; most of their officials , supplies and stores were waiting in Thailand and at the Yangon airport , as the Burmese junta declined to issue visas for many of those individuals .
Afghanistan is a landlocked nation in south-central Asia .
The British Rail Class 304 electric multiple units were built for suburban use on the first phases of the West Coast Main Line electrification between Crewe and Manchester\/Liverpool\/Rugby .
Saint - Émilion -LRB- -RRB- is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
1904 & ndash ; Fats Waller , American pianist -LRB- d. 1943 -RRB-
The defection of General Abdul Rashid Dostam and his Uzbek militia , in March 1992 , ultimately undermined Najibullah 's control of the state .
The modern name is taken from the nearby town of Bodman .
Mandelstam 's non-conformist , anti-establishment tendencies were not heavily disguised .
In most if not all cases , jury nullification will not be a valid factor in analyzing trial fairness for the accused . Guarding against jury nullification is a desirable and legitimate exercise for a trial judge ; in fact a judge is required to take steps to ensure that the jury will apply the law properly . ''
The earthquake and tsunami kill an estimated 25,000 people in Arica and perhaps 70,000 people in all .
We have no direct sources of Mazdakism : none of their books have survived . Our knowledge is made up of brief mentions in Syriac , Persian , Arabic and Greek sources , and almost all of the information is written by opponents of Mazdakism .
Trucks and some cars use similar diesel fuel with a cetane number limit describing the ignition quality of the fuel .
ICDO =
A Only Beyoncé -LRB- with Michelle Williams of Destiny 's Child as opening act -RRB- at this date .
When she leaves , a marriage procession with Masetto and Zerlina enters .
The oldest manuscripts of Gregorian chants were written using a graphic notation which uses a repertoire of specific signs called neumes ; each neume designates a basic musical gesture -LRB- see musical notation -RRB- .
In relation to obstacles , he sequences tricks , mixes flip tricks with grinds and board slides . In the video , Mullen introduced two newly invented tricks , the Kickflip Underflip and the Casper slide .
Under this label , Fly to the Sky released their sixth studio album Transition after a year-long hiatus in January 2006 .
Popularity and legacy His works are particularly popular with youth and amateur orchestras , partly because of their playability , and also because of the accessibility of his unique style , which combines the musical elements of classical , jazz , popular and folk .
was the 16th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O16/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession .
It has over 500 locations , including over 150 non-traditional locations .
Most of the area falls within the Yorkshire Dales District National Park , created in 1954 , and now one of the twelve National parks of England and Wales .
In the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands secrete a special type of sebum into tears .
Many fans felt that the sexual nature of Xena and Gabrielle 's relationship was cemented by an interview given by Lucy Lawless to Lesbian News magazine in 2003 .
Henry quickly gained enough power and support to have himself declared King Henry IV , to imprison King Richard , who died in prison under mysterious circumstances , and to bypass Richard 's seven-year-old heir-presumptive , Edmund de Mortimer .
Georg Friedrich Solms-Laubach -LRB- 1899 - 1969 -RRB- Friedel Münch , head of Münch Motorcycle Works Friedrich Kellner , -LRB- 1885 - 1970 -RRB- Kellner was Laubach 's chief justice inspector during WWII and wrote a 10-volume diary about the misdeeds of the Nazis .
-LRB- transliterated Korean for Jeju Province , short form of Jeju Special Autonomous Province -RRB- is the only special autonomous province of South Korea , situated on and coterminous with the country 's largest island .
The wind farm will be completed in two phases and will have a nameplate capacity of 750 MW total , making it one of the largest in the world .
La Calotterie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A territory -LRB- from the word ` terra ' , meaning ` land ' -RRB- is a defined area , including land and waters , considered to be a possession of a person , organization , institution , animal , state or country subdivision .
Fontet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Andrea del Verrocchio -LRB- c. 1435 -- 1488 -RRB- , born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de ' Cioni , was an Italian sculptor , goldsmith and painter who worked at the court of Lorenzo de ' Medici in Florence .
It premiered on the Las Vegas radio station Mix 94.1 , and became an instant hit worldwide .
The town after which it is named -- Berwick-upon-Tweed -- was lost by Scotland to England in 1482 .
The generous Art/Craft/Science Lab and the senior classroom Winters building was opened in 1979 .
A phosphite a salt of phosphorous acid . The phosphite ion -LRB- PO33 â ' -RRB- is a polyatomic ion with a phosphorus central atom where phosphorus has an oxidation state of +3 .
For instance , in the village of Innervillgraten , a majority of 95 % voted for Austria 's independence .
It was the first year of the 20th century .
This protocol aims to establish a session key between two parties on a network , typically to protect further communication .
In Euclidean space , an object is convex if for every pair of points within the object , every point on the straight line segment that joins them is also within the object .
This First Temple was destroyed by the Babylonians in 586 BCE when they sacked the city .
A B C D E F G A '
the ` New ' falling out of use leading to its current name .
Pulaski is a town in Pulaski County , Virginia , United States .
In cooler climates it is common to have heat pumps that are designed only to provide heating .
It was the follow-up to the band 's highly acclaimed reunion album Suffer .
Olympia , 1863
Super Princess Peach marked the second time that Princess Peach was cast as the main heroine in a video game . In a role-reversal , Princess Peach had to save Mario and Luigi from King Bowser .
An illuminated manuscript is a manuscript in which the text is supplemented by the addition of decoration , such as decorated initials , borders -LRB- marginalia -RRB- and miniature illustrations .
Because of his many alleged vices , many Romans feared at this point that he would be another Nero .
Lobamba is famous for two ceremonies : the Reed Dance , celebrated in August and September in honor of the Queen Mother , and the Incwala , in December and January in honor of the King .
Flagstaff is located at .
It borders Derbyshire to the east , the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham to the north , the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport to the south , and the City of Manchester to the west .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
A postage meter is a mechanical device used to create and apply physical evidence of postage -LRB- or franking -RRB- to mailed matter .
Screenwriter David Paterson is Katherine Paterson 's son , and the novel is based on parts of his childhood .
1970s-era organ trios such as Tony Williams ' band Lifetime played jazz-rock fusion .
Villequier-Aumont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Any editor may volunteer and assist with DYK , simply by contributing to the department operations .
; Print - Game Developer Magazine ; Online - Gamasutra The largest games trade magazine -LRB- circ 35 000 -RRB- , and its associated website .
Chubby Checker -LRB- born Ernest Evans ; October 3 , 1941 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter .
It has gone top ten in places including the United Kingdom , Ireland , Australia and on the Canadian Hot 100 .
It is the seventh game by Mönkkönen , but only the fifth to be released fully in English .
Whittier is also popular with tourists , sport fishermen and hunters .
An important class are the simple acyclic alcohols , the general formula for which is CnH2n +1 OH .
They were first released for the Game Boy in Japan in 1996 and later released to North America in 1998 , and Europe and Australia in 1999 .
These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids -LRB- in three dimensions -RRB- and the regular polygons -LRB- in two dimensions -RRB- .
Ilulissat Icefjord The Ilulissat Icefjord -LRB- Ilulissat Kangerlua -RRB- runs west from the Greenland ice sheet to Disko Bay close to Ilulissat town .
They were probably a people of seafarers , the North Sea spanning from Britain to Eastern Denmark , was referred to as the Mare Frisia at that time .
Nigel John Dermot '' Sam '' Neill , DCNZM , OBE -LRB- born 14 September 1947 -RRB- is a New Zealand actor who was born in Northern Ireland .
Smoking is banned in all public places in Hong Kong .
When startled , these cucumbers may expel some of them through a tear in the wall of the cloaca in an autotomic process known as evisceration .
In Classical Greek myths she never consorts with a lover , earning the title Athena Parthenos -LRB- '' Athena the virgin '' -RRB- , hence the name of her most famous temple , the Parthenon , on the Acropolis in Athens .
The nature of the galaxy 's bar is also actively debated , with estimates for its half-length and orientation spanning from 1 t -LRB- short or a long bar -RRB- and 10 â '' 50 degrees .
In 2009 , Efron signed on to play title character in the movie Charlie St. Cloud .
At 7.5 cm -LRB- 3 in -RRB- and a weight under 3 grams , it is among the smallest of the hermits and smallest birds overall .
'' Suga Mama '' is a song performed by American R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles for her second studio album , B ` Day -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba Riddick , and produced by Harrison and Knowles .
It was quickly replaced by the Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands .
Károlyi , Otto -LRB-/O1965/O-RRB- , Introducing Music , p. 63 .
Moreover , it is common in Japan to refer to any thin noodle as soba in contrast to udon which are thick noodles made from wheat .
History Siena , like other Tuscan hill towns , was first settled in the time of the Etruscans -LRB- c. 900 BC to 400 BC -RRB- when it was inhabited by a tribe called the Saina .
Gifhorn -LRB- -RRB- is a district in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Originating in Neapolitan cuisine , the dish has become popular in many different parts of the world .
Paintsville is a city in Johnson County , Kentucky , United States .
Forest is a small town located near Sarnia , Ontario in Canada .
Catherine Parr -LRB- Katherine , Kateryn or Katheryne ; 1512 â '' 5 September 1548 -RRB- was Queen consort of England and Ireland and the last of the six wives of King Henry VIII of England .
Now expand by the same factor to get , and place it next to as before .
As a fine powder , toner can remain suspended in the air for some period , and is considered to have health effects comparable to inert dust .
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern of the Netherlands , near the border with Germany .
Opeth signed with UK label Peaceville Records in Europe , which was distributed by Music For Nations .
He held the title Commander of the Faithful of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , which was officially recognized by Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .
NICs often receive support from international organizations such as the WTO and other internal support bodies .
was one of the Titans in the list given in Hesiod 's Theogony , a son of Uranus and Gaia .
The symbols grew increasingly complex as the number of objects grew , and , as they had to be drawn by hand , astronomers found some of them difficult .
Many of the town 's chimneys were destroyed , as well there was some significant damage to the post office and the Courtenay elementary school .
Adolf Hitler 's plan was to push the Allies forces back from the Ardennes , to recapture the port of Antwerp and to prove that Germany would not surrender .
The elected catholicos-patriarch was a native of Mesopotamia , a former Metropolitan of the Assyrian Church of the East in India from 1952 to 1968 based at Thrissur , India .
On October 2 , the Elektra -LRB- call sign SIWB -RRB- reported winds of 52 m while located about 170 m to the east of the storm 's center .
Winger is an American glam metal band formed in New York City that gained popularity during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Mato Grosso do Sul literally means '' Southern Thick Forest '' , a name inherited from its northern neighbour state of Mato Grosso , of which it was part until split in the 1970s .
These forecasts were widely-acclaimed for their simplicity , winning an award from the Royal Television Society in 1993 .
For a list of other U.S. states with similar geographic extensions , see Panhandle
ThÃ odore GÃ ricault -LRB- 26 September 1791 -- 26 January 1824 -RRB- was a profoundly influential French artist , painter and lithographer , known for The Raft of the Medusa and other paintings .
The Platypus lays eggs in its nest .
Saint-Martin-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Nemerteans collect food with their proboscis , which is closely associated with the digestive system , although it actually develops from the ectoderm on the outside of the animal .
Her most widely used quote is '' There is only one happiness in life , to love and be loved . ''
With the knowledge of cell biology and biochemistry increasing , the field of pharmacology has also changed substantially .
The Copts of Egypt claim to have first made the dish as a replacement for meat during Lent .
The flowers are complete , perfect with five narrow , triangular-pointed petals .
Kursi Aur Qanoon is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Masood Butt .
They are less acidic than key limes and do n't have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
Finlay pulled him off , only to slam him back down onto Burchill again and again .
For permission to use it , one must contact the owner of the copyright of the text or illustration in question ; often , but not always , this will be the original author .
; Matt Cameron Active : 1986 â '' 1997 , 2010 â '' present Instruments : drums Release contributions : all Soundgarden releases from Screaming Life -LRB- 1987 -RRB- to Telephantasm -LRB- 2010 -RRB- By September 1986 , Matt Cameron had gained so much notoriety in the local Seattle music scene that he was chosen to play for Soundgarden , replacing drummer Scott Sundquist .
There she again outplayed Walker -LRB- then of Ithaca , New York -RRB- , with a score of 100 â '' 57 , and earned a $ 1,001 prize .
Currently 248 countries , territories , or areas of geographical interest are assigned official codes in ISO 3166-1 .
Few other writers of fiction have had such an impact on contemporary philosophy as Dick .
José Saramago was in his mid-fifties before he won international acclaim ; his publication of Baltasar and Blimunda brought him to the attention of an international readership .
The data to be encoded is often called the '' message '' , and the hash value is sometimes called the message digest or simply digest .
For reasons of public decency , women convicted of high treason were instead burnt at the stake .
In cryptography , a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers , named after the German-born physicist and cryptographer Horst Feistel who did pioneering research while working for IBM -LRB- USA -RRB- ; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network .
Aslan 's voice was a contention point . Brian Cox was originally cast in the role on December 9 , 2004 , but Adamson changed his mind .
The U.S. Army 's Ballistic Research Laboratory ENIAC -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , which used decimal arithmetic and is sometimes called the first general purpose electronic computer -LRB- since Konrad Zuse 's Z3 of 1941 used electromagnets instead of electronics -RRB- .
Like viols , it has a flat back and intricately carved head at the top of the peg box , but unlike viols , the head occurs often with blindfolded eyes to represent love , and its sound-holes are commonly in the shape of a flaming sword -LRB- suggesting a Middle Eastern influence in its development -RRB- .
Prophetstown is a city in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
The only other championship race for which this is true is the British Grand Prix .
This land was then given to Morcar , the King 's chief minister , and he was unusually given rights that were normally reserved for the King alone .
However , the 250 MB drive writes much more slowly to 100 MB disks than does the 100 MB drive , and it 's unable to perform a long -LRB- i.e. , thorough -RRB- format on a 100 MB disk .
Biography Bülow was born in Dresden , and from the age of nine he was a student of Friedrich Wieck -LRB- the father of Clara Schumann -RRB- .
The charter is preserved in the archives of the city 's Guildhall .
The roe is usually deep-fried , although other preparations such as mashed roe where the roe crushed along with oil , onion & pepper , or curry of roe can also be found .
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3 and a specific gravity of 5.76 .
Reigning until the age of 93 , he was the oldest pope , and had the third longest pontificate , behind his immediate predecessor Pius IX and John Paul II .
This event marked the beginning of the successful , 250-year co-operation between the Staatsoper and the Staatskapelle Berlin , the state orchestra , whose roots trace back to the 16th century .
The valley is one of the few areas in Alaska which supports agriculture .
The Britannica is the oldest English-language encyclopaedia still in print .
Investiture , from the Latin -LRB- preposition in and verb vestire , ` dress ' from vestis ` robe ' -RRB- is a rather general term for the formal installation of an incumbent -LRB- heir , elect of nominee -RRB- in public office , especially by taking possession of its insignia .
CM Punk defeated Shelton Benjamin , Chris Jericho , Carlito , Montel Vontavious Porter -LRB- MVP -RRB- , Mr. Kennedy and John Morrison in a Money in the Bank ladder match
The Lancia Lybra is a compact executive car produced by Italian Fiat Auto 's upscale marque Lancia between 1999 and 2006 .
The half-hour long show premiered on July 21 , 1996 , and was hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 1998 .
Post-canonical Pali also possesses a few loan-words from local languages where Pali was used -LRB- e.g. Sri Lankans adding Sinhalese words to Pali -RRB- .
Von Arendt was born in GÃ rlitz , Kingdom of Prussia on 19 July 1898 , and became a stage designer ; he joined the SS in 1931 and the NSDAP in 1932 .
When Burnham Exploration Company struck it rich in 1923 , the Burnhams moved to a mansion in a new housing development then known as Hollywoodland -LRB- a name later shortened to '' Hollywood '' -RRB- and took many trips around the world in high style .
He practices martial arts and trains with his master , Master Mantis .
The orchestra 's leader , Elias Breeskin , was also its conductor for the first few years .
As outsourcing gathers steam , computer science interest wanes Although statistics do not currently show a threat to software engineering itself ; a related career , computer programming does appear to have been affected.Com puter ProgrammersSoftware developer growth slows in North America InfoWorld News 2007-03-13 By Robert Mullins , IDG News Service Nevertheless , the ability to smartly leverage offshore and near-shore resources in an efficient fashion has improved the overall operational capability of many organizationsGartner Magic Quadrant .
The 1090s decade ran from January 1 , 1090 , to December 31 , 1099 of the 11th century .
Latin , however , superseded Etruscan completely , leaving only a few documents and a few loanwords in Latin e.g. , persona from Etruscan ersu , and some place-names , such as Roma .
It is the fifth largest city in the province with an estimated population of 374,371 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
Public toilets , public lavatories , or public conveniences are toilets that are accessible to the general public with common access from the street .
Among people with healthy circadian clocks , there is a continuum of chronotypes from '' larks '' , '' morning people '' , who prefer to sleep and wake early , to '' owls '' , '' evening people '' or '' night people '' , who prefer to sleep and wake at late times .
Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters ' Tryste Inn in 1845 .
A tennis match is composed of a number of sets .
Bernhard '' Barney '' Dreyfuss -LRB- February 23 , 1865 -- February 5 , 1932 -RRB- was a German-Jewish-American executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
The town is served by the daily Countrylink Xplorer service between Sydney and Moree .
It intersperses Gore 's exploration of data and predictions regarding climate change and its potential for disaster with his own life story .
This Brixton riot took place in Lambeth , South London , England , on 11 April 1981 .
Edward Bridge '' Ted '' Danson III -LRB- born December 29 , 1947 -RRB- is an American actor best known for his role as central character Sam Malone in the sitcom Cheers , and his role as Dr. John Becker on the series Becker .
The album contained uptempo electroclash songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s .
Corfu is occupied by the Genoese .
Sylvain Claude Wiltord -LRB- born 10 May 1974 in Neuilly-sur-Marne -RRB- is a French footballer who is currently a free agent .
Many studies have looked at what they eat , and how they live , but they are still having problems getting the potoroos to breed .
Many trucks and buses in Pakistan are highly customised and decorated by their owners .
The Vaucluse -LRB- Provençal Occitan : Vauclusa in classical norm or Vau-Cluso in Mistralian norm -RRB- is a department in the southeast of France , named after the famous spring , the Fontaine-de-Vaucluse .
Bradley M. Kuhn -LRB- FSF Executive Director , 2001 -- 2005 -RRB- launched the program and also signed up as the first Associate MemberKuhn has an FSF-generated member link that identifies him as the first member on his web page .
The team originated that year in Vancouver , British Columbia and relocated to Memphis in 2001 .
Examples of the use of this prefix in names of Python applications or libraries include Pygame , a binding of SDL to Python -LRB- commonly used to create games -RRB- ; PyS60 , an implementation for the Symbian Series 60 Operating System ; PyQt and PyGTK , which bind Qt and GTK , respectively , to Python ; and PyPy , a Python implementation written in Python .
Stone grinding is an art form in and of itself .
A main-belt asteroid , it was discovered by A. Massinger at Heidelberg on January 24 , 1914 .
Castelviel is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In equal temperament , each semitone is exactly 100 cents .
Emeric of Hungary -LRB- b. 1174 -RRB-
It is the third-largest of the four schools , followed by approximately 15 % of Muslims , mostly in North Africa , West Africa , the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , and in some parts of Saudi Arabia .
The term '' patent troll '' was used as early as 1993 to describe companies that file aggressive patent lawsuits . The Patent Troll was originally depicted in '' The Patents Video '' which was released in 1994 and sold to corporations , universities and governmental entities .
One third of the city was reported to be underwater and over 1100 people took shelter at evacuation centres .
Most observers believe that Hearst appreciated Graham 's patriotism and appeals to youth and thought that Graham would be helpful in promoting Hearst 's conservative anti-communist views .
Brian Laudrup -LRB- born 22 February 1969 -RRB- is a Danish former football player and current football commentator , pundit and analyst on TV3 + .
Stylus -LRB- favourable -RRB- -- link
Saint-Omer Cathedral -LRB- Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Saint-Omer -RRB- is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in Saint-Omer .
The name comes from the fact that many of the original Polly Pocket dolls came in pocket-size cases .
The case dragged on for some years , with Mrs. Stoker demanding the destruction of the negative and all prints of the film .
Traditionally , the South West of England has been well known for producing Cheddar cheese , which originated in the Somerset village of Cheddar , for Devon cream teas , Cornish pasties , and for cider .
The Schools ' names and definitions have varied over the College 's history , but there have always been between three and five of them .
This is the only such cemetery in Australia , and also holds some of the dead from the WWII air raids on Darwin .
It is the most active volcano in Indonesia and has erupted regularly since 1548 .
He was the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , an inter-governmental organization under the auspices of the United Nations , from December 1997 to November 2009 .
Among Rotten Tomatoes ' Cream of the Crop , which consists of popular and notable critics from the top newspapers , websites , television , and radio programs , the film holds an overall approval rating of 88 % based on 33 reviews .
It is located on the Untersee of Lake Constance .
Records of seismic waves allow seismologists to map the interior of the Earth , and locate and measure the size of these different sources .
It includes all of the officially released software packages that are deemed most useful by the Zenwalk community .
McKim , Donald K. Westminster Dictionary of Theological Terms .
Because of the success of the 2008 Winter Classic , another outdoor game was held in the 2008 -- 09 NHL season .
Though Athens was victorious , Cynegeirus died in the battle .
is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for Omiya Ardija .
Their regular season began on the road on October 9 , 2008 , in Denver versus the Colorado Avalanche and concluded on April 12 , 2009 , against the New York Islanders .
Six actors depict different facets of Dylan 's life and public persona : Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Marcus Carl Franklin , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger , and Ben Whishaw .
Vespasian becomes emperor .
Impressed with the manual method , Gallaudet studied teaching methodology under Sicard , learning sign language from Massieu and Clerc , who were both highly educated graduates of the school .
Naiad orbits about 23,500 km above Neptune 's cloud tops .
Stevens first began releasing his music on the Asthmatic Kitty label , which he formed with his stepfather , beginning with the 2000 release A Sun Came .
Reflections on longevity have usually gone beyond acknowledging the brevity of human life and have included thinking about methods to extend life .
Fontenais is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
In 1941 , American cavers organized themselves into the National Speleological Society -LRB- NSS -RRB- to advance the exploration , conservation , study , and understanding of caves in the United States .
Alba has also had asthma since she was a child .
The term cipher -LRB- sometimes cypher -RRB- is often used to refer to a pair of algorithms , one for encryption and one for decryption .
The lake is situated in Germany , Switzerland and Austria near the Alps .
Eisuke Nakanishi is a former Japanese football defender .
The Riksbank decided on 17 February 2010 , to recommend the parliament to allow it to issue a 2-krona coin and a 200-krona note , the latter a new denomination for the country .
His strike rate is amongst the highest in the history of both One-day and Test cricket and he currently holds the record for the second fastest century in Test match cricket .
Malta 400,000 -LRB- Maltese descent only -RRB-
â '' Ube esas la personi ?
Chiburdanidze lost her crown to the young Chinese player in Manila by 8 Â 1\/2 -6 Â 1\/2 .
As New Orleans is located on the Mississippi River Delta and parts of the city are below sea level , a strong hurricane could have a devastating effect on the city .
Institut d'histoire du livre , 2004 .
The Space Shuttle , part of the Space Transportation System -LRB- STS -RRB- , is an American spacecraft operated by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration -LRB- NASA -RRB- for orbital human spaceflight missions .
Dashi -LRB- å æ , ã ã -- -RRB- is a class of soup and cooking stock , considered fundamental to Japanese cooking .
Queen Joan and her son , now James II escaped to the safety of Edinburgh Castle .
The biggest line reinstatment project is the former Waverley railway Edinburgh to Borders line .
It is very prestigious and selective .
7.1 -- 10 % of the Arab world 's population
Ramps , chutes and slides An inclined plane is a simple machine that does not move .
The nearest airport is Aberdeen Airport at Dyce .
Lilo & Stitch was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , which ultimately went to Hayao Miyazaki 's film , Spirited Away , which was also distributed by Walt Disney Pictures .
The House of Commons is a democratically elected body , consisting of 308 members known as Members of Parliament -LRB- MPs -RRB- .
The document was made in 959 or 974 and shows the evolution of Latin to a Romance language by the Leonese words mixed with the Latin ones .
The MÄ ori name for the bay is Te Moana-a-Toi -LRB- '' the sea of Toi '' -RRB- , a reference to the ancestral explorer Toi-te-huatahi .
The remaining Alliance members -LRB- with the exception of RVD who turned face -RRB- would associate themselves with Vince , who immediately turned heel , against Austin , who immediately turned face .
The BASIC programming language -LRB- 1964 -RRB- made it easy for students to use computers .
The Vienna Symphony -LRB- -RRB- is an orchestra in Vienna , Austria .
The project is considered unique in terms of its technology , the political environment and the challenging physical climate .
Moving to Colorado , where he became a practicing attorney , PeÃ a was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1979 , where he rose to become Minority Leader .
His local cult began to grow from roughly the second dynasty , establishing Ra as a sun deity .
The band uses melodic instrumentals , synthesizers , and distorted guitars with female vocals , male death vocals , clean male vocals , a choir and violins .
Cheung never attended high school and has an elder half-sister Dai Pek-Chi , two younger brothers and also a younger half-brother from her father 's side .
In some sports , protective gear may be require to be worn , such as helmets or American football body armor .
The editor of the rival New York Sun attacked Pulitzer in print , calling him in 1890 '' The Tucker who abandoned his religion '' .
Seymour is a city in Wayne County , Iowa , United States .
Givenchy-lès-la-Bassée is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cristot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
is a video game published by Nintendo and developed by Left Field Productions .
Vendettas are generally abetted by a perceived or actual indifference on the part of local law enforcement .
Blairlogie is a village in Stirlingshire , Scotland , situated at the base of the great cliff of Dumyat between Stirling and Menstrie . It was one of central Scotland 's earliest Conservation villages .
Recently , the volcano has created smaller landslides about every ten years .
Palenque is a medium-sized site , much smaller than such huge sites as Tikal or Copán , but it contains some of the finest architecture , sculpture , roof comb and bas-relief carvings the Maya produced .
Rozhdestvensky was born in Moscow .
The match ended 2 â '' 1 to England , courtesy of two own goals by Japan .
Mika Pauli Häkkinen -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born September 28 , 1968 in Helsingin maalaiskunta -RRB- is a Finnish racing driver and two-time Formula One World Champion .
Sillé-le-Philippe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Despite this , the E46 Compact was not as successful as its predecessor .
His compositions include the operas Samuel Pepys and Pickwick , a piano concerto and a symphonic poem The Eagle , dedicated to the memory of his former teacher Arthur Nikisch , which was performed in Leeds in 1925 .
It is the largest hypermarket chain in the world in terms of size , and the second largest retail group in the world in terms of revenue and third largest in profit after Wal-Mart and Tesco .
In the Nath tradition , Dattatreya is recognized as an Avatar or incarnation of the Lord Shiva and as the Adi-Guru -LRB- First Teacher -RRB- of the Adinath Sampradaya of the Nathas .
It can be formulated as CoIICoIII2O4 or CoO .
Justin Randall Timberlake -LRB- born January 31 , 1981 -RRB- is an American pop musician .
The specific epithet commemorates Japanese cetologist Hideo Omura , thus a common name for the accepted species would be Omura 's Whale .
Saludos Amigos premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
Year 1391 -LRB- MCCCXCI -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Natural enemies include predatory ladybirds , hoverfly larvae , parasitic wasps , aphid midge larvae , crab spiders , lacewings and entomopathogenic fungi like Lecanicillium lecanii and the Entomophthorales .
He has published six children 's books , including How Murray Saved Christmas , published by Penguin , and City of Hamburgers , published by Inkwater Press .
For other uses , see Over My Head '' Over My Head -LRB- Cable Car -RRB- '' -LRB- originally performed as '' Cable Car '' -RRB- is a song by Colorado-based pop rock band The Fray on their debut album How to Save a Life -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
The church met in the temple structure for several years before demolishing a portion of the building in 1971 to make way for a larger building .
He is one of only 24 humans to have flown to the Moon .
In the 19th century BiaÅ ystok was an important center for light industry and was the reason for the substantial growth of the city 's population .
However , should a group of Church of Satan members form a '' magic circle '' for purposes beyond basic social and ritual interaction , and should that circle remain healthy and active for a year and a day , the leader may apply to have it formalized as a Grotto and be chartered as Grotto Master .
Neil Andrew Mellor -LRB- born 4 November 1982 in Sheffield , South Yorkshire -RRB- is an English professional football player with Preston North End .
They are divided into two subclasses : Elasmobranchii -LRB- sharks , rays and skates -RRB- and Holocephali -LRB- chimaera , sometimes called ghost sharks , which are sometimes separated into their own class -RRB- .
The Silver Medal of Military Valor -LRB- Italian language : Medaglia d'Argento al Valore Militare -RRB- is an Italian medal established in 1833 by King Charles Albert of Sardinia .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Nicola Berti -LRB- born 14 April 1967 in Salsomaggiore Terme -RRB- is an Italian former footballer whose career spanned three decades .
No Way Out -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on February 15 , 2009 at the KeyArena in Seattle , Washington .
The site is known as Mparntwe to its traditional inhabitants , the Arrernte , who have lived in the Central Australian desert in and around what is now Alice Springs for more than 50,000 years .
As the curtain drops , the two newlywed couples rejoice .
Air Jordan -LRB- s -RRB- , also simply as Jordans are a brand of shoes and athletic apparel produced by Nike originally designed for and endorsed by professional NBA basketball player Michael Jordan .
He has been awarded multiple honors .
Bowell was born in Rickinghall , Suffolk , England to John Bowell and Elizabeth Marshall .
Mondicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Emperor Go-Shirakawa ascends to the throne of Japan .
Line or lines may refer to :
After the romantic affair was over , FÃ licitÃ remained in the service of Marie-Ad Ã laÃ de at the Palais-Royal , a trusted friend to both Marie-Ad Ã laÃ de and Philippe .
Habarcq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Besides that he produced more than 1,000 oil paintings that remained unsold up to his death in 1908 .
It is also referred to as temporal frequency .
Ö 3 Austria Top 40 is the name of the official Austrian singles chart , as well as the radio show which presents it , aired Fridays on Hitradio Ö 3 .
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy : succession to the British throne is hereditary , governed by the principle of male preference primogeniture , but excludes Roman Catholics or those who marry Roman Catholics .
Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy film , produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson , Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon . It is the second installment in the Shrek film series and the sequel to 2001 's Shrek .
Subsequently , the final episode aired on 29 August 2010 .
He is noted for his military prowess , commanding the forces of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and those of his immediate successors of the Rashidun Caliphate ; Abu Bakr and Umar -LRB- Umar ibn al-Khattab -RRB- .
The story begins in Autumn of 1916 , and follows an Irish immigrant named John Lawless -LRB- Tommy Steele -RRB- as he applies for a butler position with eccentric Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle -LRB- Fred MacMurray -RRB- .
Currently , the majority of the population , more than 75 percent , are Indians of mixed origins -LRB- a significant percentage being followers of the Hindu and Muslim faith -RRB- , with the rest from Africa and a minority of Chinese and Eurasian .
Another economic criterion is industrialization ; countries in which the tertiary and quaternary sectors of industry dominate would thus be described as developed .
Don Carlos is an opera by Giuseppe Verdi , also known as Don Carlo .
While all the players were standing on a pillar , in a typical endurance Immunity challenge , the players were told that they 'd be tempted with various rewards for hopping off voluntarily .
Crocy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Historically , Görlitz belongs to the region of Upper Lusatia and Silesia .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
Pornography may use any of a variety of media , ranging from printed literature , photos , sculpture , drawing , painting , animation , sound recording , film , video , or video game .
RFC 4162 : '' Addition of SEED Cipher Suites to Transport Layer Security -LRB- TLS -RRB- '' .
Highbury & Islington station is a National Rail , London Overground , and London Underground station in the London Borough of Islington in north London .
Homewood is a city in southeastern Jefferson County , Alabama , United States .
Individuals who are deficient in leptin fail to initiate puberty . The levels of leptin increase with the onset of puberty , and then decline to adult levels when puberty is completed .
Cambes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Nighttime measurements fall near -150 ° C. Eros 's density is 2,400 kg/m3 , about the same as the density of Earth 's crust .
The Bathurst 1000 -LRB- currently called the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 -RRB- is a 1000 k touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Founded in 1891 , the Symphony makes its home at Orchestra Hall in Chicago and plays a summer season at the Ravinia Festival .
Doubt , a status between belief and , involves uncertainty or distrust or lack of sureness of an alleged fact , an action , a motive , or a decision .
Heliocheilus julia ranges from central New Mexico west to eastern Arizona and south to Jalisco , Mexico .
The intermediate -LRB- intercardinal , or ordinal -RRB- directions are north-east -LRB- NE -RRB- , north-west -LRB- NW -RRB- , south-west -LRB- SW -RRB- , and south-east -LRB- SE -RRB- .
GraySubject =
U.S. Route 25 is a north -- south United States highway that runs for 750 m from Brunswick , Georgia to the Ohio state line in Covington , Kentucky .
The territory became part of the Spanish Empire under the name of New Spain .
Its logo , a hollow potato named Sophia after the Gnostic deity , serves as a parody of Wikipedia 's globe logo .
Rebreuviette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Let There Be Rock is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC\/DC , released in March 1977 .
Stan Lee -LRB- born Stanley Martin Lieber ; December 28 , 1922 -RRB- is an American comic book writer , editor , actor , producer , publisher , television personality , and the former president and chairman of Marvel Comics .
Gameplay Round 1 At the back of the studio is the '' Golden Bank '' , a giant contraption like a lottery machine .
For the Spanish boxer , see Vicente Rodríguez -LRB- boxer -RRB- .
The actual colors shown differ , but many of the designs are based on the traditional scheme of red , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo and violet , or some more modern division of the rainbow spectrum -LRB- often excluding indigo , and sometimes including cyan instead -RRB- .
Many artists had studios or worked around the community of Montmartre such as Salvador Dalí , Modigliani , Claude Monet , Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh .
Holothuroidea are generally scavengers , feeding on debris in the benthic zone of the ocean .
Born in Asan , Chungcheongnam-do , Yun graduated with an M.A. from the University of Edinburgh in 1930 .
Early 20th century to present Economic recovery in the early 20th century was brought about by the silk and textile industry .
This is to be understood not as an eschewal of the enjoyment of life , but a recognition that spiritual and religious goals are impeded by such indulgence .
Boy -LRB- album -RRB- , by U2
He throws again and must move the points of the dice with 2 of his pieces .
The Hunza valley is situated to the north of the Hunza River , at an elevation of around .
Tylopoda
The county remains one of the oldest levels of government in China and significantly predates the establishment of provinces in the Yuan Dynasty -LRB- 1279 & ndash ; 1368 -RRB- .
Tabanac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He also made 20 appearances for England , scoring four goals .
Jane Bullard -LRB- Jessica Alba -RRB- enlists the support of Guru Maurice Pitka -LRB- Mike Myers -RRB- to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak .
An ardent admirer of Greece , Hadrian sought to make Athens the cultural capital of the empire and ordered the construction of many opulent temples in the city .
While disputed as historically accurate , one account stated that in order to placate American interests during the War of 1812 , a flag of the United States was raised over Kamehameha 's home only to be removed when British officers in the court of Kamehameha vehemently objected to it .
Inn District is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
OpenPGP is on the Internet Standards Track and is under active development . The current specification is RFC 4880 -LRB- November 2007 -RRB- , the successor to RFC 2440 .
Albacete Balompié , S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Albacete , in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha .
The 1934 -- 35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Rats are bigger than most Old World mice , which are their relatives , but seldom weigh over 500 grams -LRB- 1 lb -RRB- in the wild .
As of 2008 , he has appeared in over 100 feature films , including '' Chemistry 3 '' , a unique cinema verite reality production featuring adult stars in candid scenes , -LRB- winner of AVN 's Best Gonzo Release -RRB- and '' Upload '' , an adult sci-fi thriller and winner of AVN 's Best Video Feature for 2008 .
Julius Caesar -LRB- 100 & ndash ; 44 BC -RRB- , Roman general and dictator
Roger S. Goodell -LRB- born February 19 , 1959 -RRB- is the Commissioner of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- , having been chosen to succeed the retiring Paul Tagliabue on August 8 , 2006 .
Nitrites of the alkali and alkaline earth metals can be synthesized by reacting a mixture of nitrogen monoxide -LRB- NO -RRB- and nitrogen dioxide -LRB- NO2 -RRB- with a corresponding metal hydroxide solution , as well as through the thermal decomposition of the corresponding nitrate .
The philosophy of science is concerned with the assumptions , foundations , methods and implications of science .
He was a master of the basse de viol , and the leading French composer of music for the instrument .
ir - the Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei 's official website , Accessed 2009-04-06 Citation in the sixth paragraph from his speech : '' In some American magazines and '' Newsweek '' - which I sometimes read ''
Though Ulong had an early lead , Ibrehem had difficulty in swimming , thus giving another win for Koror .
His mother , Annie née Nicholson , was 30 years younger than Alexander .
Fra Angelico was born Guido di Pietro at Rupecanina , in the Tuscan area of Mugello , near Fiesole towards the end of the 14th century and died in Rome in 1455 .
He has also starred in several Hollywood films , including ' , The 40-Year-Old Virgin , Little Miss Sunshine , Evan Almighty , Dan in Real Life , Get Smart , and Date Night ; and voiced characters in the animated films Over the Hedge , Horton Hears a Who !
When a cryptosystem is vulnerable to chosen-ciphertext attack , implementers must be careful to avoid situations in which an adversary might be able to decrypt chosen-ciphertexts -LRB- i.e. , avoid providing a decryption oracle -RRB- .
On February 8 , 2009 , Rihanna 's scheduled performance at the 2009 Grammy Awards was canceled . Reports later surfaced regarding an alleged altercation with then-boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , who was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats .
The family includes Datura -LRB- Jimson weed -RRB- , Mandragora -LRB- mandrake -RRB- , belladonna -LRB- deadly nightshade -RRB- , Capsicum -LRB- paprika , chili pepper -RRB- , Solanum -LRB- potato , tomato , aubergine or eggplant -RRB- , Nicotiana -LRB- tobacco -RRB- , and Petunia -LRB- petunia -RRB- .
Béla Bartók was born in the small Banatian town of Nagyszentmiklós in Austria-Hungary -LRB- now Sânnicolau Mare , Romania -RRB- on March 25 , 1881 .
These units are part of the Siemens Desiro family .
The cryosphere is an integral part of the global climate system with important linkages and feedbacks generated through its influence on surface energy and moisture fluxes , clouds , precipitation , hydrology , atmospheric and oceanic circulation .
With lyrics by Henrik Lund and music composed by Jonathan Petersen , the anthem was officially adopted in 1916 .
Astronomical aberration is discovered by the astronomer James Bradley .
In 2005 its population was estimated to be 67,232 .
The feud between The Hardys -LRB- Matt and Jeff -RRB- and Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch began at Backlash .
One , known as the Nitro remix features rapper Nitro , while the other is known as the So So Def Remix with Lil ' Bow Wow , Da Brat , and Jermaine Dupri .
In general , lobsters are 25 cm to 50 cm long -LRB- 10 to 20 inches -RRB- and move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor .
Biography Nevin was born in 1862 , at Vineacre , on the banks of the Ohio , a few miles from Pittsburgh .
They joined the Football League in 1900 , and have competed in it continuously since 1905 .
Found at 10 -- 200 metres depth -LRB- with juveniles frequenting the shallower end of this range -RRB- , Pinecone fishes are nocturnal and form schools .
Rubidium forms salts with halides , making rubidium fluoride , rubidium chloride , rubidium bromide and rubidium iodide .
No official forecasts were issued for the system ; however the Atlantic Storm Prediction Centre issued marine gale warnings for the storm .
The British Navy started giving sailors lime juice to prevent scurvy in 1795 .
Meanwhile , Christmas visits his girlfriend , Lacy -LRB- Charisma Carpenter -RRB- , whom he discovers has left him for another man , who is actually abusive towards Lacy .
was the primordial Titan who supported the heavens .
In 1119 it was absorbed into the Guidi counts possessions .
The government may do things such as :
In 2004 , 14 years after their last album , the band at last released The Art of Dying on Nuclear Blast records .
Bernot is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Clara Ann Fowler -LRB- born November 8 , 1927 -RRB- , known by her professional name Patti Page , is an American singer , one of the best-known female artists in traditional pop music .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
Melbourne is ranked among the top 3 universities in Australia .
The first performance was in 1642 at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo , Venice .
The child prodigy began performing before audiences at age five , and performed for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Dwight D. Eisenhower when he was seven .
Saint-Andr é - Goule-d ` Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Callisto is a moon of the planet Jupiter , -LRB- , named after the Greek mythological figure of Callisto , -RRB- . It was discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei .
It was discovered in 1906 by August Kopff , and was the second Trojan to be discovered .
According to a 2006 issue of Metal Hammer magazine , they are the most successful British heavy metal band since Iron Maiden .
Danbury is a city in Woodbury County , Iowa , United States .
Eisenstein taught film-making during his career at GIK where he wrote the curricula for the directors ' course ; his classroom illustrations are reproduced in Vladimir NizhniÄ 's Lessons with Eisenstein .
It is bordered by Rhode Island and Connecticut to the south , New York to the west , and Vermont and New Hampshire to the north ; at its east lies the Atlantic Ocean .
The racial makeup of the county was 97.76 % White , 0.13 % Black or African American , 0.78 % Native American , 0.20 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.24 % from other races , and 0.88 % from two or more races .
Sixty three other trams built at Portswood 1908-31 Twelve trams built at Portswood in 1931 , known as the '' Pullmans '' .
While executing a loop near Chuuk , the tropical depression intensified into Tropical Storm Tip , though the storm failed to organize significantly due to the influence of Tropical Storm Roger .
The era of piracy in the Caribbean Sea began in the 16th century and died out in the 1720s after the navies of the nations of Western Europe with colonies in the Caribbean began combating pirates .
In winning the FA Cup , Benítez became the only manager in the history of Liverpool Football Club to win major trophies in both of his first two seasons at the club .
The Whig Party counted among its members such national political luminaries as Daniel Webster , William Henry Harrison , and their preeminent leader , Henry Clay of Kentucky .
He remained in office in 1761 , when Pitt -LRB- by then created Earl of Chatham -RRB- resigned upon the question of the war with Spain , and subsequently functioned as Leader of the House of Commons in the administration of Lord Bute .
It is built on igneous rock in a small enclave , sandwiched between steep cliffs that are unsuitable for building .
His father had hopes for him as a jockey , and just after his mother died , his father sent him to live with Basil Foster to train .
Other accounts , usually reported in the Thai\/Asian media , said that Chaiyo had gained the rights to those six shows everywhere outside Japan .
A bushfire is a fire that occurs in the bush -LRB- collective term for scrub , woodland or grassland of Australia , New Zealand , New Caledonia -RRB- .
Boing Boing - Gallery : An illustrated history of the transoceanic cable 1936 -- Coaxial cable laid by the General Post Office -LRB- now BT -RRB- between London and Birmingham , providing 40 telephone channels .
An oligotroph is an organism that can live in an environment that offers very low levels of nutrients .
Chet wore the mask -LRB- or half of it -RRB- in Split Personality which was also his only appearance .
About 2.5 million speakers live outside present-day Hungary , but in areas that were part of the Kingdom of Hungary before the Treaty of Trianon -LRB-/O1920/O-RRB- .
He was one of the Busby Babes , the young United team formed under manager Matt Busby in the mid 1950s , and one of eight players who died as a result of the Munich air disaster .
Clarissa Harlowe '' Clara '' Barton -LRB- December 25 , 1821 -- April 12 , 1912 -RRB- was a pioneer American teacher , nurse , and humanitarian .
2009 .
David Boris Pall -LRB- 2 April 1914 - 21 September 2004 -RRB- , founder of Pall Corporation , was the chemist who invented the Pall filter used in blood transfusions .
The airline was acquired by America West Airlines in 2005 , with the new airline retaining the US Airways name . The name choice was based on studies indicating that the US Airways name had better brand recognition worldwide than the America West name .
Described by Victor Hugo as a '' gigantic and delicate marvel '' , '' Prodige du gigantesque et du délicat '' .
Previously , the county had been a part of the Mississippi territory until 1817 when the area passed into the Alabama territory .
Monophysitism -LRB- from the Greek monos meaning ` one , alone ' and physis meaning ` nature ' -RRB- , or Monophysiticism , is the Christological position that Christ has only one nature , his humanity being absorbed by his Deity , as opposed to the Chalcedonian position which holds that Christ maintains two natures , one divine and one human .
Early life Sorbo was born in Mound , Minnesota , where he attended Mound Westonka High School .
Gwar is a two-time Grammy Award-nominated shock rock band formed in Richmond , Virginia , in 1984 .
Assenay is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
Lassalle himself , however , had other plans and got himself transferred to university , first in Breslau and afterwards in Berlin .
Plumeria clusioides
Has 463 inhabitants and is located approximately 1160 meters above the sea , the town is located in what is known as the Mixe area high north , and has an indigenous language is Mixe -LRB- ayöök -RRB- but also people originally from this community dominated the Castilian .
The sea is technically a part of the Atlantic Ocean , although it is usually identified as a completely separate body of water .
The Brentwood regatta is the largest high school rowing regatta in North America , attracting over 1500 athletes and 3000 spectators .
The cathedral has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site along with nearby Durham Castle , which faces it across Palace Green , high above the River Wear .
However , he had to miss the final four rounds of the season after breaking a collarbone during training , leaving him outside the championship top 10 .
Adventures in Odyssey -LRB- AIO -RRB- , or simply Odyssey , is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama\/comedy series created by Focus on the Family in 1987 .
Ozan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
According to the U.S. News & World Report , The Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , home to the Pulitzer Prize , ranks # 1 .
In this article -LRB- O. S -RRB- is used to annotate Julian dates with the year adjusted to 1 January .
Olimar is able to pluck new Pikmin from the ground at any time , and he can have up to six with him at once .
Topkap Palace is among those monuments belonging to the '' Historic Areas of Istanbul '' , which became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985 , and is described in Criterion iv as '' the best example s of ensembles of palaces ... of the Ottoman period . ''
Garcilaso de la Vega -LRB- c. 1501 â '' October 14 , 1536 -RRB- was a Spanish soldier and poet .
St. Ignatius was Bishop of Antioch after Saint Peter and St. Evodius -LRB- who died around AD 67 -RRB- .
The Angels have been based in Angel Stadium of Anaheim since 1966 .
The franchise was poor to mediocre for most of its first 13 seasons , only making the playoffs once .
Titania is the largest of the moons of Uranus and the eighth largest moon in the Solar System .
wiki , accounts that are both more than four days old and have made at least 10 edits are considered autoconfirmed .
Historically , Malay has been written using various scripts .
V is a village and municipality -LRB- obec -RRB- in Havlí k v Brod District in the Vyso ina Region of the Czech Republic .
Earth , Wind & Fire , Eric Burdon & War , Tower of Power , Average White Band , The Ohio Players , The Commodores , Kool & the Gang and Cameo , though many of these most famous bands in the genre also played disco and soul extensively .
Associazione Calcio Legnano was an Italian football club , based in Legnano , Lombardy , that was founded in 1913 .
The Province of Perugia is the larger of the two provinces in the Umbria region of Italy , comprising two-thirds of both the area and population of the region . Its capital is the city of Perugia .
As the most important divinity in Ancient Rome , many temples were built to honor Jupiter or the entire Capitoline Triad -LRB- consisting of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva -RRB- in towns newly conquered by the Romans .
The focus of excavations has been at Pinnacle Point Cave 13B -LRB- PP13B -RRB- where the earliest evidence for the systematic exploitation of marine resources -LRB- shellfish -RRB- and symbolic behavior have been documented -LRB- Marean et al. , 2007 -RRB- and at Pinnacle Point Cave 5-6 , where the oldest evidence for the heat treatment of rock to make stone tools has been documented -LRB- Brown et al. , 2009 -RRB- .
The oldest ever verified military veteran is Emiliano Mercado del Toro of Puerto Rico -LRB- 21 August 1891 -- 24 January 2007 -RRB- who lived until he was 115 .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period -LRB- c. 2000 BC to 250 AD -RRB- , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period -LRB- c. 250 AD to 900 AD -RRB- , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Daegu is served by Daegu Airport -LRB- international\/domestic -RRB- located in northeastern Daegu .
He was the author of many hymns , including '' Amazing Grace , '' and '' Glorious Things of Thee are Spoken . ''
What is body modification ?
January 29 & ndash ; WWII : The Battle of Cisterna takes place .
Some other grammatical numbers present in various languages include trial -LRB- for three objects -RRB- and paucal -LRB- for a few objects -RRB- .
ISO 3166-2 : BR is the entry in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization -LRB- ISO -RRB- , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions of Brazil -LRB- whose ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code is BR -RRB- .
Thus a string longer than 500 is always considered to be '' longer '' , even if it is compared with the '' correct '' length value .
In Duck Hunt , players utilize the Nintendo Zapper Light Gun that must be plugged into their NES consoles , and attempt to shoot down either ducks or clay pigeons in mid-flight .
Northvegr - Holy Language Lexicon Similarly , the Latin word codex , meaning a book in the modern sense -LRB- bound and with separate leaves -RRB- , originally meant '' block of wood . ''
Virtually all browser plugins for video are free of charge and cross-platform , including Adobe 's offering of Flash Video , which was first introduced with Flash version 6 . Flash Video has been a popular choice for websites due to the large installed user base and programmability of Flash .
East Finchley , North London , England
He is also called James the Greater to distinguish him from James , son of Alphaeus , who is also known as James the Less .
The Kingdom of Tungning was a Han Chinese government which ruled Taiwan , between 1661 and 1683 .
The group includes the slowworms , glass lizards , and alligator lizards , among others .
BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h was eventually released from prison but ordered into exile , and ` Abdu ` l-Bah Ã then eight joined his father on the journey to Baghdad in the winter -LRB- January to April -RRB- of 1853 .
In 1906 , Percival Lowell , a wealthy Bostonian who had founded the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Arizona in 1894 , started an extensive project in search of a possible ninth planet , which he termed '' Planet X '' .
See Thomas F. Oltmanns , Robert E. Emery , & Steven Taylor , Abnormal Psychology , Canadian Edition , Prentice Hall , Toronto ,2002 , P. 713 .
Every place south of the Antarctic Circle experiences a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous daylight at least once per year , and a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous night time at least once per year .
, and later definitions of an ecumenical council appear to conform to this sole biblical Council , no Christian church calls it a mere ecumenical council , instead it is called the '' Apostolic Council '' or '' Council of Jerusalem '' .
The Voyager program is a series of U.S. unmanned space missions that consists of a pair of unmanned scientific probes , Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 .
However , the number of generations only gives a maximum figure as not all cells survive in each generation .
Oyens is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States .
Stephen McClaren -LRB- born 3 May 1961 -RRB- is an English football manager and former player .
Asia In Korea , the Sambyeolcho Rebellion begins against the Goryeo Dynasty , a puppet government of the Mongol Empire .
Status of Q , W , X The Turkish alphabet has no Q , W or X. Instead , these are transliterated into Turkish as K , V , and KS , respectively .
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s , the club generally floated between 4th , 5th and 6th position in the league , until they took the league title back in 1963 -- 64 .
LASK Linz is an Austrian football club , from the Upper-Austrian state capital Linz .
HMS Malaya , a Queen Elizabeth class battleship of the Royal Navy Oxana Malaya -LRB- born 1983 -RRB- , a feral child that lived most of her life in the company of dogs , picking a number of their habits .
Norton Internet Security -LRB- Windows versions -RRB- is criticized for not uninstalling completely , leaving unnecessary files and registry entries .
GoboLinux An alternative distribution which redefines the file system hierarchy by installing everything belonging to one application in one folder under / Programs , and using symlinks from / System and its subfolders to point to the proper files .
History The area was inhabited by the Mpongwé tribe long before the French acquired the land in 1839 .
It was founded where the nascent Sydney to Melbourne road crossed water in the form of the Yass River .
In late 1990 , shortly after the band 's first nationwide tour , Sobrante left the East Bay area to attend college .
After defeating the Atlanta Falcons and the Carolina Panthers in the first two rounds of the NFC playoffs , the Cardinals defeated the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC Championship on January 18 , 2009 and advanced to the Super Bowl for the first time in franchise history to face the Pittsburgh Steelers , where Whisenhunt formerly occupied the post of offensive coordinator .
Albert '' Al '' Hirschfeld -LRB- June 21 , 1903 â '' January 20 , 2003 -RRB- was an American caricaturist best known for his simple black and white portraits of celebrities and Broadway stars .
Most real programs fall somewhere on a continuum between Task parallelism and Data parallelism .
Following the battle of Crete in the summer of 1941 , the Royal Navy regained its ascendancy in the central Mediterranean in a series of successful convoy attacks , -LRB- Duisburg convoy , Cap Bon -RRB- until the events surrounding the First Battle of Sirte and the Raid on Alexandria in December swung the balance of power in the Axis favor .
Gnome , a villain appearing in the Marvel Comics series Nightmask
The series is one of the most popular European comics of the 20th century , with translations published in more than 50 languages and more than 200 million copies of the books sold to date .
Meanwhile , the Duke threatens to Zidler that he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his .
Buzz Buzz is later killed by Pokey 's mom , who mistakes Buzz Buzz for a dung beetle .
Douglas Garven Alexander -LRB- born 26 October 1967 -RRB- is a British politician who is Secretary of State for International Development .
See Interstate 880 for the American freeway
Eminence ,
Loupiac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
On the other hand , there are over 77,000 well-identified species of air-breathing chelicerates , and there may be about 500,000 unidentified species .
Grammar is a collection of the rules about how to speak and write well in a language .
He became favorite in the 1997 Tour de France .
He even had to mortgage his house to help finance the film 's production , which eventually ran up a total cost of $ 1,488,422.74 , a massive sum for a feature film in 1937 .
A rare exception is a case of Renal tubular acidosis purportedly caused by expired tetracycline .
Bedford is an independent city located within the confines of Bedford County in the U.S. state of Virginia .
It is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble .
Her pseudonym recalls the 1928 novel Belle de jour by Joseph Kessel and the 1967 film of the same name starring Catherine Deneuve , directed by Luis BuÃ uel .
However , since the 1980s , the state government has realized that tourism is a lucrative industry , and more money is being poured into the construction of tourist resorts , and restoring colonial buildings in major cities .
There are now , in the U.S. , 24,000 megawatts of wind generating capacity online , but there is '' a staggering 225,000 megawatts of '' planned wind farms '' ;
Noves is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
Sturt National Park was featured in British documentary called Planet Earth .
Harris co-wrote and produced two songs on Kylies ' X album ; ` In My Arms ' and ` Heart Beat Rock ' .
Baseball reaction Veeck had hoped that Delsing would go on to score in a one-run Browns victory , but he ended up stranded at third base and the Tigers went on to win the game 6 2 .
Garuda , a divine bird in Hindu and Buddhist mythology
Titled Being Gardner Dozois , it covered each published piece of fiction Dozois ever wrote .
Through the process of follicular miniaturization , hair shaft width is progressively decreased until scalp hair resembles fragile vellus hair or '' peach fuzz '' or else becomes non-existent .
East Midlands Trains provide a limited direct Summer service to London St Pancras along the Midland Main Line via Sheffield and Leicester .
List of books for school works of children age 15-17 in German schools , especially recommended for passing the final exams , listing the '' Captain of Köpenick '' -LRB- nr .11 on the list -RRB- In modern Germany the laws frown upon considering a person as a criminal after finishing the prison sentence , especially in cases of rather minor crimes not involving violence and injuries .
In January 2009 , The Saturdays released their third single '' Issues '' .
He is often called the '' father of the atomic bomb '' for his role as the scientific director of the Manhattan Project , the World War II project that developed the first nuclear weapons .
John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury PC , FRS -LRB- 30 April 1834 -- 28 May 1913 -RRB- , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Bt from 1865 until 1900 , was an English banker , biologist , archaeologist and Liberal politician .
Some scientists even concluded that life may have begun on Earth in hydrothermal vents far under the ocean 's surface .
Early in his life he was a vagabond and petty criminal , but later took to writing .
Among these are student housing ; food service ; health , wellness and counseling ; activities , organizations and leadership development ; recreation and intramurals .
A colossal theater , able to contain nearly 10,000 spectators , has benches embedded in the flanks of the hill .
Marulanda was born in a coffee-growing region of west-central Colombia in the QuindÃ o Department , to a peasant family politically aligned with the Liberal Party during conflicts in the 1940s and 1950s .
Another term sometimes applied to the same general region is '' the heartland '' . Other designations for the region have fallen into disuse , such as the '' Northwest '' or '' Old Northwest '' -LRB- from '' Northwest Territory '' -RRB- and '' Mid-America '' .
However on 9 December an agreement was reached with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone ensuring that the track would host the British Grand Prix until 2009 after which Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix .
Barsac is a commune on the left bank of the Garonne river in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
2011 -LRB- MMXI -RRB- is the current year , which is a common year that started on a Saturday .
The Quad Cities also consists of neighboring Bettendorf and the Illinois cities of Moline , East Moline , and Rock Island and has a population of 379,690 .
Évrecy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The album was first released on 2 March 2011 through RCA Records -LRB- Sony Music -RRB- .
This is also called the period between the wars or interbellum .
Coincidentally , Johor is the most southern point of the Asian continental mainland .
Mark Twain composed the story in pen on notepaper between 1876 and 1883 .
Serial numbers are valuable in quality control , as once a defect is found in the production of a particular batch of product , the serial number will quickly identify which units are affected .
On December 12 , 2001 , Ryder was arrested on shoplifting charges in Beverly Hills , California .
By 1910 , the French were drinking 36 million litres of absinthe per year -LRB- compared to their consumption of almost 5 billion litres of wine -RRB- .
His work of this period , unlike earlier and later work , is politically neutral and resulted in stories such as The Secret of the Unicorn and Red Rackham 's Treasure ; but the apocalyptic The Shooting Star reflects the foreboding Hergé felt during this uncertain political period .
Despite the clerical origin of many of its authors , medieval Latin should not be confused with Ecclesiastical Latin .
Gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 and released on September 2 , 1955 , was the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey , who went on to create the classic series Gumby and Davey and Goliath using the same technique .
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
Noyelles-lès-Vermelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Verrocchio was born in Florence in 1435 to Michele di Francesco Cioni , who worked as a tile and brick maker and , later , as a tax collector .
Named after the 16th-century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria , the ship had a gross register tonnage of 29,100 and a capacity of about 1,200 passengers and 500 crew .
Many students also commute to nearby Arizona State University in Tempe .
The Free State -LRB- , ; before 1995 , the Orange Free State -RRB- is a province of South Africa .
Associazione Calcio Nuova Valdagno is an Italian association football club located in Valdagno , Veneto .
Act of Union 1707 , Article 22 .
Especially , limescale
85 Io -LRB- eye-oh -RRB- is a large , dark main-belt asteroid of the C spectral class .
Maurizio Giuliano was born on 24 February 1975 , with a lawyer as a father and a housewife as a mother .
A pinhole camera 's shutter is usually manually operated because of the lengthy exposure times , and consists of a flap of some light-proof material to cover and uncover the pinhole .
To provide his citizens with wives , Romulus invited the neighboring tribes to a festival in Rome where he abducted the young women from amongst them -LRB- known as The Rape of the Sabine Women -RRB- .
Le Faulq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Puyvert is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
FBI FOIA Reading Room Files of the '' Norjak '' D.B. Cooper Case D.B. Cooper Memorial At Find A Grave Check-Six .
The piece was a winner of the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art 's '' Awards in the Visual Arts '' competition , which is sponsored in part by the National Endowment for the Arts , a United States Government agency that offers support and funding for artistic projects .
Kilmarnock 's traditional industries were based around textiles and heavy engineering : e.g. locomotives -LRB- Andrew Barclay and Sons -RRB- from 1837 , and valves -LRB- Glenfield and Kennedy -RRB- , which are still in production .
He also appears frequently in the Star Wars '' Expanded Universe '' of novels , comic books , and video games , including a series of novels in which he is the protagonist .
Background The Draft was announced by WWE Chairman Vince McMahon on the May 26 , 2008 episode of Raw .
It stretches over an area of about 14,000 kmÂ .
Wiley 's Well is also a highly popular rockhounding site , beginning in the 1930s with the discovery of geode beds .
Find the mean of the squared deviations .
Ununpentium -LRB- -RRB- is the temporary name of a synthetic superheavy element in the periodic table that has the temporary symbol Uup and has the atomic number 115 .
Carrot cake may be eaten plain , but it is commonly either glazed or topped with white icing or cream cheese icing and walnuts , usually chopped .
Analingus refers to oral stimulation of a person 's anus .
The planned Qatar -- Bahrain Friendship Bridge will link Bahrain to Qatar as the longest fixed link in the world .
On-screen , Guerrero responded to Bischoff 's actions by forming the Latino World Order -LRB- LWO -RRB- , which was a take-off of Bischoff 's New World Order .
He was the director of the Cavendish Laboratory , Cambridge , when the epochal discovery of the structure of DNA was made by James D. Watson and Francis Crick in February 1953 .
A half sibling that shares the same mother -LRB- but different fathers -RRB- is known as a uterine sibling , whereas one that shares the same father is known as an agnate sibling .
1977 & ndash ; Rings of Uranus : Astronomers discover rings around Uranus .
Actual use , or typical use effectiveness rates are of all condom users , including those who use condoms incorrectly or do not use condoms at every act of intercourse .
There is scholarly thought that man already had fire , and it was taken away by Zeus .
It was established in the 17th century as a trading post for the English East India Company , but later grew to encompass much of western and central India , as well as parts of post-partition Pakistan and the Arabian Peninsula .
Pricing of certain services -LRB- Air Traffic Control , Landing fees etc -RRB-
Professor Tim Flannery -LRB- born 28 January 1956 -RRB- is an Australian mammalogist , palaeontologist , environmentalist and global warming activist .
Duval , the Reverend consents to her visiting Lady Howard 's home , Howard Grove , on an extended holiday .
Gosport is located at .
Yet others are burrowing animals , or ground-dwellers .
It is a musical portrait of Manon Gropius , depicting her as a carefree , young girl .
During World War I , Norway was a neutral country .
When he was a child his family moved to Vienna where Lorre attended school .
Scunthorpe United Football Club is an English association football team based in the town of Scunthorpe , North Lincolnshire .
Görlitz -LRB- -RRB- is a district -LRB- Kreis -RRB- in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
2005 & ndash ; West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 crashes near Machiques , Venezuela , killing the 160 aboard .
Gavrus is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Musée d'Orsay -LRB- -RRB- is a museum in Paris , France , on the left bank of the Seine , housed in the former railway station , the Gare d'Orsay , an impressive Beaux-Arts edifice built between 1898 and 1900 .
Sheep Husbandry in Canada , p. 124 -LRB- 1911 -RRB- .
The opera tells how Leonore , disguised as a prison guard named '' Fidelio '' , rescues her husband Florestan from death in a political prison .
Rhinoceros horns are used in traditional Asian medicine , and for dagger handles in Yemen and Oman .
Call of Duty 3 is a World War II first-person shooter and the third installment in the Call of Duty video game series .
Benoit would soon gain control over Michaels when he applied his signature hold the Crippler Crossface .
The first part , the Mahatmya Khanda or section on the goddess is concerned with the origin , mantra and yantra of the goddess Tripura , also known as Lalita or Lalita Tripurasundari .
The folder is opened to access the matches , which are attached in a comb-like arrangement and must be torn away before use in contrast to a matchbox where the matches are loosely packed in the interior tray .
The first official deployment of 12 Group 's Big Wing took twenty minutes to gain formation , missing its intended target , but encountering another formation of bombers while still climbing .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus -LRB- ; see also List of Greek place names -RRB- is a large peninsula -LRB- technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal -RRB- and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
Introduced to India by the Portuguese , the chili\/paprika from South America is today an integral part of Indian cuisine .
The documents showed that Mortensen filed for divorce from Gladys on March 5 , 1927 , and it was finalized on October 15 , 1928 .
Mellor dated former Coronation Street actress Angela Griffin .
Daniel Cudmore as Peter Rasputin \/O/ Colossus : He can transform his skin into an organic steel , granting superhuman strength and a resistance to damage and temperature .
The '' East Beach Café '' is a building on Littlehampton Sea Front , West Sussex , UK created by Heatherwick .
Jessica Jung -LRB- Korean name : Jung Su-yeon ; ; Hanja : é ç å ; born April 18 , 1989 -RRB- , better known by her first name Jessica , is an American singer , dancer , actress and model .
During the dance , the women play a variety of games .
She was born in Monticello , near Charlottesville , Virginia and was named in honor of her mother and name of Martha Washington , wife of George Washington .
Gondwana began to break up in the mid-Jurassic -LRB- about 167 million years ago -RRB- , when East Gondwana , comprising Antarctica , Madagascar , India and Australia , began to separate from Africa .
Disagreement over what constitutes a religion , race , sexual preference , or ethnicity is not a legitimate excuse .
DaubÃ ze is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
She married Abraham Van Buren on November 27 , 1838 , in Wedgefield .
His films have earned him an Academy Award , a Golden Globe , a BAFTA and a Palme d'Or and he has been nominated for Emmy and Grammy awards .
Sarthe is a French department , named after the Sarthe River .
History Population The municipality had , in the last national census -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , a total population of 34,478 : 17,663 men and 16,815 women .
; Syntax : where the optional parameter N is the desired number of consecutive non-breaking spaces -LRB- numeric , with a range of 1 to 15 -RRB- .
617 Patroclus is a binary minor planet made up of two similarly-sized objects orbiting their common center of gravity .
Baker played the Piedmont Blues for ninety years , starting at the age of three when she could not even hold the guitar properly . She was taught by her father , Boone Reid , who was also a long time player of the Piedmont Blues on several instruments .
Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
During the 10th and 11th centuries , the cathedral clergy became more definitely organized , and were divided into two classes .
Townshend was ranked # 3 in Dave Marsh 's list of Best Guitarists in The New Book of Rock Lists , # 10 in Gibson.com 's list of the top fifty guitarists , and # 50 in Rolling Stone magazine 's 2003 list : 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time .
A memoir -LRB- from the French : mÃ moire from the Latin memoria , meaning '' memory '' , or a reminiscence -RRB- , is a literary genre , forming a subclass of autobiography â '' although the terms ` memoir ' and ` autobiography ' are almost interchangeable .
The station is broadcast from a dedicated building shared with Radio 1 , Yalding House in central London , part of the BBC 's sprawling Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
Raymond Roseliep -LRB- August 11 , 1917 -- December 6 , 1983 -RRB- was a poet and contemporary master of the English haiku and Catholic priest .
The average hurricane season has about two Cape Verde-type hurricanes , which are usually the most intense storms of the season because they often have plenty of warm open ocean over which to develop before encountering land .
UPN shut down on September 15 , 2006 , and merged with The WB to form The CW Television Network .
Dufay was to remain in Cambrai through the 1440s , and during this time he was also in the service of the Duke of Burgundy .
Construction started in 1937 , and was terminated by the German invasion in 1941 .
His published works in these fields date back to 1944 .
Viva la Vida was released to critical acclaim and commercial success .
Many thought their championship drought between 1918 and 2004 was caused by the '' Curse of the Bambino , '' said to have been caused by the trade of Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees in 1920 .
1745 & ndash ; Charles Edward Stewart 's army reaches Derby , its furthest point during the second Jacobite Rising .
This makes it essential to focus critically on the most important part of the subject , as elements that are even a millimetre closer or farther from the focal plane might be noticeably blurry .
The information maintained by an archivist can be any form of media -LRB- photographs , video or sound recordings , letters , documents , electronic records , etc. -RRB- .
The French changed the spelling to bataillon , whereupon it directly entered into German .
He is the son of the former Conservative Cabinet minister Angus Maude .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit -LRB- otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit -RRB- is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
Aside from this , its ideology is similar to many Christian Identity groups , in the conviction that there is a Jewish conspiracy in control of the United States government , international banking , and the media .
Heart of Midlothian Football Club -LRB- more commonly known as simply Hearts -RRB- are a Scottish football club from Edinburgh who currently play in the Scottish Premier League .
In 1 Samuel 9:6 -20 , Samuel is seen as a local â seer .
A payment is usually made in exchange for the provision of goods , services or both , or to fulfill a legal obligation .
On 31 December 2010 , the EBU confirmed forty-three countries will be competing in the 2011 Contest .
A louver -LRB- American English -RRB- or louvre -LRB- British English -RRB- , from the French l'ouvert ; '' the open one '' -RRB- is a window , blind or shutter with horizontal or , less often , vertical slats , that are angled to admit light and air , but to keep out rain , direct sunshine , and noise .
Robin 's egg blue is a color named after the bird 's eggs .
This characteristic distinguishes it from the similar practice of free running , which places more emphasis on freedom of movement and creativity .
It can also mean the conversion of a written source into another medium , as by scanning books and making digital versions .
If this loss is employed as useful heat , for industrial processes or district heating , the power plant is referred to as a cogeneration power plant or CHP -LRB- combined heat-and-power -RRB- plant .
It is not used to describe HTML webpages that are not part of the Internet .
The Associated Broadcasting Company -LRB- TV5 -RRB- is a television network in the Philippines , with main broadcast facilities and transmitter located at 762 Quirino Highway , San Bartolome , Novaliches , Quezon City .
In 1812 , Mohs became professor in Graz ; in 1818 , professor in Freiberg , Saxony ; in 1826 , professor in Vienna .
It was resurrected 10 years later and has been published regularly since then .
BÃ ttwil is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Ruislip , opened March 1 , 1910 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line October 23 , 1933 -LRB- some trains terminate here in Monday-Friday peak hours -RRB- .
Winter apples , picked in late autumn and stored just above freezing , have been an important food in Asia and Europe for millennia , as well as in Argentina and in the United States since the arrival of Europeans .
Ruillé-le-Gravelais is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Tropical Storm Bret was a short-lived tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season that made landfall in the Mexican state of Veracruz , the first of four during the season .
Today , there are approximately between 1.5 to 2.5 million believers in forty eight countries and six continents .
Beef & Tomato
Upon winning Idol , he was signed to Arista Records , under which his self-titled major label debut was released on December 12 , 2006 .
Instead of being a straight port from Super Mario Bros. with graphical changes , All Night Nippon Super Mario Bros. combined variations of levels from Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels and Super Mario Bros./O.
The north-western coast is largely rocky , with a few beaches , while the north-eastern coast has numerous small cays of its coast -LRB- part of Sabana-Camaguey Archipelago -RRB- , and scrubland and mangroves near the shoreline .
The circulation closed off once again on the afternoon of August 5 south of Bermuda , and Colin was once again a tropical storm .
St Albans Cathedral -LRB- formerly St Albans Abbey , officially The Cathedral and Abbey Church of St Alban -RRB- is a Church of England Cathedral church at St Albans , England .
Fisher and Stahl asked Mandel to create a show based on Mandel 's stand-up comedy routines using the Bobby character .
It is the brother school of the City of London School for Girls -LRB- a girls ' school within the City -RRB- and the co-educational City of London Freemen 's School -LRB- a day and boarding school in Surrey -RRB- .
Keane In 1995 he asked his friend Tim Rice-Oxley to form a band to play covers from U2 , Oasis and The Beatles .
However , soon this town was abandoned and the people moved to the east and in 1578 a new town was founded with the Taíno name of the region , Bayajá .
Bowling for Soup -LRB- often typeset as Â Bowling for Soup ! or abbreviated as BFS -RRB- is an American pop-punk band which originally formed in Wichita Falls , Texas in 1994 .
A related notion is that of identity capital , developed by .
It is the largest church in the state of Indiana , and in 2007 was the 20th largest in the United States .
Tarik Oulida -LRB- born January 19 , 1974 in Amsterdam , Noord-Holland -RRB- is a football midfielder from the Netherlands with Moroccan roots .
The political , scientific , and social fictional setting of Herbert 's novels and derivative works is known as the Dune universe , or Duniverse .
Also , in the 1801 and 1802 editions , Belinda almost marries Mr. Vincent , a rich West Indian Creole ; in the 1810 edition , Belinda only esteems him and never agrees to marry him .
Longuemare 's Sunangel -LRB- Heliangelus clarisse -RRB- is a species of hummingbird found in Venezuela and northeastern Colombia .
Games are distinct from work , which is usually carried out for , and from art , which is more concerned with the expression of ideas .
The Moth -LRB-/O1997/O-RRB- -LRB- TV -RRB-
Lt. General William H. Tunner , Jr. -LRB- July 14 1906 - April 6 1983 -RRB- was a American General in the United States Army Air Corps -LRB- USAAF -RRB- and later , the United States Air Force -LRB- USAF -RRB- .
The name Volkswagen Caddy has been used by the Volkswagen Group to describe four different Caddy models :
The hurricane also wrecked 107 schools .
Hotot-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Town of Ithaca contains the Village of Cayuga Heights , a small incorporated upper-middle class suburb located to the northeast of the City of Ithaca . The City of Ithaca has a mayor-council government .
Josef Dieter '' Sepp '' Maier -LRB- born 28 February 1944 -RRB- is a German former professional football goalkeeper .
This flag for the city of Vincennes , Indiana , albeit somewhat unofficial , is used by several areas around the city .
The Dual Monarchy had existed for 51 years when it dissolved on October 31 , 1918 following military defeat in the First World War .
The following are common factors that influence lucid dreaming and techniques that people use to help achieve a lucid dream : Dream recall is the ability to remember dreams .
It became a symbol of the resistance to the English rule of British-occupied Indian Empire of the Republic of India , Pakistan , Bangladesh .
The group recorded and performed from 1965 to 1968 with a short reunion in 1971 , releasing five albums and 11 Top 40 hit singles .
After Khomeini gained power , skirmishes between Iraq and revolutionary Iran occurred for ten months over the sovereignty of the disputed Shatt al-Arab waterway , which divides the two countries .
It covers an approximate area of 2.5 million km -LRB- 965,000 sq mi -RRB- , but its connection to the Atlantic -LRB- the Strait of Gibraltar -RRB- is only wide .
New York Times , Section B , Page 9 Stebbins received his Ph. D. in botany from Harvard University in 1931 .
An IRC operator -LRB- often abbreviated as IRCop or oper -RRB- is a user on an Internet Relay Chat network who has privileged access .
Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound with the formula NaF .
Ceremonial Oath was a Swedish death metal band who formed in early 1989 under the name '' Desecrator '' and disbanded in 1995 .
The Dhund Abbasi are a tribe of northern Pakistan .
Wolfgang-Felix Magath -LRB- born 26 July 1953 -RRB- is a former German football central midfielder and current manager of VFL Wolfsburg .
The journal was founded by William Phillips , Philip Rahv , and Sender Garlin .
The main branch of the Gupta dynasty ruled the Gupta Empire in India , from around 320 to 550 .
Starting as the underdog in the 1968 presidential election , running against ambassador Gunnar Thoroddsen who initially had a 70 % lead in the opinion polls , EldjÃ rn won 65.6 % of the vote on a 92.2 % voter turnout .
Jon Stewart -LRB- born Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz ; November 28 , 1962 -RRB- is an American political satirist , writer , television host , actor , media critic and stand-up comedian .
Paterson was the first governor of New York to be partly blind .
Bob Jones University Museum and Gallery , a collection of religious art , is located on the campus of Bob Jones University .
GrÃ asque is a commune northeast of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southern France .
The Asuka period , was a period in the history of Japan lasting from 538 to 710 -LRB- or 592-645 -RRB- , although its beginning could be said to overlap with the preceding Kofun period .
August 18 -- August 19 , 1977 : Hurricane Doreen dissipated off the coast of California .
Despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to modulate , it is not entirely uncommon in keyboard music , as in the sonatas of Scriabin .
Give us this day our daily bread .
He destroys their raft and Geppetto almost drowns , only to be saved by Pinocchio who tries to swim him to the shore .
Presentation is the practice of showing and explaining the content of a topic to an audience or learner .
Often , stylized theatrical costumes can exaggerate some aspect of a character ; for example Harlequin and Pantaloon in the Commedia dell ` Arte .
The Acura brand has been used in the US , Canada , and Hong Kong since March 1986 to market Honda 's luxury and performance vehicles and near-performance vehicles .
In 1749 , Pope Benedict XIV endorsed as official Church policy the view that the Colosseum was a sacred site where early Christians had been martyred .
Richlawn is a city in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Robert Lane '' Bob '' Saget -LRB- born May 17 , 1956 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and television host .
Giraldo was a regular on Comedy Central 's television series Lewis Black 's Root of All Evil .
Acura revs up the TL for '09 The Acura brand has been used in the US , Canada , and Hong Kong since March 1986 to market Honda 's luxury and performance vehicles and near-performance vehicles .
It interprets information from visible light to build a representation of the surrounding world .
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1640s/50s 1660s/70s 1680s/1690s 1700s/10s 1720s/30s Storms Year Location Date Deaths Damage/Notes 1680 Martinique August 3 Many 22 Ships lost 1680 Dominican Republic August 15 Many 25 + Ships lost 1681 St. Kitts and Nevis September 6 N/A At least one house blown down .
cityofbirth = Falkenberg
Before a mutual solution could be devised , the mosque was destroyed by approximately 200,000 Hindu extremists on December 6 , 1992 as the mosque was built by Babur allegedly on the site of a previous Hindu temple marking the birthplace of Ram .
Turtles are reptiles of the order Testudines -LRB- the crown group of the superorder Chelonia -RRB- , characterised by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs that acts as a shield .
1841 & ndash ; The Sultan of Brunei cedes Sarawak to Britain .
Maniche -LRB- , or less commonly ; real name Nuno Ricardo de Oliveira Ribeiro , OIH , born 11 November 1977 in Lisbon -RRB- is a Portuguese football central midfielder , who is currently playing for German team 1 .
While a senior at UCLA , Robinson met his future wife , Rachel Isum , a UCLA freshman who was familiar with Robinson 's athletic career at PJC .
The first is a temporary work permit known as the Employment Authorization Document -LRB- EAD -RRB- , which allows the alien to take employment in the United States .
For a general article on the state , see State -LRB- polity -RRB- .
He has played for Ajax and currently plays for Real Madrid .
Cannabis indica
Water in cakes serves to make the base -LRB- in the case of cakes called '' batter '' -RRB- as thin as possible , which allows the bubbles â '' responsible for a cake 's fluffiness â '' to form better .
MPEG-1 Audio -LRB- MPEG-1 Part 3 -RRB- , which included MPEG-1 Audio Layer I , II and III was approved as a committee draft of ISO\/IEC standard in 1991 , finalized in 1992 and published in 1993 -LRB- ISO\/IEC 11172-3 :1993 -RRB- .
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford -LRB- born April 8 , 1918 -RRB- , better known as Betty Ford is the widow of former United States President Gerald R. Ford and served as the First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 .
Red-necked Wallabies are found in coastal scrub and sclerophyll forest throughout coastal and highland eastern Australia , from Rockhampton , Queensland to the South Australian border ; in Tasmania and on many of the Bass Strait islands -LRB- although it is unclear which of the islands have native populations as opposed to introduced ones -RRB- ; in New Zealand 's South Island in certain areas of Otago Region .
The electric blues is a type of blues music distinguished by the amplification of the guitar , bass guitar , drums , and sometimes the harmonica , often in the same vein as blues-rock but with an even greater emphasis on the blues sound .
Jamrud -LRB- Pashto : Ø Ù
Popper claimed that , if a theory is falsifiable , then it is scientific .
Benazir Bhutto -LRB- ; , ; 21 June 1953 â '' 27 December 2007 -RRB- was a Pakistani-born politician , with Pakistani and Kurdish origin , who chaired the Pakistan Peoples Party -LRB- PPP -RRB- , a centre-left political party in Pakistan .
In fiction , the story of the protagonist may be told from the perspective of a different character -LRB- who may also , but not necessarily , be the narrator -RRB- .
ï '' From its foundation , the abbey Fulda and its territory was based on an Imperial grant , and therefore was a sovereign principality subject only to the German emperor .
It noted for its roster of celebrity guest stars , including High School Musical star Zac Efron , Cory in the House star Jason Dolley , Harry Potter star Bonnie Wright , Hannah Montana star Miley Cyrus and Sonny With a Chance star Doug Brochu .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
Well-known examples of such scales are : Richter magnitude scale and Moment magnitude scale -LRB- MMS -RRB- for strength of earthquakes and movement in the earth .
Garage Inc. is a cover album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
The event also featured the return of The Undertaker , who defeated Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang Dynasty -LRB- ca .
Neighboring districts are Groß - Gerau , Darmstadt-Dieburg , Odenwaldkreis , Rhein-Neckar-Kreis , the urban district Mannheim , the Rhein-Pfalz-Kreis , and the urban district of Worms .
1999 & ndash ; Boris Yeltsin , the first president of Russia , resigns as President of Russia , leaving Prime Minister Vladimir Putin as the acting President .
In cultures which traditionally or currently use calendars other than the Gregorian , New Year 's Day is often also an important celebration .
There he rediscovered his older brother , CÃ leste Ponticelli , who had also joined the regiment .
Descended from muay boran , Muay Thai is Thailand 's national sport .
He is known as Brian because both his father and one of his brothers are also called James .
Tezcatlipoca may also refer to : In History Tezcatlipoca An Aztec deity In Fiction : Tezcatlipoca -LRB- DC Comics -RRB- , a fictional character from the DC Comics universe and a recurring character in the Wonder Woman series , based on the Aztec god .
Surjoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Ligue 2 , formerly known as Division 2 , is a French professional football league .
Together with stratigraphic principles , radiometric dating methods are used in geochronology to establish the geological time scale .
A person who was born on February 29 may be called a '' leapling '' or a '' leap year baby . ''
During the period between 1920 and 1948 the theater regained the name Theatre of the Estates and became affiliated with the National Theatre .
Satan has been the best friend the Church has ever had , as He has kept it in business all these years .
John Wesley was born in 1703 in Epworth , 23 miles -LRB- 37 km -RRB- northwest of Lincoln , England , the fifteenth child of Samuel Wesley and his wife Susannh Annesley . His father was a graduate of the University of Oxford and a Church of England rector .
Mixing nominally equal proportions of the additive primaries results in shades of gray or white ; the color space that is generated is called an RGB color space .
Its role is to build the foundations of a community sport system by working with national governing bodies of sport , and other funded partners , to grow the number of people doing sport ; sustain participation levels ; and help more talented people from all backgrounds excel by identifying them early , nurturing them , and helping them move up to the elite level .
Ayers protested the interviewer 's characterizations in a Letter to the Editor published September 15 , 2001 : '' This is not a question of being misunderstood or ` taken out of context ' , but of deliberate distortion . ''
Hoeilaart is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
Hardaway was born in Chicago , Illinois .
December 29 , 1993 10 The Nanny-in-Law Mr. Sheffield 's childhood nanny -LRB- guest star Cloris Leachman -RRB- comes to town .
She returned to France in 1895 , taking part in the agitation provoked by the Dreyfuss affair in 1898 , and from this time forward , she split up her time between conferences and stays with friends in London .
A real number that is not rational is called irrational .
It is made up of seven distinct notes , plus an eighth which duplicates the first an octave higher .
Trebuchets were far more accurate than other medieval catapults .
Climate conditions The climate is sharply continental , with severely cold winters .
Percy manages to contact camp with an Iris-message , tricking Luke into admitting he poisoned Thalia 's tree .
Chang 's most famous match took place at the 1989 French Open -LRB- on the way to winning his only Grand Slam singles title -RRB- . In the fourth round , he faced the World No. 1 , reigning Australian Open champion , and three-time former French Open champion Ivan Lendl .
On the atoll , John caused $ 15 million -LRB- 1994 USD -RRB- in damage .
The term algae is now restricted to eukaryotic organisms .
Note : The DNA from a single -LRB- diploid -RRB- human cell if the 46 chromosomes were connected end-to-end and straightened , would have a length of ~ 2 m and a width of ~ 2.4 nanometers .
Monseñor Nouel -LRB- -RRB- is a province of the Dominican Republic .
The IndyCar Series name was officially adopted beginning in 2003 , as the series was now legally entitled to use it .
Six Flags Great Adventure is a theme park in Jackson Township , New Jersey , located from New York City , from Newark and from Philadelphia .
He was sacked on 2 April 2009 .
Mézy-Moulins is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Kumar Ram Narain Karthikeyan -LRB- ; born 14 January 1977 , Coimbatore , India -RRB- is the first Formula One motor racing driver from India .
Lottinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
France 's economy combines extensive private enterprise -LRB- nearly 2.5 million companies registered -RRB- with substantial -LRB- though declining -RRB- government intervention -LRB- see dirigisme -RRB- .
'' Herschel Sir John Frederick William 1792-1871 astronomer '' -LRB- biography -RRB- ,
ISBN 0-500-28531-4
The terms Eastern Bloc , Communist Bloc or Soviet Bloc were used to refer to the former Communist states of Eastern and Central Europe , including the countries of the Warsaw Pact , along with Yugoslavia and Albania , Eastern bloc , The American Heritage New Dictionary of Cultural Literacy , Third Edition .
Cocked and Loaded -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- - Revolting Cocks
History The last article of Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen was adopted 26 August or 27 August , 1789Some sources say 27 August because the debate was not officially closed .
Originally credited in films as Creighton Chaney , he was first credited as '' Lon Chaney , Jr. '' in 1935 .
A secondary source contrasts with a primary source , which is an original source of the information being discussed ; a primary source can be a person with direct knowledge of a situation , or a document created by such a person .
Released in 1980 , the first Volkswagen Caddy is a light pickup truck , and van based on the Volkswagen Group A1 platform , shared with the small family car Volkswagen Golf Mk1 .
And that she retold her story to omit even the possibility of unions between English women and West Indian men is significant .
Pressure is an effect which occurs when a force is applied on a surface .
Grubbs studied chemistry at the University of Florida -LRB- B.S. and M.S. -RRB- , where he worked with Merle Battiste , and Columbia University , where he obtained his Ph.D. under Ronald Breslow in 1968 .
The origins of Colorado 's name come from the Spanish language , when the Spanish first called the area '' Colorado '' because of its red colored earth .
The rivers Cherwell and Thames run through Oxford and meet south of the city center .
To the general public , the FIA is mostly known as the governing body for many motor racing events .
This article is about the composer ; for the Italian town see Gesualdo -LRB- town -RRB- .
Odd Della Robbia , Ulrich Stern , and Yumi Ishiyama become involved in these attacks , and Jeremy has no choice but to share his secret with them . Odd , Ulrich and Yumi are sent into Lyoko using 10 f scanners to stop the force attacking their world .
Radjabov placed second in the FIDE Grand Prix 2008 â '' 2010 , qualifying him for the Candidates tournament for the World Chess Championship 2012 .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2002 , and received the temporary designation ' .
Old Kingdom is the name commonly given to the period in the 3rd millennium B.C.E. when Egypt attained its first continuous peak of civilization in complexity and achievement -- the first of three so-called '' Kingdom '' periods , which mark the high points of civilization in the lower Nile Valley -LRB- the others being Middle Kingdom and the New Kingdom -RRB- .
In the other kind of apposition eye , found in the Strepsiptera , lenses are not fused to one another , and each forms an entire image ; these images are combined in the brain .
The game also features a playable stage called Distant Planet , based on the setting of the Pikmin series .
His sayings were famously referred to in poems : I have heard the words of Imhotep and Hordedef with whose discourses men speak so much .
The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored and presented by the American adult video industry trade magazine AVN -LRB- Adult Video News -RRB- to honor exceptional performance in various aspects of the creation and marketing of American pornographic movies .
Saint-Gobain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In course of time , they got their sister Parvatham married to Ulagapuram Muthi Thirumalai Gounder .
The Bathurst 1000 -LRB- currently called the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 -RRB- is a touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Mindanao is the second largest and easternmost island in the Philippines . It is also the name of one of the three island groups in the country , which consists of the island of Mindanao and smaller surrounding islands .
Ã trez is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Paul of Tarsus begins his third mission .
In the Roman currency system , the denarius -LRB- plural : denarii -RRB- was a small silver coin first minted in 211 BC .
Vortex -LRB- California 's Great America -RRB- , a stand-up roller coaster at California 's Great America in Santa Clara , California , United States
Taken together , Iraq and Kuwait sat on top of some 20 percent of the world 's known oil reserves ; as an article of comparison , Saudi Arabia holds 25 percent .
CONCACAF -- Confederation of North , Central American and Caribbean Association Football in North America and Central America
However , inorganic compounds , such as cinnabar are also highly toxic by ingestion or inhalation of the dust .
Block ciphers operate on a fixed length string of bits .
The match was billed on the television schedule as part of a '' Challenge of the Sexes , '' alongside similar male-female matchups between golfers Nancy Lopez and Andy North and coed participants in a skateboarding challenge match .
Manasseh is recorded in the Bible as one of the most idolatrous -LRB- 2 Kings 21:1 -18 -RRB- ; however , after having been taken captive by the Assyrians , he prays for mercy -LRB- 2 Chronicles 33:10 -17 -RRB- and turns from his idolatrous ways .
Smaller antelope such as lechwe , duikers and reedbuck are also avoided , the smallest regularly used species is the Impala , probably because of the heavy tick load and social nature of that species .
Wienerwald -LRB- German for '' Vienna Woods '' -RRB- is a chain of fast-food restaurants with stores in Germany and Austria .
Makran was an autonomous princely state of both British India and Pakistan , which ceased to exist in 1955 .
Mittweida -LRB- -RRB- is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Thanks to remodelling , Cusco 's main stadium Estadio Garcilaso de la Vega attracted more tourists during South America 's continental soccer championship , the Copa AmÃ rica 2004 held in Peru .
Filipino Americans are Americans of Filipino ancestry .
The state-recognized resort of Adelsheim in the Neckar-Odenwald-Kreis looks back on a 1,200-year heritage .
The district of Pishin is administratively subdivided into four tehsils and a sub tehsil : Tehsils & Unions in the District of Pishin - Government of Pakistan
-- Me kompatas vu , qua esas tante sola sur ta harda granita Tero .
The term '' Mass '' is derived from the late-Latin word missa -LRB- dismissal -RRB- , a word used in the concluding formula of Mass in Latin : '' Ite , missa est '' -LRB- '' Go ; it is the dismissal '' -RRB- .
On December 16 , 1997 , more than 635 Japanese children were admitted to hospitals with epileptic seizures .
After a career in foreign exchange Key entered the New Zealand House of Representatives in 2002 representing the Auckland constituency of Helensville , a seat that he has held since then .
Daniel Cudmore as Peter Rasputin \/O/ Colossus : He can transform his skin into an organic steel , granting superhuman strength and a resistance to damage and temperature .
He was born into a farming family on 3 March 1940 in Braughing , Hertfordshire , England .
Interstate 68 -LRB- I-68 -RRB- is a Interstate highway in the U.S. states of West Virginia and Maryland , connecting in Morgantown to in Hancock .
Washington Stecanela Cerqueira , or simply Washington -LRB- born April 1 , 1975 in Brasília -RRB- , is a Brazilian football striker .
The town is subdivided into the three urban districts -LRB- Stadtteile -RRB- Berg , Mitte and Ost and six rural districts -LRB- Ortsteile -RRB- named Behlitz , Hainichen , Kospa , Pressen , Wedelwitz and Zschettgau .
An arboretum overlooking Glamis Burn features trees from all over the world , many of them rare and several hundred years old .
Growth is slow as nutrients are not abundant at depths frequented by the animals .
-LRB- singing '' There 's a hole in my bodhran '' , to the tune of '' There 's a Hole in my Bucket '' -RRB- .
The Pygmy Killer Whale -LRB- Feresa attenuata -RRB- is a small , rarely-seen cetacean of the oceanic dolphin family -LRB- Delphinidae -RRB- .
As a result , large parts of France reject Henry III as their king , forcing him to side with Henry of Navarre Undated Ahmad al-Mansur , sultan of Morocco , demands that the king of Songhay pay a heavy tribute in exchange for Saharan salt , probably as an intentional provocation .
May 9 1662 - the date on which the figure who later became Mr Punch made his first recorded appearance in England - is traditionally reckoned by '' professors '' as Punch 's UK birthday .
The first HD originated programme to be shown on the channel was Planet Earth , shown on 27 May 2006 .
1875 & ndash ; Jakob Schaffner , Swiss novelist -LRB- d. 1944 -RRB-
Shinya Nasu is a Japanese football player who has recently played for F.C. Gifu .
They also do not overeat -LRB- called binge eating , eating far too much at times -RRB- .
It also contains one of the most striking examples of Ives ' experimentalism : in the second movement , he instructs the pianist to use a piece of wood to produce a dense but generally very soft cluster chord .
His ashes are buried in the nave of Westminster Abbey , close to those of Lord Passfield and Ernest Bevin .
Gainesville is also home to the University of Florida , which is one of the largest universities in the United States .
RHTV can be seen on Cignal Digital TV channel 30 , Cablelink channel 9 , and 54 cable TV affiliates nationwide , as well as live internet TV streaming on their official website .
Inside the stadium are six themed restaurants , two of which have views of the pitch , and a number of conference facilities .
The Hoboken election of 2005 is an election that was held on May 10 2005 in Hoboken , New Jersey for Hoboken residents , in which the Mayor of Hoboken was chosen based on the number of votes .
The state emblem of the Soviet Union -LRB- Gosudarstvennyiy gerb SSSR ; ; ; ; ; -RRB- was adopted in 1923 and was used until the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
The nation 's history began with that of the East Slavs , who emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD .
Some hope lies with the conservation and management programs in place since 2004 .
King Rudolph I of Habsburg quarrelled with the archbishops through the manipulations of Abbot Henry of Admont , and after his death the archbishops and the Habsburgs made peace in 1297 .
Hino can mean :
Fernando Alonso -LRB-/O3/O-RRB-
Magnolia is a city in Harrison County , Iowa in the United States of America .
Masud seizes the throne of the Ghaznavid Empire after the death of his father Mahmud .
Condé-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The word cardamom is derived from the Latin '' cardamomum '' , cardamomum ,
Altogether , there are sixteen known iron oxides and oxyhydroxides .
It is a parody of surfing documentaries , such as The Endless Summer and Riding Giants , with parts of the plot parodying North Shore .
'' Ironic '' is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard and produced by Ballard for Morissette 's third album Jagged Little Pill -LRB-/O1995/O-RRB- .
They disbanded in 1973 and lead singer Paul Rodgers went on to become a frontman of the band Bad Company along with Simon Kirke on drums ; lead guitarist Paul Kossoff died from a drug-induced heart failure at the age of 25 in 1976 , bassist Andy Fraser formed Sharks .
Organic matter -LRB- or organic material -RRB- is matter that has come from a once-living organism ; is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds .
The pimp may have a bottom girl who serves as office manager , keeping the pimp apprised of law-enforcement activity and collecting money from the prostitutes .
It is located in the northern part of the Ruhr area .
Trento -LRB- traditional English : Trent ; ; local language : Trènt ; -RRB- is an Italian city located in the Adige River valley in Trentino-Alto Adige/S üdtirol .
Chun moved on to Daegu Vocational High School , getting exceptional grades during the outbreak of the Korean War .
The American owners also gradually simplified the Britannica 's articles , making them less scholarly but more intelligible to a mass market .
The head and thorax are white with the abdomen being yellow-orange with a row of black spots .
The most famous address in Downing Street is 10 Downing Street , the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasuryâ '' and thus , in modern times , the residence of the Prime Minister .
Year 19 -LRB- XIX -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Saint-Pons is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
During this period , hundreds of thousands of Chinese civilians and disarmed soldiers were murdered and 20,000 -- 80,000 women were rapedIris Chang , The Rape of Nanking , p. 6 .
The North Melbourne Football Club -LRB- nicknamed The Kangaroos -RRB- is the fourth oldest Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League -LRB- AFL -RRB- and is one of the oldest sporting clubs in Australia and the world .
Historically , Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy , known in French as the Franche-Comt é .
Located in northeastern Spain , the region comprises three provinces from north to south : Huesca , Zaragoza , and Teruel .
Home to millions of species , including humans , Earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .
He studied at The Queen 's College , Oxford , from 1973 to 1976 , where he received a first-class degree in Physics .
1990 & ndash ; 300,000 march in favor of Lithuanian independence .
The Ren and Stimpy Show premiered on Nickelodeon on Sunday , August 11 , 1991 and aired new episodes on the channel from 1991 to 1996 .
The Cod Wars , also called the Icelandic Cod Wars -LRB- , '' the cod war '' , or Landhelgisstríðin , '' the war for the territorial waters '' The Icelandic Coast Guard 's name in Icelandic directly translates as '' Territorial waters Guard '' . -RRB-
Like previous PokÃ mon games , Diamond and Pearl chronicle the adventures of a young PokÃ mon trainer as he\/she trains and battles PokÃ mon while also thwarting the schemes of a criminal organization .
The term '' time machine '' , coined by Wells , is now universally used to refer to such a vehicle .
Since then , Chevrolet currently sells the Chevrolet Cruze , Chevrolet Spark , Chevrolet Optra , Chevrolet Aveo , Chevrolet Tavera , Chevrolet Captiva , Chevrolet SRV , Chevrolet Beat and Chevrolet Aveo U-VA .
The film was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and became the twenty-seventh animated feature released in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series .
Fox Studios Backlot was a theme park that was purportedly based on Universal Studios in Los Angeles and Orlando as well as Disney 's Hollywood Studios .
He has since become incorporated into a number of Buddhist and Taoist folklore tradition .
In scholarship , a secondary sourcePrimary , Secondary and Tertiary Sources , UM LibrariesJCU - Primary , Secondary & Tertiary Sources is a document or recording that relates or discusses information originally presented elsewhere .
He received his first international call-up in 1921 and made his Germany debut in a 3 -- 3 draw against Finland , although he was to win a total of only three caps .
Zora Neale Hurston -LRB- January 7 , 1891 -- January 28 , 1960 -RRB- was an American folklorist , anthropologist , and author during the time of the Harlem Renaissance .
The stadium is the home of the Scottish Rugby Union -LRB- SRU -RRB- , and is primarily used as a venue for rugby union and hosts most of Scotland 's home test matches , as well as the Edinburgh Sevens , the Scottish Hydro Electric Cup final , as well as Magners League and Heineken Cup matches .
Brian Thomas Littrell -LRB- born February 20 , 1975 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , best known as a member of the Backstreet Boys .
They play in the Central Division of the National League , and are five-time World Series Champions .
The Welsh king Anarawd , King of Gwynedd , makes the first ceremonial visit to an English court -LRB- that of Alfred the Great -RRB- .
She succeeded Anne Boleyn as Queen Consort following the latter 's execution in 1536 .
The Condé Nast Building , officially 4 Times Square , is a modern skyscraper in Times Square in Midtown Manhattan .
Her love song '' Before I Fall In Love '' was included in the soundtrack of the movie Runaway Bride .
U.S. Census Bureau , 2005 Population Estimates , Census 2000 , 1990 Census : http://factfinder.census.gov/
Benoit would wrestle outside of New Japan occasionally to compete in Mexico and Germany , where he won a few regional championships , including the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship .
A storage area network -LRB- SAN -RRB- is a dedicated storage network that provides access to consolidated , block level storage .
: Mid 1970s
New York Jets -LRB- 1973 -- 1974 -RRB-
Main articles : computer case for personal machines or rack mount for commercial grade servers .
Throughout its history it has been a parallel to the Prince of Wales Trophy , using the same criteria in the opposite competitive grouping .
At the end of the 1980s , just before abandoning its entryist strategy , Militant led the All-Britain Anti-Poll Tax Federation , which , through a successful '' non-payment '' campaign , resulted in the defeat of Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's '' flag ship '' Community Charge legislation .
Hartman spent his childhood in Roseville , Michigan and his teen years in New Baltimore , Michigan .
It is -LRB- Middle Cambrian -RRB- old , one of the earliest soft-parts fossil beds .
The penetrating partner lies on their back , legs spread .
Prominent measures of his administration included the prosecution of John Wilkes and the passing of the American Stamp Act 1765 , which led to the first symptoms of alienation between American colonies and Great Britain .
Images are used to direct interventional procedures , which are usually done with needles and narrow tubes called catheters .
Daleville is a city in Dale County , Alabama , United States .
In a favourable environment , the cyclone to rapidly intensified , reaching Category 4 intensity .
The cornet is sometimes erroneously considered to be the '' valved version '' of the bugle , although it was derived from the French cornet de poste -LRB- post horn -RRB- .
The prize was established in 1980 by Jakob von Uexkull , and is presented annually in early December .
It is the largest island of the chain called Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
As Phoenix is the state capital , many residents in the area are employed by the government .
Settler Times In an early sort of Meteorology , Native Americans in the midwestern parts of modern United States often tracked and followed known weather patterns while offering to perform a raindance for settlers in return for trade items .
Core , certified 8 × platinum by the RIAA , drove the band to popularity .
6,000 -- 12,000 milligrams per day : Thomas E. Levy , Colorado Integrative Medical Centre .
The typographical principle , that is the creation of a complete text by reusing identical characters , was first realized in the Phaistos Disc , an enigmatic Minoan print item from Crete , Greece , which dates between 1850 and 1600 BC .
The climate is varied - warm and dry on the coast , an alpine climate in the mountainous interior .
Harrisburg is the capital of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , in the United States of America .
Using Roman military support , Artavasdes III , son of Ariobarzanes II , king of Media Atropatene , becomes the king of Armenia -LRB- to 4 -RRB- .
The principal bridesmaid , if one is so designated , may be called the chief bridesmaid or maid of honor if she is unmarried , or the matron of honor if she is married .
In earlier years , the European Grand Prix was not a race in its own right but just a honorific title ; one of the national Grands Prix was also designated as the European Grand Prix .
The Mallard , or wild duck -LRB- Anas platyrhynchos -RRB- is a dabbling duck which breeds throughout the temperate and subtropical Americas , Europe , Asia , and North Africa , and has been introduced to New Zealand and Australia .
Isabella 's husband , Samuel Orchart Beeton , was also born in Milk Street .
In August 2007 , Burke was diagnosed with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome , a rare condition that causes the heart to beat faster than normal .
These are commonly referred to as ice tubes .
Shoot any '' real '' event in the world of wrestling .
The Dahlerau train disaster was a severe railway accident that took place on May 27 , 1971 in Dahlerau , a small town belonging to Radevormwald in then-West Germany , in which a freight train and a passenger train crashed into each other .
Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr. -LRB- born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 & ndash ; December 26 , 2006 -RRB- was the 38th President of the United States , serving from 1974 to 1977 , and the 40th Vice President of the United States serving from 1973 to 1974 .
It is located between the Tyrrhenian Sea and Ligurian Sea , about 50 k east of the French island of Corsica .
After the Treaty of Trianon , Hungary lost Kassa -LRB- today KoÅ ice , Slovakia -RRB- and Miskolc became the sole regional center of northern Hungary .
The series aired on the premium cable network HBO from March 21 , 2004 , to August 27 , 2006 , spanning three 12-episode seasons .
Sequences that are joined together in the final mature RNA after RNA splicing are exons .
Chammes is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Terence Ian '' Terry '' Butcher is a former professional football player where he made his name as an uncompromising defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s .
Scene 5 -LRB- Rondo -RRB- : In the barracks at night , Wozzeck , unable to sleep , is keeping Andres awake .
8 -LRB- eight -RRB- is the natural number following 7 and preceding 9 .
The Slovak koruna or Slovak crown -LRB- , literally meaning Slovak crown -RRB- was the currency of Slovakia between 8 February 1993 and 31 December 2008 .
They also picked up the Headliner award at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008 held in Liverpool on 6 November 2008 and the Award for Best Group on 5 November 2009 at the MTV Europe Music Award held in Berlin .
1935 - Bad Godesberg attains the status of a town .
I Steal !
It is served by three of the four regular routes on the DLR -LRB- Stratford-Lewisham , Bank-Woolwich Arsenal and Tower Gateway-Beckton -RRB- making it one of the busiest stations on the network in terms of services .
The resulting altimeter readings are known as flight levels .
Kevin Costner became interested in acting while in college , and on graduation married Cindy Silva .
It is no longer considered a true vitamin or part of the Vitamin B complex .
The idler arm is attached between the opposite side of the center link from the Pitman arm and the vehicle 's frame to hold the center or drag link at the proper height .
He also made an arrangement of MysliveÄ ek 's aria '' Il caro mio bene '' -LRB- from the opera Armida of 1780 -RRB- .
In his '' middle '' compositional period after 1901 , a change of direction led him to produce three purely instrumental symphonies .
Hmong groups are often named after the dominant colors or patterns of their traditional clothing . These Hmong groups include the Black Hmong -LRB- Hmoob Dub or Hmong Den -RRB- , Striped Hmong -LRB- Hmoob Txaij or Hmoob Quas Npab -RRB- , Hmong Shi , Hmong Pe , Hmong Pua , and Hmong Xau , Hmong Xanh -LRB- Green Hmong -RRB- , Hmong Do -LRB- Red Hmong -RRB- , Na Mieo and various other subgroups .
Robert Lane '' Bob '' Saget -LRB- born May 17 , 1956 -RRB- is an American actor , stand-up comedian , television host , and filmmaker .
Mustapha Hadji -LRB- born 16 November 1971 -RRB- in Ifrane , Morocco is a former Moroccan footballer .
CDPs are delineated for each decennial census as the statistical counterparts of incorporated places such as cities , towns and villages .
Contemporary skepticism -LRB- or scepticism -RRB- is loosely used to denote any questioning attitude , See R. H. Popkin , The History of Skepticism from Erasmus to Descartes -LRB- rev. ed .
The island is divided between the Republic of Ireland , which covers just under five-sixths of the island , and Northern Ireland , a part of the United Kingdom , which covers the remainder and is located in the northeast of the island .
Thalassa -LRB- , or as in Greek -RRB- , also known as Neptune IV , is the second innermost satellite of Neptune .
'' Would n't You Like to Know Me '' -LRB- Stanley -RRB- -- 3:16
GrayPage = 993
'' LoveGame '' is an electropop song by American recording artist Lady Gaga from her debut album , The Fame -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
After Wessel 's death , new stanzas were added , composed in his honor .
Irregular bones serve various purposes in the body , such as protection of nervous tissue -LRB- such as the vertebrae protect the spinal cord -RRB- , affording multiple anchor points for skeletal muscle attachment -LRB- as with the sacrum -RRB- , and maintaining pharynx and trachea support , and tongue attachment -LRB- such as the hyoid bone -RRB- .
Gerhard Ertl -LRB- born 10 October 1936 -RRB- is a German physicist and a Professor emeritus at the Department of Physical Chemistry , Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft in Berlin , Germany .
Barbato was en route to Kiev where he was due to conduct and teach .
Although the Early Church primarily used the Greek translation of the Jewish Scriptures , the Septuagint or LXX , or the Targums among Aramaic speakers , the Apostles did not otherwise leave a defined set of new scriptures .
Ville Hermanni Valo -LRB- born November 22 , 1976 -RRB- is a Finnish singer , songwriter and frontman of the Finnish rock band HIM .
Then , on 26 August 1991 , Torvalds posted to comp .
Der Ring des Nibelungen -LRB- The Ring of the Nibelung -RRB- is a cycle of four epic operas -LRB- or '' dramas '' to use the composer 's preferred term -RRB- by the German composer Richard Wagner -LRB- 1813 â '' 83 -RRB- .
His wife had swum across to the island with tools to effect his escape , following which they both swam back to the mainland .
Champfleur is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Health and psychological effects Benefits It is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression and lead to a higher sense of self-worth .
You may also be looking for .
Ryujiro Ueda is a Japanese football player who plays for Fagiano Okayama F.C. in the J. League Division 2 .
We can no longer move '' through the mirror '' to the other side , as we could during the golden age of transcendence .
Viktor names his synthetic actress '' Simone '' , a name derived from the computer program 's title , Simulation One .
The trio performed at Wacken Open Air in August 1999 , revealing their newest album Welcome to the Other Side .
The station is located adjacent to the Caulfield campus -LRB- Platform 4 -RRB- of Monash University , as well as Caulfield Racecourse -LRB- Platform 1 -RRB- .
He spent the next few seasons in the minor leagues before being released by the Astros in 1984 .
She now has a younger brother , Cade .
Marzahn-Hellersdorf has seven twin towns :
The Marco Polo sheep -LRB- Ovis ammon polii -RRB- is a subspecies of argali sheep , named after Marco Polo .
Six partial specimens of Spinosaurus have been described .
They were thongs of ox hide approximately 3 to 3.7 meters long that were wrapped around the hands and knuckles numerous times .
The DC-10 was succeeded by the related McDonnell Douglas MD-11 .
Protestant translations using '' murder '' include the Book of Common Prayer -LRB- English , 1549 and revisions -RRB- , New International Version -LRB- American , 1978 -RRB- , New American Standard Bible -LRB- American , 1971 -RRB- , New English Bible -LRB- British Protestant , 1970 -RRB- , and the New King James -LRB- American , 1982 -RRB- , New Revised Standard -LRB- American , 1989 -RRB- and English Standard -LRB- American Protestant , 2001 -RRB- Versions .
With their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010 , Heart made a return to their hard rock\/acoustic roots of the late 70s and scored top 10 success in the US Billboard 200 .
Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many calculations are carried out simultaneously , Almasi , G.S. and A. Gottlieb -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- .
The word pix appeared in Variety magazine headlines in 1932 , as an abbreviation for the word pictures , in reference to movies .
The authors initially speculated that it would have been possible for Anchiornis to fly or glide .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Sanghar - Government of Pakistan
It occurs when the melanocytes , cells that give skin there color , die or do not work .
The climate of France is varied .
MacMillan was noted for his efforts in recording and preserving the traditional songs and music of Canada 's aboriginal or First Nations people .
Possibly any changes made to the article after Candice by Alice or Boris which do not include the modification made by Candice .
Johan Anthoniszoon '' Jan '' van Riebeeck -LRB- April 21 , 1619 , Culemborg , Gelderland -- January 18 , 1677 -RRB- was a Dutch colonial administrator and founder of Cape Town .
In addition , Pitt has also been recognized for its positive campus atmosphere , with The Princeton Review rating Pitt as having the 8th happiest student body and the 11th best quality of life in the nation in 2010 .
No appointments have been made since 1947 , the year of the Partition of India .
April 2009 Review of SimplyMEPIS 8.0
As 1024 -LRB-/O210/O-RRB- approximates 1000 -LRB-/O103/O-RRB- , roughly corresponding SI multiples began to be used for binary multiples .
of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
This capability is meant for units such as PDAs in which the USB link might connect to a PC 's host port as a device in one instance , yet connect as a host itself to a keyboard and mouse device in another instance .
Aerobics is a form of physical exercise that combines rhythmic aerobic exercise with stretching and strength training routines with the goal of improving all elements of fitness -LRB- flexibility , muscular strength , and cardio-vascular fitness -RRB- .
Mount Olivet Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in Chicago , Illinois .
During British rule Nathia Gali , then part of Abbottabad tehsil of Hazara District , served as the summer head-quarters of the Chief Commissioner .
Harrison wrote the song while sick in bed at a hotel room in Bournemouth , England where The Beatles were playing some shows during the summer of 1963 .
He was replaced as bassist for one tour by Joseph Trohman -LRB- now a guitarist in Fall Out Boy -RRB- .
The main inscription would originally have been of bronze letters .
Preignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The song was followed by the band 's new album , Insomniac , which was released in the fall of 1995 .
Intel had announced the 8080 chip , and compared to the 4004 to which IMS Associates had been first introduced , the 8080 looked like a '' real computer '' .
This should be a consideration when using a flash drive to run application software or an operating system .
The population is about 269,000 .
In addition to having a prevalence of German , Irish , British and Native American ancestry , more than 25 Native American languages are spoken in Oklahoma , the most of any state .
This template -LRB- the name of which stands for '' reference pages '' -RRB- is for appending page numbers in Harvard referencing style -LRB- or AMA style , as an option -- see '' With parentheses '' , below -RRB- to Cite.php-generated inline reference citations .
Joubert Araújo Martins or simply Beto -LRB- born January 7 , 1975 in Cuiabá -RRB- , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder .
Vlad developed a well-known hatred for Radu and for Mehmed , who would later become the sultan .
Dean still holds the English national record of most goals in a season , with 60 .
He became friends with the Impressionists Edgar Degas , Claude Monet , Pierre-Auguste Renoir , Alfred Sisley , Paul Cézanne and Camille Pissarro through another painter , Berthe Morisot , who was a member of the group and drew him into their activities .
Drugs including the monoamine oxidase inhibitors -LRB- MAOIs -RRB- , tricyclic antidepressants -LRB- TCAs -RRB- , tetracyclic antidepressants -LRB- TeCAs -RRB- , selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors -LRB- SSRIs -RRB- , and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors -LRB- SNRIs -RRB- are most commonly associated with the term .
Its capital lies at the town of Méguet .
Also present in town are some sport teams , including baseball , basketball , and American football competitions .
At the 2001 census the island had a population of 198,130 , and a total land area of 3,684.848 km .
Two-player cooperative gameplay and multiple player characters are also hallmarks of the genre .
There is support on the island for proposals of greater autonomy , but polls show that a large majority of Corsicans are opposed to full independence .
pop
In Grímnismál stanza 31 , Hel is listed as existing beneath one of three roots of the world tree Yggdrasil .
Following the trial , on 23 August 1305 , Wallace was taken from the hall , stripped naked and dragged through the city at the heels of a horse to the Elms at Smithfield .
Concrete can be made to have high compressive strength , e.g. many concrete structures have compressive strengths in excess of 50 MPa , whereas a material such as soft sandstone may have a compressive strength as low as 5 or 10 MPa .
Warren G -LRB- born Warren Griffin III , November 10 , 1970 -RRB- , is an American West Coast rapper and hip hop producer .
He made his return on the August 27 episode of Raw beating Kennedy by disqualification after Umaga interfered .
Bernice Murphy 's recent '' Shirley Jackson : Essays on the Literary Legacy '' -LRB- McFarland , 2005 -RRB- is a collection commentaries on Jackson 's work .
The band achieved their greatest success with their 1994 album Stranger Than Fiction , which peaked at number 87 on the Billboard 200 , and spawned their well-known hit singles '' 21st Century -LRB- Digital Boy -RRB- '' and '' Infected '' . That album also became the only Bad Religion album to obtain gold status in the US .
Investigacion agraria : Sistemas y recursos forestales 13 -LRB- 1 -RRB- : 161-177 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- However , some of these trees , notably those with the Siberian Elm U. pumila in their ancestry , will probably have a comparatively small mature size and lack the forms for which the iconic American Elm and English Elm were prized .
The state is rich in mineral deposits - especially gold , diamonds , cassiterite , bauxite , marble and copper .
The Castle was filmed in 11 days on a budget of approximately .
The shortest correspondence in history is said to have been between Hugo and his publisher Hurst & Blackett in 1862 .
Ville-Savoye is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
However , a total of 132 cars are owned by residents and need to be parked on the streets surrounding the Freetown .
He was educated at Chatham House Grammar School in Ramsgate and in 1935 with the aid of a county scholarship he went up to study at Balliol College , Oxford .
Nouakchott is built around a large tree-lined street , Avenue Abdel Nasir , which runs northeast through the city center from the airport .
He was , therefore , a member of a noble family of great literary consequence .
Attempts in 1986 and 1994 to revert or to add another thirty minutes failed .
Unable to attend the Nobel Prize ceremony in Stockholm because of his age , Hurwicz received the prize in Minneapolis .
As the consequence of this bad patch three previous coaches -LRB- Franco Fasciana , Del Valle Rojas and Bernardo Redín -RRB- had led the club before the arrival of Alí Cañas .
During periods of a wet or '' Green Sahara '' , the Sahara and Arabia become a savanna grassland and African flora and fauna become common .
It was called '' Gobernador de la Provincia de Buenos Aires Dr. Oscar Alende Cup '' -LRB- in English , '' Governor of Buenos Aires Dr. Oscar Alende Cup '' -RRB- .
Mines can be laid in many ways : by purpose-built minelayers , refitted ships , submarines , or aircraft -- and even by dropping them into a harbour by hand .
In the film , he desires to stay in the jungle until the end of the film .
It was one of the most significant events concerning ecology , agriculture , and culture in all of human history .
An alkaline earth metal , strontium is a soft silver-white or yellowish metallic element that is highly reactive chemically .
It is the smallest of inner Uranian satellites , crudely estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter .
May 13 & ndash ; Pope Gregory XIII succeeds Pope Pius V as the 226th pope .
Biefvillers-l ès - Bapaume is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was farmed and eaten by the ancient Romans -LRB- usually as a snack -RRB- , hence the word edible in its name .
For the higher plants , seeds are the next generation , and serve as the primary means by which individuals of a species are dispersed across the landscape .
It spawned the spin off TV series Caprica , which began airing in January 2010 .
The tesseract is one of the six convex regular 4-polytopes .
The program was nominated for numerous awards and won the National Television Award for Most Popular Comedy Programme in 1999 .
February 20 -- René - Robert Cavelier , Sieur de La Salle , intending to establish a colony near the mouth of the Mississippi River , lands with 200 surviving colonists at Matagorda Bay on the Texas coast , believing the Mississippi near -LRB- Texas Handbook -RRB- .
Ambrose Everett Burnside -LRB- May 23 , 1824 -- September 13 , 1881 -RRB- was an American soldier , railroad executive , inventor , industrialist , and politician from Rhode Island , serving as governor and a U.S. Senator .
A despatch rider is a military messenger , mounted on horse or motorcycle .
The show premiered September 24 , 2007 , and was picked-up for a full 22-episode season on October 19 , 2007 .
Super Castlevania IV , known as in Japan , is a platform game developed and published by Konami and the first Castlevania game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System .
He was born November 7 , 1918 to William Franklin Graham I -LRB- 1888 â '' 1962 -RRB- and Morrow Coffey -LRB- 1892 â '' 1981 -RRB- , on a dairy farm near Charlotte , North Carolina .
This misconception was further reinforced by Dante Gabriel Rossetti 's painting Pandora .
He learned to play chess when he was 16 . He trained with and played against the strong master Gersz Salwe in Å Ã dÅ .
Some associate elegance with simplicity and consistency of design , focusing on the main or basic features of an object , its dignified gracefulness , or restrained beauty of style .
This southern half of Baden was declared in its 1947 constitution to be the true successor of the old Baden .
His main pupils were Mateo Cerezo , Cabezalero , Donoso , Ledesma y Sotomayor .
Banbury 's Member of Parliament is Tony Baldry .
It evolved from the western variety of the Greek alphabet called the Cumaean alphabet , which was borrowed and modified by the Etruscans who ruled early Rome , whose alphabet was then adapted and further modified by the ancient Romans to write the Latin language .
It has an area of 854 km ² , and a population of over 73,000 , of which almost 100 % are German speaking -LRB- traditionally Ripuarian-speaking -RRB- .
Jaspers made his NHL debut in the same season , after he received his first NHL call-up on January 20 , 2002 .
It is separated from the Barents Sea to the west by the Kara Strait and Novaya Zemlya , and the Laptev Sea to the east by the Severnaya Zemlya .
Riencourt-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Asshole -LRB- or arsehole in British English -RRB- is slang for the anus and is often used as an insult .
The Three Jewels , also called the Three Treasures , the Three Refuges , or the Triple Gem , are the three things that Buddhists take refuge in , and look toward for guidance , in the process known as taking refuge .
More recently , Davenport was part of the ensemble cast of characters in the drama series FlashForward .
The airport also frequently receives domestic and international charter flights .
Within the red blood cells , the parasites multiply further , again asexually , periodically breaking out of their hosts to invade fresh red blood cells .
Constructed in 1937 , with additions in 1959 , the bridge spans the United States-Canada border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region , from which it derives its name .
It is large at about 560 km , and bright at H = 4.755 .
In 1924 , he became secretary of the Christian workers union for the DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf region . He was elected in the town council of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf for the Centre Party in 1929 .
from Alt-Berlin : Mitte , Tiergarten , Wedding , Prenzlauer Berg , Kreuzberg and Friedrichshain ;
In many ways , the evolution of the brown algae parallels that of the green algae and red algae , as all three groups possess complex multicellular species with an alternation of generations . Analysis of 5S rRNA sequences reveals much smaller evolutionary distances among genera of the brown algae than among genera of red or green algae , which suggests that the brown algae have diversified much more recently than the other two groups .
In the U.S. , public objections and the threat of lawsuits have resulted in a number of school districts in recent years changing policy to make showers optional .
On 7 May 1945 , Dönitz authorized the signature of the German Instrument of Surrender to the Allies , that took place in Rheims before General Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Book Review : Irreducible Mind The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease , Volume 196 , Number 4 , April 2008 , pp .
In his speeches in the late 1920s , Nazi leader Adolf Hitler complained bitterly about the presence of Jewish conductors at the Berlin opera , and mentioned Walter a number of times , adding to Walter 's name the phrase , '' alias Schlesinger . ''
While basking sharks have few if any predators , white sharks have been reported to scavenge on the remains of these sharks .
Claudio Gentile -LRB- born in Libya , 27 September 1953 -RRB- is an Italian football coach and former defender of the 1970s and 1980s .
Early striped patterns developed into long stripes along the length of the uniforms , called pinstriping .
In an attempt to persuade Batista to challenge WWE Champion John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield rather than Batista facing Triple H at WrestleMania , Triple H concocted a scheme to have Batista run over by a limousine resembling the one used by Layfield .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Dallas Mavericks .
Each population 's song changes slowly over a period of years -- never returning to the same sequence of notes .
Amnesiac is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock band Radiohead , released in June 2001 .
Patra 's port connects Greece with east Italian 's ports such as Bari , Printezi and Ancona .
The curriculum of diploma studies at a University of Applied Sciences -LRB- Fachhochschule -RRB- is , in contrast to a Universität , more application-oriented .
A strong chemical bond is formed from the transfer or sharing of electrons between atomic centers and relies on the electrostatic attraction between the protons in nuclei and the electrons in the orbitals . Although these bonds typically involve the transfer of integer numbers of electrons -LRB- this is the bond order , which respresents one transferred electron or two shared electrons -RRB- , some systems can have intermediate numbers of bonds .
Ian then begged for forgiveness , in which Katie eventually accepted .
A geyser is a spring characterized by intermittent discharge of water ejected turbulently and accompanied by a vapor phase -LRB- steam -RRB- .
While sitting in a park on a children 's slide and eating Mexican food , Dorsey introduced the idea of an individual using an SMS service to communicate with a small group .
February 13 & ndash ; Cotton Mather , New England Puritan minister -LRB- b. 1663 -RRB-
Religion According to census statistics , 81.5 % of Sunderland residents class themselves as Christian , 9.6 % are irreligious , 0.7 % are Muslim and 7.6 % did not wish to give their religion .
The principal types of electrodes are : 1 -RRB- simple solid conductors , such as discs and needles -LRB- singles or arrays , often insulated except for the tip -RRB- , 2 -RRB- tracings on printed circuit boards , also insulated except for the tip , and 3 -RRB- hollow tubes filled with an electrolyte , such as glass pipettes filled with potassium chloride solution or another electrolyte solution .
Satiety is the absence of hunger .
$ 3.0 billion -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB-
Oskar Lafontaine -LRB- ; born September 16 , 1943 , Saarlouis -RRB- is a German politician , former German finance minister , former chairman of the Social Democratic Party and former prime minister of the state of Saarland .
A total of 1,031 Boeing 757 aircraft were in airline service in July 2008 .
bar :17 color : powderblue from :1945 till : end text : Wichita State -LRB- 1945-present -RRB-
He placed 12th at the Olympics and 21st at Worlds , held in Calgary .
This project should be your main reference for stub information , and is where new stub types should be proposed for discussion prior to creation . Once a stub has been properly expanded and becomes a larger article , any editor may remove its stub template .
Top Scorer Italian Cup : -LRB- 4 goals -RRB- Total -LRB- 15 goals -RRB- Italian Cup .
On 22 October 2008 , at an OECD meeting in Paris , 17 countries led by France and Germany decided to draw up a new blacklist of tax havens .
Mao Zedong -LRB- ; December 26 , 1893 September 9 , 1976 -RRB- was a Han Chinese revolutionary , political theorist and communist leader .
WiiWare
In the most common one , the lion 's head located was in the northeast of the country and the tail in the southeast .
Castroneves has won four pole positions for the Indy 500 , including back-to-back poles in 2009 and 2010 for the first time since Scott Brayton .
Jaulgonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It is the seat of a separate commune -LRB- gmina -RRB- within Pu awy County in Lublin Voivodeship , called Gmina Ko skowola .
Replacing oil with hydrogen made from non-oil resources -LRB- pp .
One of the more obvious differences is that crochet uses one hook while most knitting uses two needles .
In 2007 , the semifinals averaged 3.1 million viewers , and an estimated four million Swedes watched the final .
Pablo Neruda -LRB- July 12 , 1904 -- September 23 , 1973 -RRB- was the pen name and , later , legal name of the Chilean writer and politician Neftalí Ricardo Reyes Basoalto .
The album 's lead single , '' Pon de Replay '' , was released on August 22 , 2005 .
Although Stern accepted an appointment at the University of Berlin after his fellowship ended , he returned to the United States in 1932 and became an American citizen in 1939 .
Shawn was about to perform Sweet Chin Music on McMahon , but instead he got a trash can and a table .
Horses were introduced by the Hyksos in the Second Intermediate Period , and the camel , although known from the New Kingdom , was not used as a beast of burden until the Late Period .
The term ` throat voice ' was used and ` passaggio ' not used at all .
locations = 276
They are found in the '' Special : '' .
July 28 & ndash ; First Battle of Lepanto : The Turkish navy wins a decisive victory over the Venetians .
By March of the year Nelson 's column opened , the authorities had started banning Chartist meetings in the square .
The lahars flowed many miles down the Toutle and Cowlitz Rivers , destroying bridges and lumber camps .
The change was intended to convey the idea that Paralympians have a spirit of competition and that the IPC as an organization realizes its potential and is moving forward to achieve it .
A fully ripened mulberry in these species is dark purple to black , edible , and sweet with a good flavor in several species .
He is general director and artistic director of the Mariinsky Theatre , principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , and artistic director of the White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg .
Table football , also known as fussball , foosball , and many other names , is a table-top game and sport that is loosely based on association football .
Rock Island is the county seat of Rock Island County , Illinois , United States .
From 1949 to 1972 , the Territory of Papua and New Guinea was part of Australia , remaining so until the independence of the country of Papua New Guinea .
Diprotodontia -LRB- ; Greek , meaning '' two front teeth '' -RRB- is a large order of about 120 marsupial mammals including the kangaroos , wallabies , possums , koala , wombats , and many others .
This view is no longer generally accepted by scholars , due to analysis that shows that most early Christian hymns did not have Psalms for texts , and that the Psalms were not sung in synagogues for centuries after the Destruction of the Second Temple in AD 70 .
American occupation and reconstruction of the country continued well into the 1950s eventually forming the current modern Japan .
Year 1396 -LRB- MCCCXCVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
It crosses the River Thames in a south-east north-west direction between Vauxhall on the south bank and Pimlico on the north bank .
1969 & ndash ; During their honeymoon , John Lennon and Yoko Ono hold their first Bed-In for Peace at the Amsterdam Hilton Hotel -LRB- until March 31 -RRB- .
Nanyang Technological University -LRB- Abbreviation : NTU -RRB- is one of the two largest public universities in Singapore with the biggest campus in the country and the world 's largest engineering college .
Cocteau used his contacts to get Genet 's novel published , and in 1949 , when Genet was threatened with a life sentence after ten convictions , Cocteau and other prominent figures , including Jean-Paul Sartre and Pablo Picasso , successfully petitioned the French President to have the sentence set aside . Genet would never return to prison .
Year 14 BC was a common year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
It is named after Calliope , the Greek Muse of epic poetry .
Knowingly entering a Ponzi scheme , even at the last round of the scheme , can be rational economically if there is a reasonable expectation that government or other person or organization will bail out those participating in the scheme .
German reconstruction after World War II After World War II , Arnold became politically active again .
Luis Miguel Arconada Etxarri -LRB- born 26 June 1954 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
According to the 2010 census of Pakistan , the district had a population of 5 million of which 60.07 % were urban , making it second-most urbanised district of Sindh .
The Shulaveri-Shomu culture of the central Transcaucasus region is one of the earliest known prehistoric culture in the area , carbon-dated to roughly 6000 - 4000 BC .
A Twenty20 game involves two teams , each has a single innings , batting for a maximum of 20 overs .
The Labutta Township alone was reported to have 80,000 dead , with about 10,000 more deaths in Bogale .
BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde , seeking revenge for Siegfried 's manifest treachery , joins the plot and tells Hagen that Siegfried would be vulnerable to a stab in the back .
Genus Desmatolagus Matthew & Granger 1923
Masaharu Suzuki -LRB- born August 3 , 1970 in Yaizu , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese former football player .
The element with atomic number 113 is historically known as eka-thallium .
In 2004 he finally achieved a life-long ambition to play Falstaff , in Nicholas Hytner 's National production of Henry IV , Parts 1 and 2 , co-starring with Matthew Macfadyen as Prince Hal .
He initially had trouble finding work but began to gain notice when he appeared in Breaking Away -LRB-/O1979/O-RRB- and earned good reviews for his role in The Right Stuff -LRB-/O1983/O-RRB- .
Dr. Rin ni Kiitemite !
In October of that year , she toured Canada , and visited the President of the United States , Harry S. Truman , in Washington , D.C. ; on that trip , the Princess carried with her a draft accession declaration for use if the King died while she was out of the United Kingdom .
He has also written short stories , biography and other non-fiction and children 's books .
Symptoms of a peptic ulcer can be
The States-Provincial are directly elected every four years as well .
Population shifts of the 20th century , especially from Buenos Aires , raised the population steadily from 190,000 -LRB-/O1970/O-RRB- , to 357,000 -LRB-/O1991/O-RRB- and 413,237 -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB- .
The British Board of Film Classification -LRB- BBFC -RRB- , originally British Board of Film Censors , is a non-governmental organization , funded by the film industry and responsible for the national classification of films within the United Kingdom .
Genus Peponocephala
The 2 f gauge of the track is unusual , and was shared by only three other public railways in the United Kingdom : the nearby Corris Railway -LRB- which predated the Talyllyn -RRB- , and the subsequent Plynlimon and Hafan Tramway and Campbeltown and Machrihanish Light Railway .
Zeiningen is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Allison Janney , John Spencer and Stockard Channing each won an Emmy -LRB- for Lead Actress , Supporting Actor and Supporting Actress respectively -RRB- .
The amount of water lost by a plant depends on its size , along with surrounding light intensity , temperature , humidity , and wind speed -LRB- all of which influence evaporative demand -RRB- .
The game of snooker is played on a table with pockets but is considered to be its own cue sport and is governed internationally by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association -LRB- professional -RRB- and International Billiards and Snooker Federation -LRB- amateur -RRB- .
There are 53 Sites of Special Scientific Interest of which the largest are Loch an Duin , North Uist at and North Harris , which is in extent .
For efficiency the following values may be precomputed and stored as part of the private key : and : the primes from the key generation , and , .
Danilo Gabriel de Andrade , or simply Danilo -LRB- also known as ZiDanilo -RRB- -LRB- born June 11 , 1979 in São Gotardo -RRB- , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder .
The Chugach Mountains of southern Alaska are the northernmost of the several mountain ranges that make up the Pacific Coast Ranges of the western edge of North America .
During their travels , the Bebop ship gained new crew members such as Ein , Faye , and Edward .
It has been used to describe the potential for cooperation among these areas in Middle Eastern politics .
They play in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
762 & ndash ; Baghdad is founded by caliph Al-Mansur .
On 29 October 2009 chairman Paul Duffen resigned his position with the club and was replaced by former chairman Adam Pearson on 2 November 2009 and on 15 March 2010 manager Phil Brown was relieved of his duties after a run of four defeats left Hull in the relegation zone .
Metatherians first appeared in the Cretaceous Period , with such forms as Deltatheridium and Asiatherium .
Bridgeport is a town in Caddo County , Oklahoma , United States .
It is the inaugural game in Sega 's flagship Sonic the Hedgehog video game series , and was the first title developed by Sonic Team .
As of 2009 , Riverside had an estimated population of 300,430 .
In an important qualification match on August 20 , 1997 , Germany trailed Northern Ireland , 0-1 , with 20 minutes left when the manager of the national team , Berti Vogts , decided to substitute Thomas Häßler and Oliver Bierhoff .
She is the younger sister of Britney Spears .
The island 's topography is dominated by the centrally-located stratovolcano Mount Rinjani , which rises to 3,726 m -LRB- 12,224 ft -RRB- , making it the third-highest in Indonesia .
Other types of rays also referred to as stingrays are the river stingrays -LRB- family Potamotrygonidae -RRB- , the round stingrays -LRB- families Urolophidae and Urotrygonidae -RRB- , the sixgill stingray -LRB- family Hexatrygonidae -RRB- , and the deepwater stingray -LRB- family Plesiobatidae -RRB- .
Cimadera is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Purdue has produced multiple Nobel Prize winners , CEOs of Fortune 500 companies , NFL Super Bowl MVPs , Grammy nominees , Pulitzer Prize winners , and the universities alumni pool collectively holds over 15,000 United States patents .
The Stems , an Australian garage rock\/power pop group from the 1980s
In the semi-final , Sri Lanka , headed towards a crushing victory over India at Eden Gardens -LRB- Calcutta -RRB- after their hosts slumped to 120\/8 from being 98\/1 in pursuit of 252 , were awarded victory by default after riots broke out in protest against the Indian performance .
1929 & ndash ; Francis Gary Powers , American U-2 pilot -LRB- d. 1977 -RRB-
Vignats is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
As an arm of government , Historic Scotland has similar functions to its counterparts in other parts of the United Kingdom : English Heritage in England -LRB- although EH is a non-departmental public body rather than part of central government , like the others -RRB- Cadw in Wales , Environment and Heritage Service in Northern Ireland .
1854 & ndash ; The first Victoria Cross is awarded during the bombardment of Bomarsund in the Åland Islands .
On 19 October 2006 , it was announced that Robert Kubica would partner Nick Heidfeld for the 2007 Formula One season with Sebastian Vettel taking the test and reserve driver role .
Moseley and Popplewell came from the very start of casting , whilst Henley and Keynes were cast relatively late .
Antisexuals are not necessarily asexual , but the reasons for their antisexuality are often based on their reasoning or morals .
The Nagorno-Karabakh War was an armed conflict that took place from February 1988 to May 1994 , in the small enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh in southwestern Azerbaijan , between the majority ethnic Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh backed by the Republic of Armenia , and the Republic of Azerbaijan .
Phosphorus is a component of DNA , RNA , ATP , and also the phospholipids that form all cell membranes .
The amount of water lost by a plant depends on its size , along with the surrounding light intensity , temperature , humidity , and wind speed -LRB- all of which influence evaporative demand -RRB- .
Vasco da Gama , 1st Count of Vidigueira -LRB- c. 1460 or 1469 -- 24 December 1524 -RRB- was a Portuguese explorer , one of the most successful in the Age of Discovery and the commander of the first ships to sail directly from Europe to India .
She expresses her regret to the Doctor for not joining him , and after stopping Foster 's plans to convert the whole of London into Adipose children , she joins him in the TARDIS as a regular companion .
A former colony and dominion of the United Kingdom , Newfoundland and Labrador became the tenth province to enter the Canadian Confederation on March 31 , 1949 , as Newfoundland . On December 6 , 2001 , an amendment was made to the Constitution of Canada to change the province 's official name to Newfoundland and Labrador .
This is the second Australian single , third U.S. single and the fourth UK single from Riot !
The golden sheath is covered with diamonds and enamel .
Since Bangladeshi independence In the late 1970s , a policy of forced settling of Bengalis into hills was pursued , which later gave rise to much violence against the hill people and the insurgency led by Shanti Bahini .
Rolling stock is also allocated an RA -LRB- again between 1 and 10 -RRB- and the RA of a train is the highest RA of any of its elements .
The club were founded in 1929 as Catanzarese , then changed their denomination to Unione Sportiva Catanzaro in 1946 , shortly after the end of the World War II .
Auribeau is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The following immunity challenge included yet another twist , in that it consisted of a trivia contest with the current jury playing ; this was a fifth challenger and it effectively denied any of the remaining players immunity .
KPresenter 's native format is OpenDocument .
He thought these measures would encourage domestic production , and so promote long-term benefits .
La Scala -LRB- -RRB- , is a world renowned opera house in Milan , Italy .
The order is subdivided in three families : the Psittacidae -LRB- ` true ' parrots -RRB- , the Cacatuidae -LRB- cockatoos -RRB- and the Strigopidae -LRB- New Zealand parrots -RRB- .
On January 1 , 2006 Sint-Gillis-Waas had a total population of 17,908 .
1 In addition to the Midi school , the Painkiller Heavy Music Magazine started efforts to bring bands such as Edguy , Lacrimosa and Hatesphere to China and organized China tours for them .
The protolith may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock .
On April 13 , 2006 , a rebel United Front for Democratic Change attack on the city was defeated .
Wudu -LRB- Arabic : , Albanian : avdes , Bosnian : abdest , Kurdish : destnivêj , Persian : bdast , Turkish : abdest , Urdu : waz , Somali : weeso -RRB- is the Islamic act of washing parts of the body using water .
The total area is 72.29 km which gives a population density of 247 inhabitants per km .
His novel Voice of the Fire is a fictionalised history of the town .
Finally , Lord Darrell Duppa suggested the name '' Phoenix , '' as it described a city born from the ruins of a former civilization .
Also known as '' Teleto '' , a blend of '' terebi '' and '' Tokyo '' , it is the key station of TX Network .
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Plant manures Green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them in , thus increasing fertility through the incorporation of nutrients and organic matter into the soil .
On August 8 , 2008 , Andreas Typaldos , CEO of Xandros , announced that Linspire would be discontinued in favor of Xandros ; Freespire would change its base code from Ubuntu to Debian ; and the Linspire brand would cease to exist .
Memory controllers and hierarchies
World leaders King Christian IV of Denmark and Norway -LRB- 1588 - 1648 -RRB- .
The dodo has been extinct since the mid-to-late 17th century .
20th and 21st Century NASA/ESA probes Pioneer 11 flyby Saturn was first visited by Pioneer 11 in September 1979 .
Stephen P. Synnott and Bradford A. Smith announced its discovery on July 7 , 1989 , speaking only of â 17 frames taken over 21 daysâ , which gives a discovery date of sometime before June 16 .
The Three Laws form an organizing principle and unifying theme for Asimov 's fiction , appearing in his Robot series , the other stories linked to it and his Lucky Starr series of young-adult fiction .
Father Feijóo believed that demonic possession was a psychological phenomenon .
Vergeer 's singles win was her eighth Australian Open crown , her seventeenth overall , and the fourth time that she has not lost a game during a Grand Slam final .
Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to regulate the flow of the river .
In Robert de Boron 's Merlin , Arthur obtained the throne by pulling a sword from a stone .
'' Lorem Ipsum - All the Facts - Lipsum generator '' ,
Nigel Mansell won the Drivers ' World Championship , and the Williams-Renault team were Constructors ' Champions .
Marco Amelia , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRIFIFA.comAscotSportal.com , -LRB- born April 2 , 1982 in Frascati , Rome -RRB- is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Genoa and the Italian national team .
Choctaw Chief Allen Wright suggested the name in 1866 during treaty negotiations with the federal government regarding the use of Indian Territory , in which he envisioned an all-Indian state controlled by the United States Superintendent of Indian Affairs .
In Germany this was practiced within local communities , where shepherds selected and bred dogs that they believed had traits necessary for herding sheep , such as intelligence , speed , strength , and keen senses of smell .
George Fitzgerald Smoot III -LRB- born February 20 , 1945 -RRB- is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 romantic drama film based on Ben Sherwood 's best-selling novel , The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud published in 2004 by Bantam .
73 -LRB- seventy-three -RRB- is the natural number following 72 and preceding 74 .
'' The Falling Man '' refers to a photograph taken by Associated Press photographer Richard Drew , depicting a man falling from the North Tower of the World Trade Center at 9:41:15 a.m. during the September 11 attacks in New York City .
Naib or NAIB may refer to :
Web software CNR.com also provided access to thousands of web-based applications , providing the Linux community with the option of local Linux and web software , available through a single source .
Biography Early career Salonen , born in Helsinki , Finland , studied horn and composition at the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki , as well as conducting with Jorma Panula .
American Film Institute recognition 1998 AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Movies # 62 2000 AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Laughs # 2 2007 AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Movies -LRB- 10th Anniversary Edition -RRB- # 69 Video release The film was released in VHS in the United States in 1982 , distributed by Columbia Pictures Home Entertainment .
A sampler is an electronic musical instrument similar in some respects to a synthesizer but , instead of generating sounds , it uses recordings -LRB- or '' samples '' -RRB- of sounds that are loaded or recorded into it by the user and then played back by means of a keyboard , sequencer or other triggering device to perform or compose music .
Eracleamare 's Portal Non-profit portal with some information and utilities about Eraclea Mare .
It was officially created -LRB- with part of the province of Milan -RRB- on May 12 , 2004 , but became effective with the elections of 6\/7 June 2009 .
Formal prosecution : The Court of Oyer and Terminer The Court of Oyer and Terminer convened in Salem Town on June 2 , 1692 , with William Stoughton , the new Lieutenant Governor , as Chief Magistrate , Thomas Newton as the Crown 's Attorney prosecuting the cases , and Stephen Sewall as clerk .
Since the year 2000 , economic rejuvenation has spurred on the city 's growth .
The single received a lot of promotion and as a result , '' Audition '' charted for over 3 months on all Korean charts .
Johann Palisa -LRB- December 6 , 1848 -- May 2 , 1925 -RRB- was an Austrian astronomer , born in Opava in Austrian Silesia -LRB- now in the Czech Republic -RRB- .
In 1989 , at the age of eight , Norwood began auditioning for and appearing in television commercials ; he played the foster son in '' The Sinbad Show , from 1993-1994 .
Solitary confinement is colloquially referred to in American English as the ` hotbox ' , the ` hole ' , ` lockdown ' , the ` SHU ' -LRB- pronounced ` shoe ' -RRB- - an acronym for security housing unit , or the ` pound ' ; and in British English as the ` block ' or the ` cooler ' .
The Indian Mutiny : revolt against British colonial rule in India Bleeding Kansas -LRB- 1854 -- 59 -RRB- : battles erupt in Kansas Territory between proslavery and '' Free-State '' settlers , directly precipitating the American Civil War .
The track '' Radio Song '' was written about when they were an unsigned band in Melbourne seeking attention , and '' Rollover DJ '' was written about the difficulty they encountered when trying to play gigs because of the takeover of dance music .
He is appointed second in the kingdom , and , in the ensuing famine , '' all the earth came to Egypt to Joseph to buy grain , because the famine was severe over all the earth .
The oldest member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System , WSU offers more than 80 programs on its main campus , as well as select programs on its satellite Winona , West Campus and Winona State Universityâ '' Rochester .
Other sites in the town include : The birthplace of JÃ n KollÃ r , a Neo-Gothic Catholic church with a valuable altar built on the spot of its ancient predecessor , a Lutheran church built in 1784 , a Mausoleum now hosting the Museum of Crafts , an Art-Nouveau greenhouse , and a garden pavilion from 1800 .
These are popular tourist destinations , with three-tenths of tourists visiting at least one national park during their stay in New Zealand .
Avon , Colorado
He again won the Best Actor Award again at the 43rd Golden Horse Awards on November 24 , 2006 for his role in the film After This Our Exile .
By the time various text-issues are noticed , the user often forgets where those occurred within the edit-buffer , far below .
For album and single sales information , see the Offspring discography page .
This short EP sold out within weeks , and the band followed up with the 1994 full length album For all tid -LRB- ` For all Time ' in English -RRB- This album featured vocal contributions by Vicotnik of Ved Buens Ende and Dødheimsgard and Aldrahn of Dødheimsgard and Zyklon-B .
Moulle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman et al .
Austin , fearful for his life , '' broke down in tears '' and agreed to give Angle a title shot at the upcoming pay-per-view , Unforgiven .
The dandelion was brought to North America by Europeans for use as an herb .
What has come to be known as the U Thant Crisisâ '' the student-led protests over the shabby treatment of U Thant by the Ne Win governmentâ '' was crushed by the Burmese government .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1926/1927 season .
Dufay wrote in most of the common forms of the day , including masses , motets , Magnificats , hymns , simple chant settings in fauxbourdon , and antiphons within the area of sacred music , and rondeaux , ballades , virelais and a few other chanson types within the realm of secular music .
Throughout the series , Gordon must prevail in hostile situations despite overwhelming odds , often without backup .
She also has the most million-selling singles of any female artist -LRB- 14 -RRB- .
Links for the District of Columbia use '' Washington , D.C. '' , links for the state of Georgia use '' Georgia -LRB- U.S. state -RRB- '' and links for the state of New York use '' New York '' .
March 30 & ndash ; Antonio de Cabezón , Spanish composer and organist -LRB- d. 1566 -RRB-
This site also shows some of the earliest evidence of carnivory in H. erectus .
In Plato 's early dialogues , the elenchus is the technique Socrates uses to investigate , for example , the nature or definition of ethical concepts such as justice or virtue .
There are almost forty species of dolphin in seventeen genera .
A Geiger counter , also called a Geiger-M Ã 1\/4 ller counter , is a type of particle detector that measures ionizing radiation .
In 1935 he left Ghana for the United States , receiving a BA from Lincoln University , Pennsylvania in 1939 , where he pledged the Mu Chapter of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity , Inc. , and received an STB -LRB- Bachelor of Sacred Theology -RRB- in 1942 .
Hayes began a stage career at an early age .
bar :1861 text :1861
Together with Charlie Parker , he was a major figure in the development of bebop and modern jazz .
Although katakana syllabograms are used almost exclusively with the Japanese language , its inventory consists of some fifty arbitrary basic glyphs that can be described independent of language , not all of which are used in contemporary Japanese orthography .
Henneveux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Pau Gasol SÃ ez -LRB- born July 6 , 1980 -RRB- is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
Family Oliniaceae
In Japan , Kamo no Ch mei writes the H j ki , one of the great works of classical Japanese prose .
The Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia -LRB- , ' -RRB- , also called the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad , ROCA , or ROCOR -RRB- is a semi-autonomous part of the Russian Orthodox Church .
Maury Allen quoted New York Yankees PR man Arthur Richman that Joe told him that the marriage went wrong from then .
je ne l'ai plus !
These stages are interphase , prophase , prometaphase , metaphase , anaphase and telophase .
ANTARES is the name of a neutrino telescope residing in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Toulon , France .
Austria remained part of the Third Reich until the end of World War II when a preliminary Austrian Government declared the Anschluss '' null und nichtig '' -LRB- null and void -RRB- on 27 April 1945 .
If atoms are taken to be ball-shaped , they have diameters of about 10-8 meters .
Notation Division is often shown in algebra and science by placing the dividend over the divisor with a horizontal line , also called a vinculum or fraction bar , between them .
Wikipedia is available in languages other than English .
Mir Jafar is widely reviled by the people of Bangladesh , India and Pakistan . The word '' mirjafar '' in Bengali and the phrase '' meer jafar '' in Urdu , are used much as quisling is used in English , and Jaichand of Kannauj in Indian history .
It also won the Nebula Award for Best Script for 2005 , the 7th annual ` User Tomato Awards ' for best Sci-Fi movie of 2005 at Rotten Tomatoes , the 2006 viewers choice Spacey Award for favorite movie , the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form and the 2006 Prometheus Special Award .
After leaving the company , they went to wrestle for World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- with The Dead Pool and The Dark Carnival between 1999 and 2000 . On December 19 , 1999 , Bruce and Utsler created their own wrestling promotion , Juggalo Championshit Wrestling -LRB- now known as Juggalo Championship Wrestling -RRB- .
The plane crashed in a field in Stonycreek Township , near Shanksville , in Somerset County , Pennsylvania , about 80 m southeast of Pittsburgh and 150 m northwest of Washington , D.C. , killing all on board including the four hijackers .
Little Bastard helped Finlay win the WWE United States Championship when he tossed him a shillelagh to knock out the United States Champion Bobby Lashley and pick up the win .
Lobon has been popularly nicknamed '' Pisica '' -LRB- The Cat -RRB- in Romania due to his quick reflexes , compared to that of a cat .
Moulin Rouge -LRB- , Red Mill -RRB- is a cabaret built in 1889 by Joseph Oller , who also owned the Paris Olympia .
Fellatio is commonly referred to as a blow job .
During his career , Tennyson attempted drama , but his plays enjoyed little success .
Rise Against 's fifth studio album Appeal to Reason was released on October 4 in Australia , October 6 across Europe , and October 7 in the United States .
He is ridiculed for his big ears , but in fact he is capable of flying by using his ears as wings .
References Further reading External links London Transport Museum Photographic Archive .
The scenic drive from Hobart , via the Tasman Highway to Sorell and the Arthur Highway to Port Arthur , takes around 90 minutes and covers approximately 96 km .
Samuel Liddell -LRB- or Liddel -RRB- '' MacGregor '' Mathers -LRB- January 8 or 11 , 1854 -- November 5 or 20 , 1918 -RRB- was one of the most influential figures in modern Occultism .
It is also an Eisenstein prime .
With his ascension to power , he ended the Crisis of the Third Century .
On May 13 , 1497 , the rigorous Father Savonarola was excommunicated by Pope Alexander VI , and in 1498 , Alexander demanded his arrest and execution .
To speed up the evacuations , authorities used contraflow lane reversal on Interstate 10 leading west of New Orleans , as well as on Interstate 55 and 59 leading north from the city .
The National Hockey League All-Star Game is an exhibition ice hockey game that is traditionally held at the midway point of the regular season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- , with many of the league 's star players playing against each other .
The 11.94 inches\/303 .3 mm that fell at Miller became the wettest Missouri rainfall total associated with a tropical cyclone , or its remains , since at least 1972 .
The central characters are the Reverend Eric Camden -LRB- Stephen Collins -RRB- , his wife Annie -LRB- Catherine Hicks -RRB- , and their seven children : Matt -LRB- Barry Watson -RRB- , Mary -LRB- Jessica Biel -RRB- , Lucy -LRB- Beverley Mitchell -RRB- , Simon -LRB- David Gallagher -RRB- , Ruthie -LRB- Mackenzie Rosman -RRB- and the twins , David -LRB- Lorenzo Brino -RRB- and Sam -LRB- Nikolas Brino -RRB- .
In domestic installations , potable water heated for uses other than space heating is sometimes known as domestic hot water -LRB- DHW -RRB- .
The episode focuses upon a thirteen year old girl , Maria Jackson , discovering the existence of aliens .
Second Epistle of John , traditionally ascribed to the Apostle John , son of Zebedee .
Under the Charities Act 1993 , the Tate is an exempt charity accountable directly to Government rather than the Charity Commission for financial returns etc. .
Homo sapiens idaltu is an extinct subspecies of Homo sapiens that lived almost 160,000 years ago in Pleistocene Africa .
Takahiro Futagawa is a Japanese footballer who plays for Japanese club Gamba Osaka .
-LRB- Ellicott City , the county seat of Howard County , is the largest unincorporated county seat in the United States , followed by Towson , the county seat of Baltimore County , Maryland . -RRB- The county courthouse and county administration are usually located in the county seat , but some functions may also be conducted in other parts of the county , especially if it is geographically large .
Paintings include a 12th-century painted crucifix from the Abbey of San Pietro in Vollore , 14th century works by Pietro Lorenzetti -LRB- Madonna with Child -RRB- and Bartolo di Fredi -LRB- Madonna della Misericordia -RRB- .
Similarly , if you do not want your ideas -LRB- for article organization , categorization , style , standards , etc. -RRB- challenged or developed by others , then do not submit them .
The emperor died from a disease which afflicted him with sores , apparently the first royal victim of smallpox in Japan .
Pappano is the youngest conductor to lead the orchestra of the Royal Opera House in London , accompanying both the Royal Opera and Royal Ballet .
The SM-liiga is the top professional ice hockey league in Finland , and generally regarded as one of the top leagues in Europe .
She was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- in October 1973 .
, and later definitions of an ecumenical council appear to conform to this sole biblical Council , no Christian church calls it a mere ecumenical council , instead it is called the '' Apostolic Council '' or '' Council of Jerusalem '' .
The Trial of the Templars , Cambridge University Press .
Charles Edward Ives -LRB- October 20 , 1874 -- May 19 , 1954 -RRB- was an American modernistLeon Botstein .
The city of Brno is founded in what is now Czech Republic .
However in 1997 the teams involved resolved the dispute and adopted the current name rutherfordium .
In turn , fibulae were replaced as clothing fasteners in the Middle Ages by buttons .
The word '' burzum '' means '' darkness '' in the fictional Black Speech language invented by J.R.R. Tolkien for use in The Lord of the Rings .
Melinae
Ageing in humans refers to a multidimensional process of physical , psychological , and social change .
It was filmed during 2001 and aired from October 11 , 2001 - January 10 , 2002 on CBS .
DennebrÅ '' ucq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Most recently , in the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe in Berlin , the architect Peter Eisenman created a field of some 2,700 blank stelae .
The stadium has 68 executive boxes along the West , North and East Stands .
Shaun Mark Bean -LRB- born 17 April 1959 -RRB- is an English film and stage actor .
Many books and documentaries detailing the plight of the Kakapo have been produced in recent years , one of the earliest being Two in the Bush , made by Gerald Durrell for the BBC in 1962 .
History Limburg 's name derives from the fortified castle town known as Limbourg , situated on the river Vesdre in the Ardennes , now in the Walloon province of Liège .
However , as a restatement of customary international law , the Montevideo Convention merely codified existing legal norms and its principles and therefore does not apply merely to the signatories , but to all subjects of international law as a whole .
Dominique Rocheteau -LRB- born January 14 , 1955 in Saintes , Charente-Maritime -RRB- is a former football striker from France , who is currently the head of the National Commission of Ethics of the French Football Association .
Theodore James -LRB- TJ -RRB- Wilson , sometimes stylized as T.J. Wilson , -LRB- born July 11 , 1980 -RRB- is a Canadian professional wrestler . He is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , and wrestles on the Raw brand as Tyson Kidd .
March 15 & ndash ; Battle of Halmyros : The Catalan Company defeats Walter V of Brienne to take control of the Duchy of Athens .
Because demands placed on one liver enzyme can induce activity in another , many molecules become toxic only in combination with others .
Traffic cones , also called traffic pylons , road cones , highway cones , safety cones , construction cones or -LRB- colloquially -RRB- witches ' hats , are usually cone-shaped markers that are placed on roads or footpaths to temporarily redirect traffic in a safe manner .
Aside from these special occasions , however , much simpler insignia are used whenever a member of the Order attends an event at which decorations are worn .
During the late-1950s and 1960s superhero-revival period known as the Silver Age of Comic Books , he was a founding member of the team the Justice League of America .
Apart from Stoke-on-Trent , Staffordshire is divided into the districts of Cannock Chase , East Staffordshire , Lichfield , Newcastle-under-Lyme , South Staffordshire , Stafford , Staffordshire Moorlands , and Tamworth .
However it is common to hide an entire IP address space , usually consisting of private IP addresses , behind a single IP address -LRB- or in some cases a small group of IP addresses -RRB- in another -LRB- usually public -RRB- address space .
: \* Example : with expanded as the default initial state .
See modern usage below .
Among the more important groups are the diatoms , cyanobacteria , dinoflagellates and coccolithophores .
Advanced sleep phase syndrome -LRB- ASPS -RRB- , characterized by difficulty staying awake in the evening and staying asleep in the morning .
There are three living species and two extinct species in this genus .
The westernmost end of Long Island contains the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn -LRB- Kings County -RRB- and Queens -LRB- Queens County -RRB- . The central and eastern portions contain the suburban Nassau and Suffolk counties .
The new La Mina tribe consisted of Austin , Dan , Misty , Nick , Ruth-Marie , Sally , and Terry .
August 10 -- Ferdinand VI of Spain dies and is succeeded by his half -- brother Charles III .
On December 2 , 2008 , Carolina Hurricanes ' head coach Peter Laviolette was fired and Paul Maurice was rehired in his place .
The soybean -LRB- U.S. -RRB- or soya bean -LRB- UK -RRB- -LRB- Glycine max -RRB- is a species of legume native to East Asia .
Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company
It was later renamed BBC tv until the launch of sister channel BBC2 in 1964 , whereupon it was known as BBC1 , with the current spelling adopted in 1997 .
Zezong , Xi , '' The Discovery of Jupiter 's Satellite Made by Gan De 2000 years Before Galileo , '' Chinese Physics 2 -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 1982 -RRB- : 664 -- 67 .
The algae is named for the Atlantic Ocean 's Sargasso Sea , which hosts a large amount of several species of Sargassum .
The suffix - ol in non-systematic names -LRB- such as paracetamol or cholesterol -RRB- also typically indicates that the substance includes a hydroxyl functional group and so can be termed an alcohol , but many susbtances -LRB- such as citric acid , lactic acid or sucrose -RRB- contain one or more hydroxyl functional groups without using the suffix .
In 1936 , her husband unexpectedly became King when her brother-in-law , Edward VIII , abdicated in order to marry the American divorcée Wallis Simpson .
Mullen and Clayton also collaborated with Mike Mills and Michael Stipe from R.E.M. to form the one-performance group Automatic Baby , solely for the purpose of performing the song '' One '' for Bill Clinton 's inauguration at MTV 's 1993 inaugural ball .
She was the daughter of King Henry II of France and Catherine de ' Medici and the sister of Kings Francis II , Charles IX and Henry III and of Queen Elizabeth of Spain .
With the encouragement of this group of scientists , Stebbins directed his research towards evolution .
Nairobi National Park is a national park in Kenya .
The government of the Netherlands uses a smaller version without the mantle -LRB- cloak -RRB- or the pavilion or sometimes even only uses the shield and crown .
Early life Streicher was born in Fleinhausen , Kingdom of Bavaria , one of nine children of the teacher Friedrich Streicher and his wife Anna -LRB- née Weiss -RRB- .
Francesco Hayez -LRB- February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 -RRB- was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
The region includes a number of mining and pastoral communities , the Joint Defence Space Research Facility at Pine Gap and tourist attractions at Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park , Watarrka National Park and the MacDonnell Ranges .
A popular and critical success , it introduced many Americans to serious science fiction and abstract ideas through television and also through a wide variety of Twilight Zone literature .
To celebrate the final year and history of Yankee Stadium , the 2008 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was played there on July 15 , 2008 . The final regular-season game at Yankee Stadium was played on September 21 , 2008 against Baltimore , the city from which both the Yankees and their great star Babe Ruth originated .
The railway follows the route of the Purbeck branch line between Norden railway station , Corfe Castle railway station , Harman 's Cross railway station , Herston Halt railway station and Swanage .
Seymour 's ambitions led to his being arrested and beheaded ; after which , Sudeley Castle became the property of Catherine 's brother , William Parr , who was the Marquess of Northampton .
It is the largest island in Canada and the fifth largest island in the world , with an area of 507451 k and has a population of 11,000 -LRB- 2007 estimate -RRB- .
The Danube is joined by the Prut River , which forms the border with the Republic of Moldova .
Khowar -LRB- -RRB- , also known as Chitrali , is a Dardic language spoken by 400,000 people in Chitral in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , in the Ghizer district of Gilgit-Baltistan -LRB- including the Yasin Valley , Phandar Ishkoman and Gupis -RRB- , and in parts of Upper Swat .
The elephant birds , which were giant ratites native to Madagascar , have been extinct since at least the 17th century .
There are a total of 326 districts made up of 36 metropolitan boroughs , 32 London boroughs , 201 non-metropolitan districts , 55 unitary authorities , as well as the City of London and the Isles of Scilly which are also districts , but do not correspond to any of these categories .
He studied in Paris at Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris -LRB- Sciences Po -RRB- , where he graduated in 1961 with a diploma in International Relations .
It resembles a traditional naginata , but the main difference was that the handle -LRB- tsuka -RRB- of the nagamaki was not a simple wooden shaft ; it was made more like a katana hilt .
Perhaps due to lack of interest in other enterprises , his attention was drawn to the theme dominating the Irish political scene of the mid-1870s , Isaac Butt 's Home Rule League formed in 1873 to campaign for a moderate degree of self-government .
Levante UD was originally formed in 1909 and was one of the pioneering football clubs in Valencia .
Strengthening continued as it developed a well-defined eye with a diameter of 19 km -LRB- 12 mi -RRB- , and early on May 2 the JTWC estimated the cyclone reached peak winds of 215 km\/h -LRB- 135 mph -RRB- as it approached the coast of Burma , making it a Category 4 storm .
Pavement was an American indie rock band in the 1990s .
Family Antilocapridae : pronghorn -LRB- 1 species -RRB-
Two -LRB- or more -RRB- inductors which have coupled magnetic flux form a transformer , which is a fundamental component of every electric utility power grid .
Etymology According to Maerz and Paul in their Dictionary of Color , the first recorded use of cerise as a color name in English was in 1858 .
His nephew is Aurelio De Laurentiis , also a film producer and the chairman of SSC Napoli football club .
the interlocking circular piece of a LEGO brick
Of course , original submissions are also welcome ; in that case , they could be submitted both to this and to the main Wikipedia -LRB- where it is written in the normal level of English -RRB- .
It is believed that a small human population of at most a few thousand survived the Last Glacial Maximum in Beringia , isolated from its ancestor populations in Asia for at least 5,000 years , before expanding to populate the Americas sometime after 16,500 years ago , during the Late Glacial Maximum as the American glaciers blocking the way southward melted .
The file format created by Adobe Systems in 1993 is used for representing documents in a manner independent of the application software , hardware , and operating system .
The district is named after Mir Jafar Khan Jamali , a Muslim League veteran from Balochistan and a close friend of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah .
In many countries , drowning is one of the leading causes of death for children under 14 years old .
It was the second Australian feature film version of the story of 19th century Australian bushranger Ned Kelly .
John Morton , the person who cast the decisive vote leading to Pennsylvania 's support for the United States Declaration of Independence , was a Finland-Swede -LRB- Note that Finland was still a part of Sweden in the 18th centurary -RRB- .
Fralignes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
There is also a novel series called Reverse , authored by Kaya Kizaki , that tells the characters ' backgrounds .
The affiliation changed several times .
Displays a flag of the named parameter in '' icon '' size , currently 22x20 pixels plus a one pixel border .
Tropical Storm Alberto became a tropical storm further north than any other Atlantic tropical cyclone .
The result is very slow , monotonic , but fluent speech , used only in the speech clinic .
Strand is a street in the City of Westminster , London , England .
The term is sometimes used for similar devices filled with other noble gases , usually to produce different colors .
As with Uranus , this absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane is part of what gives Neptune its blue hue , although Neptune 's vivid azure differs from Uranus 's milder aquamarine .
While traveling through eight worlds with a total of 80 levels , Mario must defeat Bowser Jr. and Bowser before finally saving Princess Peach .
It is the innermost of the outer irregular retrograde satellites of Jupiter , and does not seem to belong to any group .
Döbeln is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Opeth recorded at Fascination Street Studios in Ã -- rebro , Sweden , from March 18 to June 1 , 2005 , and released the resulting Ghost Reveries on August 30 , 2005 , to critical and commercial acclaim .
Meanwhile , Michael Dante DiMartino was interested in a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole .
Melvin '' Mel '' Kaminsky -LRB- born June 28 , 1926 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Mel Brooks , is an American film director , screenwriter , composer , lyricist , comedian , actor and producer .
The Book of Baruch , occasionally referred to as 1 Baruch , is called a deuterocanonical book of the Bible .
It is one of the largest cities in the Sahara .
Prince-Bishopric -LRB- 1213 -- 1803 -RRB- Archbishop Eberhard II of Regensberg was made a prince of the Empire in 1213 , and created three new sees : Chiemsee -LRB- 1216 -RRB- , Seckau -LRB- 1218 -RRB- and Lavant -LRB- 1225 -RRB- .
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton -LRB- ; born October 26 , 1947 -RRB- is the 67th United States Secretary of State , serving in the administration of President Barack Obama .
On July 25 1801 , Zaman Shah was deposed , and Mahmud Shah ascended to rulership .
Trévières is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Sarah Siddons in '' Classic Encyclopedia '' , based on Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition Biography Youth She was born Sarah Kemble in Brecon , Brecknockshire , Wales , the eldest daughter of Roger Kemble , an actor-manager whose travelling company included most members of his family , and Sarah '' Sally '' Ward .
Currently , the domestic dog is listed as a subspecies of Canis lupus , C. l. familiaris , and the Dingo -LRB- also considered a domestic dog -RRB- as C. l. dingo , provisionally a separate subspecies from C. l. familiaris ; the Red Wolf , Eastern Canadian Wolf , and Indian Wolf are recognized as subspecies .
Shalwar or Salwar -LRB- as pronounced in India -RRB- are loose pajama-like trousers .
One or both of the revisions of this diff has been suppressed from the public archives and from administrator view .
Hitler was captivated by Poetsch 's teachings and began regularly reading a local anti-Semitic newspaper .
T.A. Murray built a 12 room house on the land in 1837 .
A weakness of the vertebrate eye is the blind spot at the optic disc where the optic nerve is formed at the back of the eye ; there are no light sensitive rods or cones to respond to a light stimulus at this point .
Year 1773 -LRB- MDCCLXXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar -LRB- or a common year starting on Tuesday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar -RRB- .
Karl-Heinz Metzner -LRB- 9 January 1923 25 October 1994 -RRB- was a German footballer .
It was formerly also spelled Pelew .
Saturn 's moon Mimas has a more spherical shape despite being slightly less massive than Proteus , perhaps due to the higher temperature near Saturn or tidal heating .
id : sfondo value : rgb -LRB-/O1,1,1/O-RRB-
During the period 1972 to 1976 it was particularly associated with gonzo journalism , then became closely associated with punk rock through the writing of Tony Parsons and Julie Burchill .
Saint-Martin-de-Crau is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France .
It was founded in 1829 , and named after Democratic President Andrew Jackson .
Her family life was less than fortunate ; she gave birth to seven children but outlived five of them , and her marriage to William Siddons became strained and ended in an informal separation .
They are frequently joined by fellow childhood friend Cappadonna , a quasi member of the group .
Background Whereas Old Japanese borrowed and adapted the Chinese script to write Japanese , during the Early Middle Japanese period two new scripts emerge : Hiragana and Katakana .
was a after Bun ' and before Bun ` ei .
Large diesel two-stroke engines , as used in ships and locomotives , have always used fuel-injection and produce low emissions .
His other musical project is indie band Babyshambles .
proprietory -LRB- artwork -RRB-
An optional second parameter of will replace the base with '' hex '' .
The scattered disc -LRB- or scattered disk -RRB- is a distant region of the Solar System that is sparsely populated by icy minor planets known as scattered disc objects -LRB- SDOs -RRB- , a subset of the broader family of trans-Neptunian objects -LRB- TNOs -RRB- .
Iowa 's Largest Frying Pan is located in the town .
It is being used in a Social Security Administration building at Woodlawn , Maryland , an unlikely target .
In an epilogue , the principal characters point out the simple moral : that the Devil finds work for idle hands .
Thirst -LRB- -RRB- is a 2009 horror/drama film , written and directed by Park Chan-wook .
He formed Kongu Tamil Youth Groups and gave them native martial arts training to defend Kongu from occupying foreign forces .
This suggests that , in life , the tail could swish to the sides with a high degree of flexibility .
Central Bedfordshire -LRB- Unitary -RRB-
Auld has also played for the New York Rangers , Vancouver Canucks , Florida Panthers , Phoenix Coyotes , Boston Bruins , Ottawa Senators and Dallas Stars of the NHL .
The New York Stock Exchange -LRB- NYSE -RRB- is a stock exchange located at 11 Wall Street in lower Manhattan , New York City , New York , USA .
Kenton Vale is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States .
Cake doughnuts are fried for about 90 seconds at approximately 190 Â C to 198 Â C , turning once .
Max and Moritz , for instance , was an inspiration for the Katzenjammer Kids .
The album has four main singles that were released internationally : '' Speed of Sound '' , '' Fix You '' , and '' Talk '' in 2005 , and '' The Hardest Part '' in 2006 .
Otto III retakes the city of Rome and reinstates his cousin , Pope Gregory V , after mutilating and blinding his rival , Antipope John XVI .
Terry outlasted the other nine , winning immunity .
The host city selection was held in Birmingham , United Kingdom , on June 15 , 1991 , at the 97th IOC session .
Act 1 Scene 1 In a painter 's studio Lulu , the wife of Dr. Goll -LRB- who addresses Lulu as Nelly -RRB- , an elderly doctor , is having her portrait painted .
Because the IPs may eventually be reassigned or the proxies closed , blocks should not be indefinite , but in some particular cases can be very long term .
The area of the territory is 159,500 kmÂ .
With Talib Kweli , he formed the duo Black Star , which released the album Black Star in 1998 .
These include yellowfin tuna in the eastern Pacific Ocean , but not albacore . Tuna schools are believed to associate themselves with dolphins for protection against sharks , which are tuna predators .
Gars is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The archaeological remains of the city are designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Edmilson Alves -LRB- born February 17 , 1976 -RRB- , is a Brazilian midfielder who currently plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2 .
At the same time they announced that the new alliance would be open to all republics of the former Soviet Union , as well as other nations sharing the same goals .
The Violin Concerto was dedicated '' to the memory of an Angel , '' Manon , the deceased daughter of architect Walter Gropius and Alma Mahler .
The '' 40-foot telescope '' proved very cumbersome , however , and most of his observations were done with a smaller 18.5 i 20 f reflector .
In Gotham City , the Joker and his accomplices rob a mob bank .
Sinclair wrote the novel to highlight the plight of the working class and to show the corruption of the American meatpacking industry during the early-20th century .
Sir Christopher Wren -LRB- 20 October 1632 -- 25 February 1723 -RRB- is one of the most highly acclaimed English architects in history .
Her story of escape from the Bolsheviks who killed the rest of her family in 1918 seems so vivid that many Russian expatriates are willing to believe her .
MediaWiki 's most famous use has been in Wikipedia and , to a lesser degree , Wikimedia 's other projects .
The East Asian calligraphic tradition originated and developed from China .
After the 2008 WWE Draft the WWE Champion Triple H was drafted to SmackDown , moving the WWE Championship to the SmackDown brand .
Crossing longitude 180 Â , they are the westernmost part of the United States -LRB- and by one definition the easternmost ; see Extreme points of the United States -RRB- . Nearly all the archipelago is part of Alaska and usually considered as being in the '' Alaskan Bush '' , but at the extreme western end the small , geologically-related , and remote Commander Islands are in Russia .
Mission , British Columbia , district municipality
The core provision , section 1 stated that '' the Greater London Council ; and the metropolitan county councils '' shall cease to exist .
A plate block , or plate-number block is a block of postage stamps that includes the part of the sheet margin with the serial number of the printing plate -LRB- s -RRB- used to print the stamps .
The municipality comprises the towns of Buggenhout proper , Briel , Opdorp , and Opstal .
Gatorade is a brand of flavored non-carbonated sports drinks manufactured by the Quaker Oats Company , now a division of PepsiCo .
In the late 19th century , during the Scramble for Africa , France seized control of Mali making it a part of French Sudan . French Sudan -LRB- then known as the Sudanese Republic -RRB- gained independence in 1959 with Senegal , as the Mali Federation .
Constance Georgine Markiewicz , Countess Markiewicz -LRB- née Gore-Booth ; 4 February 1868 -- 15 July 1927 -RRB- , was an Irish Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil politician , revolutionary nationalist , suffragette and socialist .
Colin Luther Powell -LRB- ; born April 5 , 1937 -RRB- is an American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army .
It is the series ' first 3D game .
To get a detailed quote , simply upload your book to PediaPress and select your country and currency .
In past years , the '' Mansfield Balloon Festival '' celebrated hot air balloons , and drew crowds and enthusiasts from across the state .
The total area is 67.68 km which gives a population density of 118 inhabitants per km .
It was renamed Mumbai in 1995 .
It is the volume of a cube with edges one metre in length .
Maputo , formerly Lourenço Marques/Lourenzo Marques , is the capital and largest city of Mozambique .
Van Buren -LRB- -RRB- is the second largest city in the Fort Smith , Arkansas-Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area and the county seat of Crawford County , Arkansas , United States .
The national and official language is Spanish ; 31 indigenous languages are also spoken , including Guajibo , Pemon , Warao , Wayuu , and the various Yanomaman languages .
Located at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Western Asia , it is bounded by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west , and Iran to the south .
Cremation is the process of reducing dead bodies to basic chemical compounds in the form of gases and bone fragments .
BBC News Campbell quits as Lib Dem leader
The American Academy of Dermatology distinguishes 5 types of tattoos : Traumatic tattoos , also called '' natural tattoos '' , that result from injuries , especially asphalt from road injuries or pencil lead ; Amateur tattoos ; Professional tattoos , both via traditional methods and modern tattoo machines ; Medical tattoos ; Cosmetic tattoos , also known as '' permanent makeup '' .
New Orleans Saints -LRB- - -RRB-
Very complex and plastic life cycles of pliciloricids include also paedogenetic stages with different forms of parthenogenetic reproduction .
After a period of growth , they plated equal volumes of these separate cultures onto agar containing phage -LRB- virus -RRB- .
The Amor asteroids are a group of near-Earth asteroids named after the asteroid 1221 Amor .
Secretary of State or State Secretary is a commonly used title for a senior or mid-level post in governments around the world .
He is married to Mary Archer , a scientist specialising in solar power .
The band are currently signed to Fiction Records , and released their début album Colour It In in May 2007 .
The yellowish eggs are laid in clusters on the host plant leaves .
In the 1960s , Schwarzkopf concentrated nearly exclusively on five operatic roles : Donna Elvira in Don Giovanni , Countess Almaviva in The Marriage of Figaro , Fiordiligi in CosÃ fan tutte , Countess Madeleine in Strauss 's Capriccio , and the Marschallin .
1988 Davey O'Brien Award
1999 & ndash ; The Salt Lake City Tornado tears through the downtown district of the city , killing one .
The building of the National Theatre was inaugurated on November 18 1883 with a performance of Smetana 's festive opera Libuše composed for this occasion .
The instrument is depicted in numerous Armenian manuscripts of the Middle Ages .
He was born in Qubadyan , a village in middle-age Bactria in modern Tajikistan and died in Yamagan , a village in Badakhshan province of Afghanistan .
Cusco -LRB- Cusco -RRB-
Vesta was normally represented by a stylized hearth -LRB- , â -RRB- .
The sea is technically a part of the Atlantic Ocean , although it is usually identified as a completely separate body of water .
Slovenia borders Italy on the west , the Adriatic Sea on the southwest , Croatia on the south and east , Hungary on the northeast , and Austria on the north .
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
In January 1900 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Avebury , his title commemorating the largest Stone Age site in Europe .
The term combat -LRB- French for fight -RRB- typically refers to armed conflict between military forces in warfare , whereas the more general term '' fighting '' can refer to any violent conflict .
Since blackcurrant berries are a rich source of vitamin C and blackcurrant plants are suitable for growing in the UK climate , blackcurrant cultivation was encouraged by the British government .
The Soviet authorities deport more than 92,000 people from the Baltics to remote areas of the Soviet Union .
Each Braille character , or cell , is made up of six dot positions , arranged in a rectangle containing two columns of three dots each .
Brasschaat is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of Antwerp .
\/O/ \* Styles for geography infoboxes , eg countries , country subdivisions , cities , etc. \* \/O/ .
In December 1999 , aged ten , he realized his ambition and made his acting debut in the BBC 's televised two-part adaptation of the Charles Dickens novel David Copperfield , portraying the title character as a young boy .
The 1980 Summer Olympics sailing regatta was held in the capital city Tallinn .
In some Middle Eastern countries , coffee and cardamom are often ground in a wooden mortar ; a mihbaj , and cooked together in a skillet ; a '' mehmas '' over wood or gas , to produce mixtures that are as much as forty percent cardamom .
A local area network -LRB- LAN -RRB- is a computer network covering a small physical area , like a home , office , or small group of buildings , such as a school , or an airport .
Caseneuve is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The feud was finally settled with a Hell in a Cell match at Armageddon , where The Undertaker offered to retire if he lost .
William Hickling Prescott -LRB- May 4 , 1796 â '' January 29 , 1859 -RRB- was an American historian and Hispanist , who is widely recognized by historiographers to have been the first American scientific historian .
The fish fauna was remarkably uniform , reflecting the fact that very few families survived the Permian extinction .
In 1998 , the Explorer was the first ship to circumnavigate James Ross Island ; and the same year , she is claimed to have been the first ship , as distinct from river boat , to sail 80 m above Iquitos , Peru , to the point where the MaraÃ Ã n and Ucayali rivers meet to become the Amazon River .
For the automobile , see Porsche 924 .
ISBN 0-914171-78-X and produce '' seeds '' that are technically called achenes .
Kimberly Ann Hart The original Pink Power Ranger and later the Pink Ninja Ranger .
One important step towards protecting albatrosses and other seabirds is the 2001 treaty the Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels , which came into force in 2004 and has been ratified by thirteen countries , Australia , Argentina , Brazil and Chile Ecuador , New Zealand , Spain , South Africa , France , Peru , Uruguay and the United Kingdom .
She is nevertheless remembered as the '' Blood Countess '' or '' Bloody Lady of achtice '' , after the castle near Tren ín in Slovakia -LRB- formerly the Kingdom of Hungary -RRB- where she spent most of her adult life .
The island of Kythira , off the Epidaurus Limera peninsula to the south of the Peloponnese , is considered to be part of the Ionian Islands .
Some other priced goods are also treated as commodities , e.g. human labor-power , works of art and natural resources , even although they may not be produced specifically for the market , or be non-reproducible goods .
Description Xinjiang is a large , sparsely populated area , spanning over 1.6 million km2 -LRB- comparable in size to Iran or Western Europe -RRB- , which takes up about one sixth of the country 's territory .
December 15 -- The Battle of Tricamarum begins , and Belisarius defeats a new Vandal force under Gelimer and Tzazo .
As well as '' bilberry '' , these include blaeberry -LRB- or -RRB- , whortleberry , -LRB- ground -RRB- hurts , whinberry , winberry , windberry , wimberry , myrtle blueberry and fraughan .
George Gideon Oliver OsborneMembers Sworn -LRB- Hansard , 19 June 2001 -RRB- -LRB- born 23 May 1971 -RRB- is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom , and has been the Member of Parliament for Tatton since 2001 .
Meca FC ;
Gorgonops -LRB- literally '' Gorgon face '' -RRB- is an extinct genus of therapsid which lived about 255-250 million years ago , during the latest part of the Permian Period .
Le Sourd is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Scottish Premier League is currently ranked tenth in the UEFA rankings of European leagues , which are based on the performances of member clubs in European competitions .
The first recorded reference is made to the game of cricket .
The Green Screen international wildlife film festival is held annually in Eckernförde , Germany .
Today , its port still operates and the town remains a popular seaside holiday location .
Apologetic proverbs -LRB- also known as Wellerisms after Sam Weller in Charles Dickens 's The Pickwick Papers -RRB- , make fun of established proverbs by showing that they are wrong in certain situations , often when taken literally .
Themes in YA stories often focus on the challenges of youth , so much so that the entire age category is sometimes referred to as problem novels or coming of age novels .
The municipality comprises the town of Sint-Genesius-Rode only .
At the tip of the peninsula lies Cape York , the northernmost point on the Australian continent .
It closed in -LRB- or possibly soon after -RRB- 1761 .
Kerlon Moura Souza -LRB- born 27 January 1988 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for ParanÃ Clube , on loan from Internazionale .
The Plain English Campaign -LRB- PEC -RRB- is a commercial editing and training firm based in the United Kingdom .
Yoshihiro Natsuka -LRB- born October 7 , 1969 in Funabashi , Chiba , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He said the stage during which he was allegedly using drugs was easy so there was no need .
The following day , Germany invaded the Low Countries , and Chamberlain considered remaining in office . However , Attlee confirmed that Labor would not serve under Chamberlain , though it was willing to serve under someone else , and Chamberlain went to Buckingham Palace to resign and advise the King to send for Churchill .
Most observed white dwarfs have relatively high surface temperatures , between 8,000 K and 40,000 K/O. A white dwarf , though , spends more of its lifetime at cooler temperatures than at hotter temperatures , so we should expect that there are more cool white dwarfs than hot white dwarfs .
Molecular phylogenetics , which uses DNA sequences as data , has driven many recent revisions and is likely to continue to do so .
It is the birthplace of Igor Kurchatov , a famous Soviet/Russian physicist .
Kellogg is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
Known as the '' Carnation Revolution '' , one of the first acts of the MFA-led government which then came into power - the National Salvation Junta -LRB- Junta de Salvação Nacional -RRB- - was to end the wars and negotiate Portuguese withdrawal from its African colonies .
In mathematics , a power of two is any of the integer powers of the number two ; in other words , two multiplied by itself a certain number of times .
During this time , he became a member of the Coro Nacional of Peru and sang as a soloist in Mozart 's Coronation Mass and Rossini 's Petite Messe Solennelle .
This has been established by a very clear consensus and any editor adding lists of digits of pi is liable to be blocked from editing without further warning .
As a rapidly growing city with a quickly changing skyline , the estimated population for Cancún is 705,000 in 2010 an increase 20 % from the census in 2005 .
Beetroot salad -LRB- Pantzarosalata -RRB- , boiled and sliced beetroots , sometimes with beet greens as well , dressed with olive oil and red wine vinegar .
Kahn also holds a masters degree in Slavic studies from Columbia University .
Bowling Green is the fourth-most populous city in the state of Kentucky after Louisville , Lexington , and Owensboro , although Bowling Green is poised to surpass Owensboro when the 2010 census is calculated .
It was written by John Lennon , although credited to Lennon\/McCartney .
In early 2006 between 22 January and 9 April the line was shut down for engineering works .
Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 romantic drama film based on Ben Sherwood 's best-selling novel , The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud published in 2004 by Bantam .
Taylor was a descendent of William Brewster , one of the Pilgrims ; James Madison was Taylor 's second cousin , and Robert E. Lee was a kinsman .
In 1921 Gustav Holst adapted the music from a section of Jupiter from his suite The Planets to create a setting for the poem .
The signs listed as compatible with Sagittarius do not reflect an individual profile or individual reading as interpreted within astrology , but rather reflect a general guideline and reference to compatibility as dictated by variables such as Qualities and Elements within the Zodiac .
Some of the Wikipedia bots , which perform repeated robotic edits to many articles , are focused on really tiny updates to articles , with some even correcting the grammar in vandalism jokes or within hacked text that will soon be removed .
The 1987 Cricket World Cup held in India and Pakistan was the first World Cup hosted outside of England .
Naoko Mori -LRB- born November 19 , 1971 -RRB- is a British actress of Japan descent known for roles as Sarah , Saffron 's ` odd ' friend in Absolutely Fabulous , Mie Nishikawa in Casualty , and Toshiko Sato in Doctor Who and Torchwood .
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by the English novelist Jane Austen .
The All-Star Game is played under normal NBA rules , but there are notable differences from an average game .
Near the end of World War II , German troops blew up all bridges crossing the Lusatian Neisse .
There are also Ibadis in Algeria , Tunisia , East Africa as well as Libya .
Resident Evil : The Umbrella Chronicles , known in Japan as , Capcom , Biohazard The Umbrella Chronicles : Official Guide BookCapcom , Biohazard The Umbrella Chronicles : Art of Arts is an on-rails shooting game .
Later , at his birthday reception , Heinrich Himmler and Hermann Fegelein plead with Hitler to allow himself to be evacuated from the city .
The word is a Latin term meaning '' the three ways '' or '' the three roads '' forming the foundation of a medieval liberal arts education .
In 68 , the rebellion of Vindex in Gaul and later the acclamation of Galba in Hispania drove Nero from the throne .
Year 1420 -LRB- MCDXX -RRB- was a leap year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Nonant is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
An ellipsis can also be used to indicate a pause in speech , an unfinished thought , or , at the end of a sentence , a trailing off into silence -LRB- aposiopesis -RRB- -LRB- apostrophe and ellipsis mixed -RRB- .
Le Perrier is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Camille Dalmais , better known as Camille -LRB- born in 1978 in Paris , France -RRB- , is a French singer , songwriter and occasional actress .
The event was commemorated one year later by the Fête de la Fédération .
Units The SI unit of electric potential is the volt -LRB- in honor of Alessandro Volta -RRB- .
ZÃ 1\/4 sedom is a municipality in the Uecker-Randow district , in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .
; Diamond Necklace A diamond necklace is a necklace that incorporates diamonds .
Until 1880 , Sisley lived and worked in the countryside west of Paris ; then Sisley and his family moved to a small village near Moret-sur-Loing , close to the forest of Fontainebleau where the painters of the Barbizon school had worked earlier in the century .
Apremont is a commune in the Vendée department in western France .
Making the film had proved to be an arduous experience for the actors ; in addition to Monroe 's distress , Montgomery Clift had frequently been unable to perform due to illness , and by the final day of shooting , Thelma Ritter was in hospital suffering from exhaustion .
He had an enormous influence on musical life in Britain : he improved access immensely , and also raised the standard of orchestral playing and nurtured the taste of the public , introducing them to a vast repertoire of music , encouraging especially compositions by British composers .
Edward VI -LRB- 12 October 1537 â '' 6 July 1553 -RRB- became King of England and Ireland on 28 January 1547 and was crowned on 20 February at the age of nine .
It is a colorless , very poisonous , flammable gas with the characteristic foul odor of rotten eggs .
Colorado is part of the Western United States , the Mountain States , and the Southwestern United States .
Vienne-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
André George Previn KBE -LRB- born Andreas Ludwig Priwin ; April 6 , 1929 -RRB- is a German-born naturalised American pianist , conductor , and composer .
Its surface Gravity must be about six to eight times that of Jupiter 's .
The organization developed and expanded rapidly in the mid-1960s before dissolving at its last convention in 1969 .
2009-07-01 .
At the beginning of the 19th century it was a small town of 7,000 inhabitants .
Ordered by the central government in West Pakistan , this was seen as the sequel to '' Operation Blitz '' which had been launched in November 1970 .
Audience profile 1Xtra 's typical audience is between 15 and 30 years old .
Oldest known mention of the city of Dortmund .
This resulted in the team playing their home matches for two seasons at Gillingham 's Priestfield Stadium , over 70 m from Brighton , before moving to Withdean Stadium .
Owusu Benson or Benson Owusu -LRB- born 22 March 1977 -RRB- is a Ghanaian football player .
Two larger white areas on top of the head were initially believed to also be photophores , but have turned out to be photoreceptors .
HTML , which stands for HyperText Markup Language , is the predominant markup language for web pages . HTML is the basic building-blocks of webpages .
Likewise , the second was known as a '' second minute '' , meaning '' the second small division '' of the hour .
The Washington Nationals are a professional baseball team based in Washington , D.C. .
Cavignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
When on land , the Platypus lives in a short , straight , oval hole .
It is currently the unit used for speed limits , and speeds , on roads in the United Kingdom and United States .
Please use the sandbox for any tests , and consider using the Article Wizard .
Batista won the World Heavyweight Championship on April 3 at WrestleMania 21 .
Following the last obligatory daily prayer -LRB- isha -RRB- special , optional tarawih prayers are offered in larger mosques .
Rutter 's compositions are chiefly choral , and include Christmas carols , anthems and extended works such as a Gloria , a Magnificat , and a Requiem .
1982 & ndash ; U.S. President Ronald Reagan proclaims a War on Drugs .
Meowth collects the objects at every opportunity and hoards in its nest .
In 2007 she became the presenter of ITV 's coverage of the British Touring Car Championship alongside Ted Kravitz .
The VEX Robotics Design System is a robotic kit intended to introduce students as well as adults to the world of robotics .
Schizanthus -LRB- -RRB- , Sunset Western Garden Book , 1995:606 -- 607 -- common names butterfly flower , fringeflower , poor-man 's - orchid -- is a genus of plants in the Solanaceae -LRB- nightshade -RRB- family .
His control of the sport , which grew from his pioneering the sale of television rights in the late 1970s , is chiefly financial , but under the terms of the Concorde Agreement he and his companies also manage the administration , setup and logistics of each Formula One Grand Prix .
Albany is a town in Pepin County , Wisconsin , United States .
The UK nevertheless remains a major power with strong economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence .
In 2009 , it had a population of about 205,000 http://demo.istat.it/ official ISTAT estimates and it is the capital of the autonomous region Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Trieste province .
Although the vastly outnumbered Confederates had inflicted casualties and slowed the Union advance on Saltville , they were incapable of halting it .
1948 , the municipalities Glinde , Oststeinbek , Havighorst and Schönningstedt were amalgamated to the Amt Glinde .
She is a five-time Japanese National Champion , a three-time World Championship medalist , a three-time Four Continents Champion and the 2003-2004 Grand Prix Final Champion .
-RRB-
Dates and times can be found at their website and people can sign up to receive the Museum 's e-newsletter .
Jennifer Taylor , minor character in the TV series Queer as Folk
Wives of male members also feature on the order of precedence , as do sons , daughters and daughters-in-law of Knights Grand Cross and Knights Commanders ; relatives of female members , however , are not assigned any special precedence .
After WWII ended , at last on his feet with the success of Pygmalion and Major Barbara , Pascal rushed to Germany to search for his son Peter , but he was listed among the missing Hitler-Jugend .
Pouzauges is a municipality in the French département of Vendée , Pays de la Loire .
Although Windows 2000 is the last NT-based version of Microsoft Windows which does not include Windows Product Activation , Microsoft has introduced Windows Genuine Advantage for certain downloads and non-critical updates from the Download Center for Windows 2000 .
For planets with an orientation and rotation similar to the Earth 's , the subsolar point will move westward , circling the globe once a day , but it will also move north and south between the tropics over the course of a year .
It produces white four-petaled flowers .
Members of the genus Bison are large even-toed ungulates within the subfamily Bovinae .
The prosecution entered indictments against 24 major war criminals and six criminal organizations - the leadership of the Nazi party , the Schutzstaffel -LRB- SS -RRB- and Sicherheitsdienst -LRB- SD -RRB- , the Gestapo , the Sturmabteilung -LRB- SA -RRB- and the High Command of the German armed forces -LRB- OKW -RRB- .
Research suggests that negative symptoms contribute more to poor quality of life , functional disability , and the burden on others than do positive symptoms .
In the summer of 2006 , Cold War Kids signed to Downtown Records -LRB- home to Gnarls Barkley , Art Brut -RRB- and released their debut LP Robbers & Cowards that fall .
Percy locates Grover through his empathy link in Central Park and finds him under a giant elm tree , whereupon Percy wakes him up by yelling , -LRB- via empathy link -RRB- '' FOOD , PANCAKES ! ''
To date , the court has opened investigations into four situations : Northern Uganda , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Central African Republic and Darfur .
César Auguste Jean Guillaume Hubert Franck -LRB- 10 December 1822 -- 8 November 1890 -RRB- was a Dutch-Belgian-French composer , pianist , organist and music teacher whose symphonic , chamber , and keyboard works are '' among the most distinguished contributions in the field by any French musician . ''
Some degradation factors can be controlled by use of appropriate packaging .
Both The Mammoth Book of the World 's Greatest Chess Games and Modern Chess Brilliancies include more games by Tal than any other player .
1943 & ndash ; The , the first U.S. Navy ship to be named after a black person , is commissioned .
The Clarence S. Campbell Bowl , also called the Campbell Trophy , is a National Hockey League trophy awarded to the Western Conference playoff champions .
Bananas are likely to have been first domesticated in Papua New Guinea .
If a block cipher -LRB- not operating in a stream cipher mode -RRB- were to be used in this type of application , the designer would need to choose either transmission efficiency or implementation complexity , since block ciphers can not directly work on blocks shorter than their block size .
Desdemona , Othello 's wife and daughter of Brabantio
It has six continents which rise above the oceans to form land .
Headingley railway station -LRB- formerly known as Headingley and Kirkstall railway station until some point early in the 20th Century -RRB- is off Kirkstall Lane in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England on the Harrogate Line 3 m north west of Leeds .
It lies between the North Atlantic Ocean and the North Sea , coming within of the northwest coast of France , from which it is separated by the English Channel .
The majority of residents in Wetherby work in Leeds , however many work on the Sandbeck industrial estate , major retailers in the town center or the Thorp Arch Trading Estate .
Located close to the border with Germany , it is the capital of the Bas-Rhin department .
Discovery Channel SE Asia now divided into three channel feeds .
While some Vaccinium species , such as Vaccinium parvifolium , the Red Huckleberry , are always called huckleberries , other species may be called blueberries or huckleberries depending upon local custom .
The coup leaders , who had been assembled as an expeditionary force to suppress the American independence movements , compelled a reluctant Ferdinand to reinstate the liberal Spanish Constitution of 1812 .
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial -LRB- often referred to as just E.T. -RRB- is a 1982 American science fiction film co-produced and directed by Steven Spielberg , written by Melissa Mathison and starring Henry Thomas , Dee Wallace , Robert MacNaughton , Drew Barrymore , and Peter Coyote .
From the 1840s to the 1870s , baseball players various types of hats , such as straw hats , boating caps , jockey caps , and even cycling caps .
The Latin word basilica -LRB- derived from Greek , Basilikè Stoá , Royal Stoa , the tribunal chamber of a king -RRB- , was originally used to describe a Roman public building , usually located in the forum of a Roman town .
When the château was built , Versailles was a country village ; today , however , it is a suburb of Paris , some twenty kilometres southwest of the French capital .
A shear line stalled in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft dug into the northeast Gulf of Mexico .
Tarascon -LRB- -RRB- , sometimes referred to as Tarascon-sur-Rh ône , is a town and commune in the Bouches-du-Rh ône département , in the south of France .
Retrieved 17 November 2007 .
Biz Stone explains that all messages are instantly indexed and that '' with this newly launched feature , Twitter has become something unexpectedly important - a discovery engine for finding out what is happening right now . ''
According to an early review by iFixIt , the Kindle 2 features a Freescale 532 MHz , ARM-11 90 nm processor , 32 MB main memory , 2 GB moviNAND flash storage and a 3.7 V 1530 mAh lithium polymer battery .
Fark is a community website created by Drew Curtis that allows members to comment on a daily batch of news articles and other items from various websites .
Mohenjo-daro An Ancient Indus Valley Metropolis
Although Byron had numerous relations with women , it is now known that John Murray , Byron 's original publishers , had withheld compromising letters and instructed at least one major biographer -LRB- Leslie A. Marchand , 1957 -RRB- to censor details of his bisexuality .
Image : Illu repdt male .
Several universities are in Wichita , the largest being Wichita State University with an enrollment of 15,000 students .
The theater was inaugurated on 3 August 1778 and was originally known as the New Royal-Ducal Theatre at La Scala -LRB- -RRB- .
Le Theil-Bocage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Johnny Shines -LRB- April 26 , 1915 -- April 20 , 1992 -RRB- was an American blues singer and guitarist .
In atomic physics and quantum chemistry , electron configuration is the arrangement of electrons of an atom , a molecule , or other physical structure .
In 1889 , after the end of his third term as governor , he accepted the new cabinet position of Secretary of Agriculture in the Benjamin Harrison administration .
1918 & ndash ; Audra Lindley , American actress -LRB- d. 1997 -RRB-
He clipped his namesake corner the second time , and when asked why by Jeremy Clarkson , replied , '' I dunno - I just do n't like it . ''
It was the only Tarzan film project for which Edgar Rice Burroughs was personally involved in the production .
Some scholars believe 2 Peter to be a pseudepigraphal work .
Nor ` easter s form along the East Coast of the United States , usually in the months between October and April , although nor ` easter s can form any time of the year .
The angle of the slats may be adjustable , usual in blinds and windows , or fixed .
It is the 15th-most populous municipality in the European Union .
Production companies : Solar Films ; Kisi Productions ; The Icelandic Film Company , YLE
January 12 & ndash ; The first American museum opens to the public in Charleston , South Carolina .
The third contest was a standard match for the ECW Championship in which the champion , CM Punk defended against Big Daddy V , who was accompanied by Matt Striker .
The Bundesrat The Bundesrat -LRB- Federal Council -RRB- represents the state governments at the federal level .
He would also play for the Seattle Metropolitans and Portland Rosebuds .
Before retirement he became a professor of psychiatry at New York University , a senior psychiatrist in the New York City Department of Hospitals , and a psychiatrist and the director of the Mental Hygiene Clinic at the Bellevue Hospital Center .
In fact , many people now attempt to induce sleep paralysis , in order to have an Out of Body Experience .
She would write her height as 5 ' 11 '' .
In 1502 Leonardo entered the service of Cesare Borgia , the son of Pope Alexander VI , acting as a military architect and engineer and travelling throughout Italy with his patron .
It was a universal law , applying to the stars and the galaxies as much as to biological organisms , and to human social organization as much as to the human mind .
Transcription is the process of creating a complementary RNA copy of a sequence of DNA .
The medical community began paying more attention than previously to primary sleep disorders , such as sleep apnea , as well as the role and quality of sleep in other conditions . By the 1970s in the USA , clinics and laboratories devoted to the study of sleep and sleep disorders had been founded , and a need for standards arose .
They were executed by firing squad .
Böll was awarded the Georg Büchner Prize in 1967 and the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1972 .
Parenty is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As of 2010 , it builds on the HSQLDB database engine written in Java .
April 2009 Review of SimplyMEPIS 8.0
Nauru , officially the Republic of Nauru and formerly known as Pleasant Island , is an island nation in Micronesia in the South Pacific .
In the field of linguistics , a sentence is an expression in natural language , and often defined to indicate a grammatical unit consisting of one or more words that generally bear minimal syntactic relation to the words that precede or follow it .
Charles Edward Ives -LRB- October 20 , 1874 -- May 19 , 1954 -RRB- was an American modernist Leon Botstein .
She performed at the 2007 O2 Wireless Festival and also performed at the first Underage Festival in August 2007 at Victoria Park , East London .
Badshah Munir Bukhari and the Director Khowar Academy , Rehmat Aziz Chitrali worked on the language and its family .
The run is commemorated by the annual Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race .
Most classical Greeks thought that the war was an historical event , but many believed that the Homeric poems had exaggerated the events to suit the demands of poetry .
G.R. Hawting , The first dynasty of Islam : the Umayyad caliphate , AD 661-750 -LRB- London , 2000 -RRB- .
Alzonne is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
The results of a study showed that the ingestion of one , 250mL can of sugar-free Red Bull , in a sample of 30 healthy young adults , had an immediate detrimental effect on both endothelial function , and normal blood coagulation .
Twilight Comes Twice is a children 's book of free verse written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Kate Kiesler .
For other royal ladies named Meresankh , see Meresankh .
Six movies have been made with the title Moulin Rouge : In 1928 , directed by Ewald André Dupont .
The Museo Teatrale alla Scala -LRB- La Scala Theatre Museum -RRB- , accessible from the theater 's foyer and a part of the house , contains an extraordinary collection of paintings , drafts , statues , costumes , and other documents regarding opera and La Scala 's history .
The series was written by Mayall with his then-girlfriend Lise Mayer , and with Ben Elton -LRB- who had attended the University of Manchester with Mayall and Edmondson -RRB- .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Yokohama FC .
In 1833 he published his Two Expeditions into the Interior of Southern Australia during the years 1828 , 1829 , 1830 and 1831 , of which a second edition appeared in 1834 .
Gary Andrew Naysmith -LRB- born 16 November 1978 in Edinburgh , Scotland -RRB- is a Scottish footballer , currently playing for Huddersfield Town in League One and has been capped for the Scotland national team 46 times .
During his wandering life in Germany , France and Italy he worked as a theologian , physician , legal expert and soldier .
As of 2000 the population was 163,256 .
During the American Civil War , Richmond served as the capital of the Confederate States of America , and many important American Civil War landmarks remain in the city , including the Virginia State Capitol and the White House of the Confederacy , among others .
Kenyanthropus platyops is a 3.5 to 3.2 million year old -LRB- Pliocene -RRB- extinct hominin species that was discovered in Lake Turkana , Kenya in 1999 by Justus Erus , who was part of Meave Leakey 's team .
While Formula One has generally been regarded as the pinnacle of open-wheeled auto racing , the high performance nature of the cars and the expense involved in the series has always meant a need for a path to reach this peak .
As Prime Minister , Bowell faced the troublesome Manitoba Schools Question .
Oswald J. Chambers -LRB- born July 24 , 1874 in Aberdeen , Scotland ; died November 15 , 1917 in Egypt -RRB- was a prominent early twentieth century Scottish Protestant Christian minister and teacher , best known as the author of the widely-read devotional My Utmost for His Highest .
Area III is across Las Vegas Boulevard from Area I . It contains housing , Mike O'Callaghan Federal Hospital , and open space .
In 2009\/10 he tied for 1st-5th with Eduardas Rozentalis , Pavel Ponkratov , Luke McShane and Igor Lysyj at the 39th Rilton Cup in Stockholm .
October 2 & ndash ; King Richard III of England -LRB- d. 1485 -RRB-
Hopeful , a resident of Vanity , takes Faithful 's place to be Christian 's companion for the rest of the way .
The intensity held around 80 mph -LRB- 130 km\/h -RRB- before strengthening slightly late on September 22 , despite losing some tropical characteristics -LRB- it was operationally downgraded to a tropical storm for a brief period -RRB- as it accelerated northeast in the north Atlantic .
This period spanned the years from 1261 to 1264 .
'' Welcome to Paradise '' is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Following a successful title defense on February 5 , James teamed with Super Crazy in a mixed tag team match against Melina and Johnny Nitro .
For Pi Day 2010 , Google presented a Google Doodle celebrating the holiday , with the word Google laid over images of circles and pi symbols .
Until the 19th century , Classical Armenian was the literary language ; since then , the Armenian alphabet has been used to write the two modern dialects of Eastern Armenian and Western Armenian .
Hodgkin 's lymphoma , previously known as Hodgkin 's disease , is a type of lymphoma , which is a cancer originating from white blood cells called lymphocytes .
The barns are typically the oldest and biggest buildings to be found on the farm .
One shared meeting with WG III had taken place , with a published summary .
He was interred in the Ronco cemetery in Ronco , Ticino , Switzerland after a Catholic funeral .
The Willis Tower is the tallest building in the United States and the fifth-tallest freestanding structure in the world , as well as the fifth tallest building in the world to the roof .
Winona is a city in and the county seat of Winona County , in the U.S. State of Minnesota .
Maizières is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
AndrÃ George Previn KBE -LRB- born Andreas Ludwig Priwin ; April 6 , 1929 -RRB- is a German-born naturalised American pianist , conductor , and composer .
The novel received favorable reviews in several major newspapers .
In rats , guarana increased memory retention and physical endurance when compared with a placebo .
Other names include Cochito , Gulf of California Harbor Porpoise , Gulf of California Porpoise , Gulf Porpoise , Hafenschweinswal , and Marsouin du Golfe de Californie .
The seal , depicting a mounted cowboy surrounded by a 64-pointed starburst , was designed by Mrs. Gene Brown Pennington .
The villages in the borough are popular with commuters to Bedford , and also with people who commute to Milton Keynes and to London .
Nielles-l Ã s-Bl Ã quin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The population density of the state is 41.3 people per square mile , making it the least densely populated state in New England , the American northeast , the eastern seaboard , of all of the states with an Atlantic coastline and of all of the states east of the Mississippi River .
is a song by Canadian Alternative rock band Our Lady Peace , and was the second single released from their third album , Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch .
Tarawih prayers are prayed in pairs of two and can be prayed in at least 20 rakaâ Ä t according to the two major schools -LRB- Hanafis , Shafi ` i -RRB- of Islam .
Retraction requires the contraction of two internal longitudinal muscles , known as the sternoglossi .
In June of 2004 , scientists still have not discovered proof of any life on Mars , either living now or extinct .
` Tenor Juan Diego Flórez es ejemplo para la juventud y expresión del orgullo peruano ' , afirma Jefe de Estado Presidencia de la República del Perú '' , Presidencia de la República del Perú Nota de Prensa N 581 , 4 June 2007 .
The molecules -- as distinct from atoms -- of a gas or liquid rarely experience perfectly elastic collisions because kinetic energy is exchanged between the molecules ' translational motion and their internal degrees of freedom with each collision .
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of seven fantasy novels for children written by C. S. Lewis .
It is positioned between the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean .
The services began on 1 November 2005 .
Southern Praying Mantis -LRB- , which reads in Cantonese as Nam -LRB- south -RRB- Pai -LRB- Clan -RRB- Tong Long , translated as Praying Mantis-where the literal translation means ` King Insect -RRB- is a Chinese martial art native to the Hakka people -LRB- , in Cantonese read Ha Ka or Ha Ga , a reference to descendants of the Han Dynasty who later migrated south at a time of political unrest -RRB- .
Scholars traditionally divide Slavic languages on the basis of geographical distribution into three main branches , some of which feature subbranches :
The Triassic is a geologic period that extended from about 250 to 200 Mya -LRB- million years ago -RRB- .
Mennevret is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
He also plays for the Nigerian national team .
Pargny-les-Bois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Sambia Rites of passage Other cultures have rites of passage into manhood that culminate in the first ejaculation of a male , usually by the hands of a tribal elder .
Its protagonist , skeptical old scholar Sylvester Bonnard , embodied France 's own personality .
To the East and West of the Peninsula Ridge lie the Carpentaria and Laura Basins , themselves made up of ancient Mesozoic sediments .
The Beluga can live for more than 50 years .
The province as of June 20 2006 is divided into the following municipalities -LRB- municipios -RRB- and municipal districts -LRB- distrito municipal - D.M. -RRB- within them :
Neam -LRB- -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in the historic region of Moldavia , with the county seat at Piatra Neam .
Daniel Grayling '' Dan '' Fogelberg -LRB- August 13 , 1951 â '' December 16 , 2007 -RRB- was an American singer-songwriter , composer , and multi-instrumentalist , whose music was inspired by sources as diverse as folk , pop , rock , classical , jazz , and bluegrass music .
He also worked as a butler for Dr. Middleton F. Cuthbert , a prominent white physician , and occasionally worked as a White House caterer .
If the cipher is a symmetric key cipher , both will need a copy of the same key .
Bailleul-l Ã s-Pernes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Acanthomyops bureni Wing , 1968
The Compton effect was observed by Arthur Holly Compton in 1923 and further verified by his graduate student Y. H. Woo in the years following .
The word '' Torah '' in Hebrew '' is derived from the root '' which in the hifil conjugation means '' to teach '' -LRB- cf . Lev .
Saxe-Altenburg
Though he was only nearly six at the time , he remembered the half-year-long trip vividly .
1884 & ndash ; Hideki Tojo , Prime Minister of Japan -LRB- d. 1948 -RRB-
By the beginning of 1940 , they were trapped in Amsterdam by the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands .
Both sexes produce this highly nutritious substance to feed to the young .
Almost a decade after the sports injury , Ozawa won the first prize at the International Competition of Orchestra Conductors in Besançon , France .
Dandurand was born in Bourbonnais , Illinois .
Melee and Super Smash Bros. . Brawl , in which Zelda can change into Sheik as one of her abilities .
Next album = Prison Bound -LRB-/O1988/O-RRB-
The Tokugawa shogunate , also known as the and the , was a feudal regime of Japan established by Tokugawa Ieyasu and ruled by the shoguns of the Tokugawa family .
Nuclear espionage is the purposeful giving of state secrets regarding nuclear weapons to other states without authorization -LRB- espionage -RRB- .
West Flanders -LRB- Dutch : -RRB- is the westernmost province of the Flemish Region , also named Flanders , in Belgium .
See also List of Russian Field Marshals .
In preparation for potential fallout between Pixar and Disney , Jobs announced in late 2004 that Pixar would no longer release movies at the Disney-dictated November time frame , but during the more lucrative early summer months .
Scotland also has Britain 's only publicly funded Air Ambulance service , comprising of two Eurocopter EC 135 Helicopters -LRB- based in Glasgow & Inverness -RRB- and two Beechcraft B200C King Air fixed-wing aircraft -LRB- based at Glasgow & Aberdeen -RRB- .
During the 1960s and early 1970s Disney films took on the trend of comedy , rather than story , heart , and drama .
Elive is a fully functional distribution with a Live CD counterpart that allows the user to sample the distribution before installing it on the system .
In the historical classification of La Liga Athletic Bilbao are in 4th place and one of only three clubs which have never been relegated from La Liga -LRB- the others being Real Madrid and Barcelona -RRB- .
It seems that for each type of layout , there was one bastide that was an example on how to build such a layout .
Shallow seas flanked the margins of several continents , which had resulted from the relatively recent breakup of the preceding supercontinent Pannotia .
The introduction of these early diesel multiple units originated in a British Transport Commission report of 1952 that suggested the trial use of diesel railcars .
It was officially adopted less than a year after independence , by loi n 62-72 du 9 août 1962 .
It is identical to the flag of Saint Patrick , incorporated into the Union Flag of the United Kingdom to represent the union of the Kingdom of Great Britain with the Kingdom of Ireland .
King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents The Steve Miller Band -LRB-/O2002/O-RRB-
Charles A. Johns -LRB- June 25 1857 - January 11 1932 -RRB- was an American lawyer , jurist and politician who served as the 47th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court .
In March 2009 the city , like elsewhere in Swat , came under Taliban rule due to a peace agreement with the government .
Frostbite -LRB- congelatio in medical terminology -RRB- is the medical condition where localized damage is caused to skin and other tissues due to extreme cold .
However , he played his entire professional career in the Basque Country , solely representing Real Sociedad -LRB- 1973 -- 86 -RRB- .
The Erie Canal is a waterway in New York that runs about from Albany , New York on the Hudson River to Buffalo , New York at Lake Erie , completing a navigable water route from the Atlantic Ocean to the Great Lakes .
Müritz is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , Germany .
Zack & Wiki : Quest for Barbaros ' Treasure , known as in Japan as , is an adventure\/puzzle video game published and developed by Capcom for the Wii video game console .
In 1952 , WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden merged with WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern and Baden into the present state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
The term tube is more widely used in the United States , whereas pipe is more common elsewhere in the world .
Christopher Theodore Ruben Studdard -LRB- born September 12 , 1978 -RRB- , best known as Ruben Studdard , is an American R&B , pop , and gospel singer . He rose to fame as winner of the second season of American Idol .
Lithuania Personal union with Poland in 1386-1401 , then from 1447 to 1569 -LRB- with a break in 1492-1501 -RRB- - the Polish-Lithuanian Union .
Visual cortex
Command of the women 's camp , which was separated from the men 's area by the incoming railway line , was held in turn by Johanna Langefeld , Maria Mandel , and Elisabeth Volkenrath .
Montagu Island is the largest of the South Sandwich Islands , located in the Weddell Sea off the coast of Antarctica .
The head is white with a dark mask across the eyes , reaching to the sides of the neck .
Native applications for Windows XP , Windows Vista , Windows 7 and Mac OS X -LRB- Intel only -RRB- are available through Google Labs .
The Outer Hebrides , -LRB- officially known for local government purposes by the Gaelic name , Eilean Siar -RRB- comprise an island chain off the west coast of Scotland .
Club AtlÃ tico Progreso , usually known simply as Progreso is an Uruguayan football club based in Montevideo . It currently plays in the Second Professional Division .
Jaspers made his professional debut in the 2001 â '' 02 season with the Coyotes affiliate the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League .
This high propellant efficiency is achieved through the very frugal propellant consumption of the ion thruster propulsion system .
The Monsterican Dream is a 2004 album by Lordi .
Strictly speaking in many jurisdictions no formalities are necessary to start an association .
It was also claimed to be useful as a digestive aid , for lowering high blood pressure , and , infused with vinegar , for curing hiccups .
There are many possible issues which may be included in a peace treaty , and a treaty 's content usually depends on the nature of the conflict being concluded .
In its second phase , Synthetic Cubism , the movement spread and remained vital until around 1919 , when the Surrealist movement gained popularity .
A Perfect Circle has released three albums : Mer de Noms , Thirteenth Step and Emotive .
Historically a part of County Durham , it lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne opposite Newcastle upon Tyne and together they form the urban core of Tyneside .
Originally published in Latín tardío y romance temprano en España y la Francia carolingia -LRB- Madrid : Gredos , 1989 -RRB- , 9 -- 13 and 261 -- 64 , translated from Late Latin and Early Romance in Spain and Carolingian France -LRB- Liverpool : 1982 -RRB- .
In 1900 , the RodrÃ guez Castelao family returned to Rianxo .
'' Rap Metal Rulers '' , Rolling Stone No. 891 , March 14 , 2002 Shinoda characterized the lyrics as interpretations of universal feelings , emotions , and experiences , and as '' everyday emotions you talk about and think about . ''
In 2006 , her alma mater , Ku-ring-gai High School , named its library after her .
The text is conveyed via devices connected over a network such as the Internet .
Statistical induction , also known as statistical inference .
Little of that wall remains ; it lay farther north than the current wall , which was built during the Ming Dynasty .
Link 's Crossbow Training , known in Japan as , is a shooting video game published and developed by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
Simple accounting is mentioned in the Christian Bible -LRB- New Testament -RRB- in the Book of Matthew , in the Parable of the Talents .
He made his debut for the Dutch national team in February 2009 , and participated in the Netherland 's silver winning performance at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
Allied bombings during World War II destroyed the industrial section of the city -LRB- mainly the shipyards -RRB- .
It contains songs from albums published by Neat Records , as well as some previously unreleased material
Fans are encouraged to sing along .
The Douglas DC-8 is a four-engined jet airliner , manufactured from 1958 to 1972 by the Douglas Aircraft Company .
Northeastern State University & ndash ; Broken Arrow , Oklahoma
Cape Town became the legislative capital of the Union , and later of the Republic of South Africa .
If the Chelseaâ '' Hackney line were to be built it would relieve a lot of congestion on the Victoria line , offering an alternative route across Central London between Victoria and King 's Cross St. Pancras .
Search will still maintain its own user interface , but will eventually feature '' Powered by Bing '' branding .
He was famously accused of corruption in an impeachment in 1787 , but was acquitted in 1795 .
He spend most of his time in Sligo
-LRB- For the continuation of the Grand Tour , see the Uranus and Neptune sections of the article on Voyager 2 . -RRB-
He famously showed that the probability of a mutation increasing the fitness of an organism decreases proportionately with the magnitude of the mutation .
Emine ErdoÄ an -LRB- born Emine GÃ 1\/4 lbaran on February 21 , 1955 -RRB- is the wife of twenty-seventh Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip ErdoÄ an .
Herlincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As it resided in the nuclei of cells , he called it '' nuclein '' .
After Caesar 's assassination , Antony formed an official political alliance with Octavian -LRB- Augustus -RRB- and Marcus Aemilius Lepidus , known to historians today as the Second Triumvirate .
Rock painting was also performed on cliff faces , but fewer of those have survived because of erosion .
Thermometers are another example of an application of thermal expansion -- most contain a liquid which is constrained to flow in only one direction -LRB- along the tube -RRB- due to changes in volume brought about by changes in temperature .
The Socratic method is a negative method of hypothesis elimination , in that better hypotheses are found by steadily identifying and eliminating those that lead to contradictions .
Located in the Century City area of Los Angeles , just west of Beverly Hills , the studio is a subsidiary of News Corporation , the media conglomerate owned by Rupert Murdoch .
Jane had been widowed only a few months before her trial for witchcraft in 1612 , and had seven children .
Biological tissues that accumulate over 100 times the level in blood plasma of vitamin C are the adrenal glands , pituitary , thymus , corpus luteum , and retina .
In the Indian civilisation birch-bark , along with dried palm leaves , replaced parchment as the primary writing medium .
This asteroid has an unusually slow rate of rotation , requiring 17.4 days to complete a 360 ° revolution about its axis .
It was a tough choice of choosing which tempo to play , because sometimes it sounded too rushed , and sometimes it sounded as if it was dragging ... '' The band was trying to get the right tempo , according to Nelson , '' because a beat either side of the tempo we picked did n't have the same groove '' .
He began his career as a television meteorologist at KGBT-TV in Harlingen , Texas , working there for two years before moving to the Tampa area in 1994 and joining WFLA-TV .
The island is treeless , with the tallest plant , the Arctic Willow , growing occasionally to about the height of a person 's knee but usually standing no taller than 10 c.
This is because blankets are for warmth , while sheets are for hygiene , comfort and aesthetics .
Oldham Cricket Club are a cricket team , based at The Pollards in the Watersheddings area of Oldham , Greater Manchester , England .
Sir William Aylsham Bryan Hopkin -LRB- December 7 , 1914 & ndash ; October 10 , 2009 -RRB- was a Welsh economist .
Cushing is a city in Payne County , Oklahoma , United States .
The arrival of William of Orange to launch the Glorious Revolution of 1688 took place at Brixham .
Meanwhile , Rachel is searching for Chloe before Vivian gets home .
Liberal Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- GDR -RRB- -LRB- 1946-52 -RRB-
Given the similarity of the orbit 's parameters with Psamathe -LRB- S\/2003 N 1 -RRB- , it was suggested that both irregular satellites could have a common origin in the break-up of a larger moon .
The record features the songs '' Whatever '' and '' Lord Do n't Slow Me Down '' which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album -LRB- although the latter did appear on the Dig Out Your Soul discbox -RRB- .
In the province , there are six municipalities -LRB- municipios -RRB- and seven municipal districts -LRB- distrito municipal -RRB- within them .
Giza is a thriving center of Egyptian culture and is quite heavily populated , with many facilities and buildings in the current area .
Spyro the Dragon is a platform game developed by Insomniac Games for the PlayStation . It stars the title character , a young purple dragon named Spyro and his dragonfly friend , Sparx , and is the first game in the Spyro the Dragon series .
DreamWorks Animation has produced some of the highest grossing animated hits of all time , such as Antz -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB- , The Prince of Egypt -LRB-/O1998/O-RRB- , Shrek -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB- , its sequels Shrek 2 -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , Shrek the Third -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- and Shrek Forever After -LRB-/O2010/O-RRB- ; Shark Tale -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , Madagascar -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB- , Over the Hedge -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- , Flushed Away -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- , Bee Movie -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- , Kung Fu Panda -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- and How to Train Your Dragon -LRB-/O2010/O-RRB- .
See Google groups thread .
The first consumer oriented print magazine dedicated solely to video gaming was Computer and Video Games which premiered in the U.K. in November 1981 , two weeks ahead of the U.S. launch of the next oldest video gaming publication Electronic Games magazine .
Rather , they calssify earthquakes by the effects they have -LRB- and the descruction they cause -RRB- .
Born in Munich , Baader was a high school dropout and criminal before his Red Army Faction -LRB- RAF -RRB- involvement .
The directors and guards of the Western powers -LRB- France , Britain , and the United States -RRB- , repeatedly voiced opposition to many of the stricter measures and made near-constant protest about them to their superiors throughout the prison 's existence , but they were invariably vetoed by the Soviet Union , which favored a tougher approach .
The mass graves on The Isle of the Dead also attract visitors .
Legalism was a utilitarian political philosophy that did not address higher questions like the nature and purpose of life .
It is native to eastern North America from Southern Ontario and Illinois eastward across southern New England and south to central Florida and Louisiana .
William Ashley '' Billy '' Sunday -LRB- November 19 , 1862 -- November 6 , 1935 -RRB- was an American athlete who , after being a popular outfielder in baseball 's National League during the 1880s , became the most celebrated and influential American evangelist during the first two decades of the 20th century .
Northeastern State University -LRB- NSU -RRB- is a public university located in Tahlequah , Oklahoma , near the of the Ozark Mountains .
Weather Glossary : S. Retrieved on 2006-11-19 .
Tatar , along with Russian , is the official language of the Republic of Tatarstan .
There are around 300 recognized octopus species , which is over one-third of the total number of known cephalopod species .
The Report of the Brundtland Commission , Our Common Future , was published by Oxford University Press in 1987 .
Development -LRB- journal -RRB- , an academic journal in developmental biology
Biot is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Livingstone stood for Parliament in the 1987 general election , winning a seat in the north-west London constituency of Brent East .
The Black-capped Chickadee -LRB- Poecile atricapillus -RRB- is a small , common songbird , a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae .
La Chartre-sur-le-Loir is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Sam David Koch -LRB- pronounced Cook -RRB- -LRB- born August 13 , 1982 in Seward , Nebraska -RRB- is an American football punter for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
The disk is described as logical because it does not actually exist as a single physical entity in its own right .
The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago , Illinois , playing in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
Masakazu Tashiro -LRB- , born June 26 , 1988 in Meguro , Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the Machida Zelvia in the Japan Football League .
Black Sun Empire Recordings is a Dutch drum and bass record label run by production trio Micha Heyboer , Milan Heyboer & Rene Verdult aka Black Sun Empire .
The Benin national football team , nicknamed Les Ã cureuils -LRB- The Squirrels -RRB- , is the national football team of Benin and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration BÃ ninoise de Football . They were known as the Dahomey national football team until 1975 , when Dahomey became Benin .
COI situations are usually revealed when the editor themself discloses a relationship to the subject that they are editing .
She also lost in the second round of the doubles event -LRB- partnering Francesca Schiavone -RRB- to Shahar Pe ` er and Gisela Dulko .
The contestants were divided into two tribes : Maraamu and Rotu -LRB- Marquesan for ` Wind ' and ` Rain ' respectively -RRB- .
JJ Lin is managed by Ocean Butterflies .
Bloody Disgusting - Win a copy of THE DEAD ONE Another screening was held at the first annual Whittier Film Festival on March 7 of 2008 where it won the Best Feature Film award .
African Americans are concentrated in Palm Springs ' northern and eastern ends , as well in small sections of Indio and Desert Hot Springs , but local blacks live everywhere in middle-class and wealthy areas , blacks are less than 5 percent of the local population .
It carries a poor prognosis , with less than 5 % of patients surviving beyond five years after diagnosis .
The word derives from the Greek '' '' -LRB- mania -RRB- , '' madness , frenzy '' , Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library and that from the verb '' '' -LRB- mainomai -RRB- , '' to be mad , to rage , to be furious '' .
Drop when a wrestler is booked to lose to a contender -LRB- the loser agreed to drop the match to the winner -RRB- .
Majesco has also released two other Nancy Drew games for the DS , entitled Nancy Drew : The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society -LRB- released July 2008 -RRB- and Nancy Drew : The Hidden Staircase , based on the second book in the original Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series -LRB- released September 2008 -RRB- .
; also known as Ooyamatohikosukitomo no Mikoto ; was the 4th emperor of JapanImperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O4/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession .
That is the usual way we make meta-templates since wikimarkup has several drawbacks .
Because so much biodiversity was lost , the recovery of life on Earth took significantly longer than after other extinction events .
The unmanned spacecraft was developed by NASA Ames Research Center as part of the Pioneer spacecraft series -LRB- 6-12 -RRB- , and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on April 5 , 1973 .
Despite receiving widespread attention in popular books on dinosaurs , and the usage of a complete mounted skeleton cast in museums throughout the world , Dromaeosaurus is surprisingly poorly known from actual fossils .
Located in the historic region Transylvania , SighiÅ oara has a population of 32,287 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
October 25 , 1892 -RRB- , wife of Benjamin Harrison , was First Lady of the United States from 1889 until her death .
Buxtehude , along with Heinrich Schütz , is considered today to be one the most important German composers of the mid-Baroque .
Japanese director Ryuhei Kitamura directed the 2008 film Midnight Meat Train from Jeff Buhler 's screenplay based on Barker 's short story of the same name for Lakeshore Entertainment and Lionsgate .
Friedrich Ebert -LRB- 4 February 1871 28 February 1925 -RRB- was a German politician -LRB- SPD -RRB- , who served as Chancellor of Germany and its first president during the Weimar period .
The Cromwell current was discovered in 1952 by Townsend Cromwell a researcher with the Honolulu Laboratory .
The phrase is commonly attributed to SÃ ren Kierkegaard ; however , he himself never used the term , as he referred to a leap as a leap to faith .
Afterward , the title was removed from the active titles list on WWE 's title histories web page to the defunct championship list .
It was also released on the PlayStation Store in September 2008 and via Xbox Live Marketplace 's Games on Demand in August 2009 .
In late 2005 , the album Are You Dead Yet ?
Henshaw , Stanley K. , Singh , Susheela , & Haas , Taylor .
For the lake see Dease Lake -LRB- British Columbia -RRB- .
Examples include the '' earth tones '' of deer , squirrels , or moles -LRB- to match trees or dirt -RRB- , or the combination of blue skin and white underbelly of sharks via countershading -LRB- which makes them difficult to detect from both above and below -RRB- .
On the same day , voters in the Republic voted separately to change their constitution in line with the Agreement .
Early European settlers mistranslated the words '' Doutta-galla '' which are believed to have been the name of a prominent tribal member , but said by some to also translate as '' treeless plain '' .
The Brainin Teaching Method for ` development of musical intelligence in children ' Brainin Method on the youtube became a standard part of the curriculum .
The station is also a terminus for services via the Hainault loop .
22 Kalliope is a large main belt M-type asteroid discovered by J. R. Hind on November 16 , 1852 .
Sachin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Takayuki Suzuki -LRB- born June 5 , 1976 in Hitachi -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who last played for Portland Timbers in the USSF Division-2 Professional League .
Advancement of technology On 11 January 1954 , the first in-vision weather forecast was broadcast , presented by George Cowling .
Christian IV -LRB- 12 April 1577 -- 28 February 1648 -RRB- was the king of Denmark-Norway from 1588 until his death .
Paula Jane Radcliffe , MBE -LRB- born 17 December 1973 -RRB- is an English long-distance runner . She is the current women 's world record holder in the marathon .
Gravy is commonly served with roasts , meatloaf , rice , Real Cajun Recipes : : Rice and Gravy and mashed potatoes .
Cargo cults occurred periodically in many parts of the island of New Guinea , including the Taro Cult in northern Papua New Guinea and the Vailala Madness that arose in 1919 and was documented by F. E. Williams , one of the first anthropologists to conduct fieldwork in Papua New Guinea .
The duo are now working on Pantaloonies customised jeans , which Bonham Carter describes as '' a kind of scrapbook on the bum '' .
After failing to win reelection in 1892 , he returned to private life at his home in Indianapolis where he remarried , wrote a book , and later represented the Republic of Venezuela in an international case against the United Kingdom .
1890 & ndash ; Anna Månsdotter becomes the last woman in Sweden to be executed , for the 1889 Yngsjö murder .
Between 1950 and 1980 , reflectivity radars , which measure position and intensity of precipitation , were built by weather services around the world .
His relations with Leo Tolstoy and Fyodor Dostoyevsky were often strained , as the two were , for various reasons , dismayed by Turgenev 's seeming preference for Western Europe .
Organization The DEA is headed by an Administrator of Drug Enforcement appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the U.S. Senate .
After signing with the WWF , Reso made his debut and captured his first title with the company , the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship , and would hold onto it for a month .
In the 2008 -- 09 season , he appeared in the playoffs for an NHL record 24th time , having missed the playoffs only twice -LRB- 1997 -- 98 and 2009 -- 10 -RRB- in his entire career .
It is distinguished from a chanson , which is a folk or popular song .
Some of the ideas in this Gita are however common to both Shaivite , and Buddhist Tantras and Vaishnava Agamas .
Zenobia pulverulenta -LRB- Honeycup -RRB- is the sole species in the genus Zenobia , in the flowering plant family Ericaceae .
1908 & ndash ; Grand Canyon National Monument is created .
While large domesticated turkeys are generally unable to fly , smaller , lighter domesticated turkeys known as '' heritage turkeys '' and '' wild turkeys '' can fly .
Most belong to the family Cladorhizidae , but a few members of the Guitarridae and Esperiopsidae are also carnivores .
Nouakchott -LRB- Arabic : or -LRB- believed translation from Berber '' The place of the winds '' , Naw k -RRB- -RRB- is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania .
Robinson made his Royals debut at Daytona Beach 's City Island Ballpark on March 17 , 1946 , in an exhibition game against the team 's parent club , the Dodgers .
Its permanent exhibition began in 2007 , as a centerpiece for the museum 's Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art .
Like '' Tortues , '' this is also a musical joke - the thematic material is taken from Felix Mendelssohn 's Incidental Music to A Midsummer Night 's Dream and Hector Berlioz 's Dance of the Sylphs .
Time Flies ... 1994 -- 2009 is a compilation album released by English rock band Oasis .
Furthermore , numerous neighborhoods exist -LRB- such as Washington Heights in New York City or Little Havana in Miami -RRB- in which entire city blocks will have only Spanish language signs and Spanish-speaking people .
However , even in the land hemisphere , the ocean area still exceeds the land area -LRB- albeit , only slightly -RRB- .
French sociologist Roger Caillois , in his book Les jeux et les hommes -LRB- Games and Men -RRB- ,
Serving in this role , he also gained a reputation as an authority on county law , sought out by the council and clerks of other regions .
The Detroit Lions are an American football team based in Detroit , Michigan .
It also houses a team building behind the pit building , Media Center , Dragster Track , VIP Tower and Ferrari World Theme Park .
Donkey Kong spawned the sequels Donkey Kong Jr. and Donkey Kong 3 , as well as the spin-off Mario Bros. .
Ralph Dale Earnhardt , Sr. -LRB- April 29 , 1951 -- February 18 , 2001 -RRB- was an American race car driver , best known for his career driving stock cars in NASCAR 's top division .
William Dwight Schultz -LRB- born November 24 , 1947 -RRB- is an American stage , television , and film actor .
Guillem de Castro y Bellvis -LRB- 1569 -- July 28 , 1631 -RRB- was a Spanish dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age .
By 1866 enrollment increased to 1,205 students , many of whom were Civil War veterans .
By 1939 the overall SS was divided into three groups : the Allgemeine-SS -LRB- General SS -RRB- , the Waffen-SS -LRB- Armed SS -RRB- and SS-Totenkopfverbände , which administered the concentration camps .
The district capital is the town of Lenzburg .
There they meet King Herod of Judea , and ask where the king of the Jews had been born .
Susie Derkins Susie Derkins , the only important secondary character with both a given name and a family name , is a classmate of Calvin 's who lives in his neighborhood .
The islands , covering a combined area of slightly over , are of volcanic origin and while three of them -LRB- Sal , Boa Vista and Maio -RRB- are fairly flat , sandy and dry , the remaining ones are generally rockier and have more vegetation .
It is located about 43 kilometres south of Gunnedah Breeza is located in the Liverpool Plains agricultural region , and the area around Breeza in particular is called the '' Breeza Plains '' .
Warwick Castle is situated in the town of Warwick , on a sandstone bluff at a bend of the River Avon .
Oba Chandler -LRB- October 11 , 1946 in Cincinnati , Ohio -RRB- is a convicted rapist and murderer currently on death row in Florida for the 1989 triple-murders of a woman and her two daughters whose bodies were found in Tampa Bay , Florida .
Giovanni Trapattoni -LRB- born March 17 , 1939 -RRB- is an Italian football coach , considered the most successful club coach in the history of Serie A , and former player .
Metallica -LRB- also known as The Black Album -RRB- is the eponymous fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
One of the lengthiest documentaries of any medium -LRB- 48 hours in the 1969 version , 52 hours for the 1978 version -RRB- , The History of Rock & Roll is a definitive history of the Rock and Roll genre , stretching from the early 1950s to its day .
According to the Oxford English Dictionary , the word verandah originated in India where it is found in several native languages .
Rather , ruminants ' requirement for glucose -LRB- for brain function and lactation if appropriate -RRB- is made by the liver from propionate , one of the volatile fatty acids made in the rumen .
A further six years elapsed before Nine Inch Nails ' fourth full-length album , With Teeth , was released in 2005 , though it was leaked prior to its official release date .
Marciano considered his 50th professional fight for early January 1956 -LRB- around January 2 -RRB- , but due to the lack of suitable competition , Marciano announced his retirement on Friday , April 27 , 1956 .
The company was founded by Charles Hyde and David Vredenburg , when they opened a general store in Beaconsfield , Iowa , in 1930 .
The Isthmus of Corinth is the narrow land bridge which connects the Peloponnese peninsula with the mainland of Greece , near the city of Corinth .
The series was created by Tim Maile and Douglas Tuber and produced by 2121 Productions , a part of Brookwell McNamara Entertainment .
Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman , directed by Christopher Nolan .
The first Green cabinet minister in German history was going to be Joschka Fischer who later became minister of Foreign Affairs in the German Federal Government under Chancellor Gerhard Schröder .
Colin Lee was sacked after a shambolic display at Gillingham , though the reason given for his dismissal was his decision to speak to Plymouth Argyle about their vacant manager 's position .
Tomas become the twelfth hurricane of the season and crossed the Windward Islands as a Category 1 hurricane . After that , southwesterly shear and dry air weakened Tomas to a tropical storm .
Likened to television science educators Mr. Wizard and Bill Nye , Brown explores the science and technique behind the cooking , the history of different foods , and the advantages of different kinds of cooking equipment .
His dominating play during his rookie season resulted in the New York media and Rangers fans giving him the nickname '' King Henrik '' .
Parves is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
By using cocoa powder and low amounts of cocoa butter , bar chocolate was then possible to manufacture . The term '' chocolate '' then came to mean solid chocolate , rather than hot chocolate .
It is believed that the seafaring Taínos are relatives of the Arawakan people of South America .
Muscatine is a city in Muscatine County , Iowa , United States .
Sports days and swimming gala There are 2 sports days every year .
Blood tests are also used to identify and measure tumor markers that are specific to testicular cancer .
If you really need to talk to someone now , the fastest way is to call the Kids Helpline phone number 1800 55 1800 and speak with a counsellor in person .
Robert Anson Heinlein -LRB- July 7 , 1907 -- May 8 , 1988 -RRB- was an American science fiction writer .
Motoaki Inukai is a former Japanese association football player .
A waggle dance consists of one to 100 or more circuits , each of which consists of two phases : the waggle phase and the return phase .
The SNS was finally transformed into INSEE by the law of 27 April 1946 , The National Institute of Statistics and Economic Surveys for the metropolis and overseas France -LRB- L'Institut national de la statistique et des Ã tudes Ã conomiques pour la mÃ tropole et la France d'outre-mer -RRB- .
It seems to have started in Texas and then spread north , through the Great Plains , as far as British Columbia .
The initial 1996 IRL season , as well as the first two races of the 1996-97 season , featured engines with specifications left over from the rival CART series competition .
The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty , although its history is tied with lands as far south as the California border .
Akilathirattu was recorded on palm leaves until 1939 , when it was given printed form .
Other anonymizing proxy servers , known as elite or high anonymity proxies , only include the REMOTE_ADDR header with the IP address of the proxy server , making it appear that the proxy server is the client .
Along with ice hockey and basketball , football is one of the most popular sports in Russia today .
The B&O Roundhouse and Station Complex was first constructed in 1849 .
The census of 1901 gave a total of 25,468,209 .
Cupid , also called Amor , is the god of love in Roman mythology .
A second type of subtropical cyclone is a mesoscale low originating in or near a frontolyzing zone of horizontal wind shear , also known as a dying frontal zone , with radius of maximum sustained winds generally less than 50 kilometers -LRB- 30 miles -RRB- .
problem is again NP-complete .
'' Scoff '' is '' a parting salvo at Don and Wendy , '' and '' Negative Creep '' was written by Cobain about himself .
The ISP data uses the high-frequency band -LRB- 25 kHz and above -RRB- whereas the voice utilizes the lower-frequency band -LRB- 4 kHz and below -RRB- .
Founded in 1881 , the BSO plays most of its concerts at Boston 's Symphony Hall and in the summer performs at the Tanglewood Music Center .
Main characters Isabella '' Bella '' Swan -- The series ' protagonist , teenager Bella is a perpetually clumsy '' danger magnet '' with dark brown hair and brown eyes .
Marcillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
EspÃ rito Santo 's main cities -LRB- outside of the Greater VitÃ ria region -RRB- are Cachoeiro de Itapemirim , Colatina , Linhares , SÃ # o Mateus and Aracruz .
In 2004 , Le Guin was the recipient of the Association for Library Service to Children 's May Hill Arbuthnot Honor Lecture Award and the Margaret Edwards Award .
Oklahoma State University - Center for Health Sciences & ndash ; Tulsa , Oklahoma
However , Panathinaikos is the second most successful regarding the titles conquered in Greek competitions .
Artists such as Bill Haley , The Beach Boys , Jimi Hendrix , Pink Floyd , Deep Purple and The Nice performed at the Sportpalast during the building 's final decades .
Wessel 's elder brother Johan Herman Wessel was a major name in Danish-Norwegian literature .
The Monterey International Pop Music Festival was a three-day concert event held June 16 to June 18 , 1967 at the Monterey County Fairgrounds in Monterey , California .
One can not say : '' with probability -LRB- 1 â ' Î -RRB- the parameter Î 1\/4 lies in the confidence interval . ''
Economy The province relies on tobacco farming , with Pinar del Río producing 70 % of Cuba 's crop , used to make the cigars that are so prized overseas .
Villeneuve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Donald Frank '' Don '' Cheadle , Jr. -LRB- ; born November 29 , 1964 -RRB- is an American actor , film producer , philanthropist , and author .
After two demos the band received a contract with AFM Records in 1995 .
Sulz , Aargau in the canton of Aargau , Switzerland
The term was first applied in England to the king 's officers generally , such as sheriffs , mayors , etc. , and more particularly to the chief officer of a hundred .
Serenity visual effects supervisor Loni Peristere stated in a Los Angeles Times article , '' Traditionally this would have been , like , a 30-day shoot .
Wikipedia is not a dictionary or a slang , jargon or usage guide .
Stephano -LRB- or -RRB- is a retrograde irregular satellite of Uranus .
The unknown knight defeats Telramund but spares his life .
AmayÃ - sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Messing was inclined to take some time off , but the script intrigued her , and she auditioned for the role of Grace Adler , beating out Nicollette Sheridan , who later guest-starred on the show as a romantic rival of Grace 's .
-- Buenos Aires : Losada , 1972 El hombre que lo tenía todo , todo , todo ; La leyenda del Sombrerón ; La leyenda del tesoro del Lugar Florido .
Orthographic projection is a means of representing a three-dimensional object in two dimensions .
There are only few plains , and most of the area is hills .
Many individual cities have also produced their own local hip hop newsletters , while hip hop magazines with national distribution are found in a few other countries . The 21st century also ushered in the rise of online media , and hip hop fan sites now offer comprehensive hip hop coverage on a daily basis .
The team won promotion from Scottish Football League Division 2 to SFL Division 1 in the 2003 04 season ; this was followed up by promotion to the Scottish Premier League in the 2007 08 season .
1/64 was represented by touch , symbolized by a leg touching the ground , or what can also be thought of as a strong plant growing into the surface of the earth .
During the early years of the 20th century , there was growing debate within the British Empire as to the role the Dominions would play in defense and foreign affairs .
In 2010 , Lincoln Park Zoo transformed the adjacent South Pond to create Nature Boardwalk at Lincoln Park Zoo , a pond habitat that features native plants and wildlife .
Launched in 1764 as the collier Earl of Pembroke , she was purchased by the Navy in 1768 for a scientific mission to the Pacific Ocean , and to explore the seas for the surmised Terra Australis Incognita or '' unknown southern land '' .
Amis was born in Swansea , South Wales .
Due to its fast speed , Georgette could n't maintain a closed circulation , and the tropical storm degenerated into a non-cyclonic disturbance .
January 1 -- Estonia takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union from the United Kingdom .
It is used to help stop uniformed police officers shooting undercover police officers who they do not know are police officers .
There are three living species , and two extinct species in this genus .
Herbert was replaced by Emil Paur in 1904 .
Burrhus Frederic Skinner -LRB- March 20 , 1904 & ndash ; August 18 , 1990 -RRB- was an American psychologist , author , inventor , social philosopher , Smith LD ; Woodward WR -LRB-/O1996/O-RRB- .
He was portrayed by Richard D'Alessandro in the 1994 movie Forrest Gump speaking against '' the war in Viet-fucking-nam '' at a protest rally at the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool facing the Washington Monument .
However , some have suggested that it may be linked to post-synaptic inhibition of motor neurons in the pons region of the brain .
Soul Punk is the upcoming solo debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Patrick Stump , member of Fall Out Boy .
Common spacing is one plant per square for larger plants -LRB- broccoli , basil , etc. -RRB- , four plants per square for medium large plants like lettuce , nine plants per square for medium-small plants like spinach , and sixteen per square for small plants such as onions and carrots .
After a long and difficult fight with myelodysplasia , which included three bone marrow transplants , Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62 at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle , Washington , on December 20 , 1996 .
At 15 he began to write lyrics -LRB- '' I like to rock , I like to dance , I like pretty girls taking down their pants '' MixMag 1996 -RRB- . At 17 , he spent some time in prison because he bought forged Â # 50 notes from a friend , who later informed the police .
Having returned to the murder scene , Wozzeck becomes obsessed with the thought that the knife he killed Marie with will incriminate him , and throws it into the pond .
Pot Noodle is a brand of ramen-style instant noodle snack foods , available in a wide selection of flavors and varieties .
The Technical University of Berlin -LRB- Technische UniversitÃ t Berlin -RRB- , the Berlin University of the Arts -LRB- UniversitÃ t der KÃ 1\/4 nste -RRB- , the opera Deutsche Oper Berlin as well as Charlottenburg Palace and the Olympic Stadium are also located in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf .
Familly is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
There were also 30 flagpoles for the flags of the participating nations .
Once in office , these individuals maintain direct contact with the Queen , wherever she may be at the time .
In South Korea , the sea is sometimes called South Sea , but this is more often used to denote only the area near South Korea 's southern coast .
35.45 , flows south through Upper Dir and Lower Dir Districts and joins the Swat River near Chakdara , Malakand , NWFP .
Although ambitious and greedy , Otho did not have a record for tyranny or cruelty and was expected to be a fair emperor ; however , trouble in the form of Vitellius was marching down on Italy from Germany .
Chaufour-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Started in December 2002 , this edition has over 140,000 articles as of June 1 , 2010 .
Fascination Records is a UK-based record label , owned by Universal Music Group , and operated as an imprint of Polydor Records .
Mainstreaming in education typically includes this service to students with special needs .
Escopetarras were invented by Colombian peace activist CÃ sar LÃ pez in 2003 at a gathering after the El Nogal Club bombing in BogotÃ , when he noticed a soldier holding a gun like a guitar .
President Richard Nixon viewed the proceedings from the Oval Office of the White House .
The title of Schiller 's poem An die Freude is literally translated as '' To Joy '' , but is normally called the '' Ode to Joy '' .
The Innsbruck Medical University -LRB- in German : Medizinische UniversitÃ t Innsbruck -RRB- is a university in Innsbruck , Tyrol , Austria .
Most often vehicles are manufactured -LRB- e.g. bicycles , cars , motorcycles , trains , ships , boats , and aircraft -RRB- .
He is known as the father of modern taxonomy , and is also considered one of the fathers of modern ecology .
The correct name for a person doing these illegal things is cracker , but many news stories use hacker even though it is wrong .
The Col Ferret separates them from the Mont Blanc Massif ; the Dora Baltea valley separates them from the Graian Alps ; the Simplon Pass separates them from the Lepontine Alps ; the Rhône valley separates them from the Bernese Alps .
But as with other vulgarities , these uses of the word may have been common in oral speech for some time before their first print appearances .
Das Deutschlandlied -LSB- p -RSB- -LRB- '' The Song of Germany '' , also known as '' Das Lied der Deutschen '' or '' The Song of the Germans '' -RRB- has been used wholly or partially as the national anthem of Germany since 1922 .
The track was released as the lead single from on December 5 , 2006 in the United States , appeared as a hidden track on international editions of Knowles ' second solo studio album , B ` Day , and also appeared on the Deluxe Edition of Knowles ' second LP .
His father was a qualified optician , but had become well-known as a craftsman and model maker , running a highly successful model engine shop in Oxford Street .
In general they have the ability to respire through their skin ; experiments with the yellow-bellied sea snake , Pelamis platurus , have shown that this species can satisfy about 20 % of its oxygen requirements in this manner , allowing for prolonged dives .
The imperial version is 20 imperial fluid ounces and is equivalent to about 568 mL ,
File : St. Margareta in Duesseldorf-Gerresheim , von Westen .
Initially wary of Kagome resembling Kikyo , InuYasha grows to trust her as a friend that tags along . Soon after , InuYasha begins to have feelings for Kagome .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , Brett J. Gladman , et al .
Manganese -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate , the manganese salt of sulfuric acid , is an inorganic compound with the formula MnSO4 .
The soncoya is similar in size to the ilama but gray brown in color with hard bumps on the surface , and orange flesh that tastes like mango or pawpaw .
It is named after the mineral aquamarine , a gemstone mainly found in granite rocks .
Silverstone was first used for motorsport by an ad hoc group of friends who set up an impromptu race in September 1947 .
Helen Hayes was born in Washington D.C. on October 10 , 1900 .
Archaelogists have found many old places in Devon with ancient buildings .
Terrestrial ziphodont sebecid crocodilians were also present at least through the middle Miocene .
The 1987 Atlantic hurricane season was a below-average hurricane season that was limited by an ongoing El NiÃ o/O. The season officially began on June 1 , 1987 , and lasted until November 30 , 1987 , although activity began on May 25 when a tropical depression developed 400 m in the east central Bahamas .
Retrieved on September 19 , 2006 Other countries have similar awards -LRB- see music recording sales certification -RRB- .
Van
She was born Princess Jelena of Serbia , and was known as Elena Petrovna , Jelena Petrovna , HÃ lÃ ne Petrovna or Ellen Petrovna after her marriage .
Champ-sur-Barse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Concentric ring model also known as the Burgess model is one of the earliest theoretical models to explain urban social structures .
Yerba Buena -LRB- D.M. -RRB-
Department of Geography
They used some local coal produced in the Somerset coalfield which was delivered by train along the Portishead branch of the Great Western Railway -LRB- GWR -RRB- .
A fine lithographer , Delacroix illustrated various works of William Shakespeare , the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott and the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Her statement '' better a knife in my belly than your hands on me '' plants in Wozzeck 's mind the idea for his subsequent revenge .
At the Royal Rumble pay-per-view event in January , Randy Orton successfully defended the WWE Championship against Jeff Hardy at the same event where John Cena returned from an injury and won the Royal Rumble match , where thirty wrestlers competed in a ring and were eliminated by being thrown over the top rope when he last eliminated Triple H. By winning the match , Cena became a top contender for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXIV .
Treaty of Berlin -LRB- German-Soviet Neutrality and Nonaggression Pact of April 1926 -RRB- - the treaty of 24 April 1926 under which Germany and the Soviet Union each pledged neutrality in the event of an attack on the other by a third party for the next five years .
Her mother , Jules Mann-Stewart , is a script supervisor originally from Maroochydore , Queensland , Australia .
With somewhat oblong diameters of 350 -- 500 km , and a mass estimated to be 2.9 % of the total mass of the belt , '' Mass of 10 Hygiea '' 0.445 / '' Mass of Mbelt '' 15 = 0.0296 it is the fourth largest object in the region by volume and mass .
For the Brazil National Football Team , he played 18 games , and participated in the 1954 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland , playing 3 matches .
2000 NASCAR Busch Series Rookie of the Year
Medications are typically produced by pharmaceutical companies and are often patented to give the developer exclusive rights to produce them , but they can also be derived from naturally occurring substance in plants called herbal medicine .
Unable to continue studying the piano , his teacher at the Toho Gakuen School of Music -LRB- Hideo Saito -RRB- , brought Ozawa to a life-changing performance of Beethoven 's Symphony No. 5 , which ultimately shifted his musical focus from piano performance to conducting .
Trapper John , M.D. featured the character of Trapper John McIntyre , played by Pernell Roberts , twenty-eight years after the events of the M \* A \* S \* H film and television series .
The women were said to have dressed in military uniform and danced on Mount Okmae -LRB- ì ë ì -RRB- .
_ Repeat .
The band had by then caught the attention of AC\/DC producer Robert John '' Mutt '' Lange , who agreed to work on their second album , High 'n' Dry , released on 11 July 1981 .
Feeding on nectar avoids the risks of struggles with prey , and the costs of producing venom and digestive enzymes .
The Bastille -LRB- -RRB- was a fortress-prison in Paris , known formally as Bastille Saint-Antoine -- Number 232 , Rue Saint-Antoine -- best known today because of the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 , which along with the Tennis Court Oath is considered the beginning of the French Revolution .
Labeaume is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
After being re-elected numerous times in the legislature , Hewes was now focused on a new and more ambitious job as a continental congressman .
It is a silvery-white , malleable and ductile rare-earth metal .
When British Railways was formed in 1948 , it decided to adopt the former LNER method of carriage classification .
The common plural -LRB- perhaps because of the association between the plurals lyrics and words -RRB- , predominates contemporary usage .
Luis Óscar '' Lucho '' González -LRB- born 19 January 1981 in Buenos Aires -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Olympique de Marseille in the French Ligue 1 .
Minmi , named for Minmi Crossing , Australia -LRB- where it was found -RRB- , is a genus of small ankylosaurian dinosaur that lived during the early Cretaceous Period , about 119 to 113 million years ago .
Emperor Seimu ; also known as Wakatarashihiko no Sumeramikoto ; was the 13th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Since retiring from Frankfurt in 1993 , Habermas has continued to publish extensively .
Bats , such as the Gray bat and Mexican Free-tailed Bat , are trogloxenes and are often found in caves ; they forage outside of the caves .
The season finale was on May 14 , 2006 with the votes revealed live from the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York .
The Victorian road network services the population centres , with highways generally radiating from Melbourne and other major cities and rural centres with secondary roads interconnecting the highways to each other .
The original Heal 's business was established in 1810 by John Harris Heal .
Somme-Leuze is a Walloon municipality and village in the Belgian province of Namur .
The posthumous name is commonly used when naming royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
Thus the Hoysalas began as subordinates of the Western Chalukyas and gradually established their own empire in Karnataka with such strong Hoysala kings as Vishnuvardhana , Veera Ballala II and later Veera Ballala III .
Latin = nucleus suprachiasmaticus
The planet is named after the Roman god of war , Mars .
By the 15th century , the Aztecs gained control of a large part of Mesoamerica , and adopted cacao into their culture .
Atsuhiko Ejiri -LRB- born July 12 , 1967 -RRB- is a retired Japanese footballer .
She played a similar role in 1942 with John Wayne in The Spoilers .
The flowers are produced in clusters of 9 -- 15 together , each flower about 1 cm diameter with a ring of numerous white stamens .
It is part of the Tuscaloosa Metropolitan Statistical Area .
, U.S.
Since 1997 the district has had a partnership with Henrico County , Virginia .
The Greater London Authority -LRB- GLA -RRB- is the top-tier administrative body for Greater London , England .
Grossman , Neil -LRB- Indiana University and University of Illinois -RRB- , Who 's Afraid of Life After Death ?
Behaviour Like most macropods , the Red-necked Wallaby is largely solitary , although loose groups , known as mobs , often share common feeding areas .
The WWE European Championship , as it was next known , was retired in a ladder match on July 22 , 2002 when Rob Van Dam -LRB- RVD -RRB- put his WWE Intercontinental Championship on the line , along with Jeff Hardy 's European Championship .
Nazareth is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
The multilateral Chemical Weapons Convention -LRB- CWC -RRB- was signed in 1993 and entered into force -LRB- EIF -RRB- in 1997 .
Olds is a city in Henry County , Iowa , United States .
Balukas was the U.S Open 's youngest winner ever and by a large margin .
Ä echmÃ nek won a gold medal after the Czech team defeated Russia 1-0 in the gold medal deciding game .
In fantastic fiction , witches often prepare their potions in a cauldron .
Ruyaulcourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Max Weber -LRB- August 2 , 1897 - December 2 , 1974 -RRB- was a Swiss politician .
Their diet seems to be almost exclusively '' Tubby Custard '' mispronounced as Tubby Tustard by the characters -LRB- which is created by a Tubby Custard machine and consumed by sucking through a spiral straw -RRB- and '' Tubby Toast '' -LRB- circular toast with a smiley face on it -RRB- , and they are spectacularly messy eaters .
Vitamin D without a subscript refers to either D2 or D3 or both .
The Netherlands borders the North Sea to the north and west , Belgium to the south , and Germany to the east .
A tray is a shallow platform designed for carrying things .
Link all dates , even if repeated , to allow date-format preferences .
Duarte is a province of the Dominican Republic .
This will change when the Kingdom of Heaven is proclaimed and all will be able to live in a Godly manner .
BourguÃ bus is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
'' ROBOT '' Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary .
Bundesliga -LRB- II -RRB- 15th -LRB- relegated -RRB- 2003-04 Regionalliga Nord -LRB- III -RRB- 6th 2004-05 Regionalliga Nord 1st -LRB- promoted -RRB- 2005-06 2 .
It is the second-largest member of the Flora asteroid family .
With a latitude of about 41 ° 17 ' S , Wellington is the southernmost national capital city in the world .
Alfonso Maria Fusco lived and died .
The nitrogen cycle is the process by which nitrogen is converted between its various chemical forms .
One Hot Minute is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released on September 12 , 1995 on Warner Bros. .
Year 4 -LRB- IV -RRB- was a leap year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
In that transaction , the entire 150 a site was purchased from its previous owner , First Gardens , L.C. , by The Trust for Public Land , a national conservation organization .
Dolignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Kimi Räikkönen
It was first published in 1881 in Canada before its 1882 publication in the United States .
Therefore , it has a frequency , or many different frequencies .
In British culture , a municipality is often referred to as a council .
Katamari Damacy inspired the development of other video games , and led to the release of five sequels in Japan and other territories : We Love Katamari , Me & My Katamari , Beautiful Katamari , I Love Katamari , and Katamari Forever .
Pedro of Castile loses the Battle of Montiel to an alliance between the French and his half-brother Henry II .
March 1 & ndash ; Heinz Guderian becomes the Inspector-General of the Armoured Troops for the German Army .
Wood also bravely introduced British audiences to many noteworthy European composers , especially Sibelius and composers of the Russian school .
Over their four decade career , Heart has had chart success with a variety of musical styles , ranging from hard rock and metal -LRB- Barracuda , If Looks Could Kill , Black on Black II -RRB- , to folk rock -LRB- Dreamboat Annie , Dog and Butterfly -RRB- , to power ballads -LRB- Alone , These Dreams , What About Love -RRB- .
Le Mesnil-Villement is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Illustrations of the Dynamical Theory of Gases .
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University , Prescott , Prescott
First published in 1941 , the book tells the story of a pair of mallard ducks who decide to raise their family on an island in the lagoon in Boston Public Garden , a park in the center of Boston , Massachusetts .
Copper hydroxide is a pale blue , gelatinous solid . Some forms of copper -LRB- II -RRB- hydroxide are sold as '' stabilized '' copper hydroxide , quite likely a mixture of copper -LRB- II -RRB- carbonate and hydroxide .
Ground-breaking in its use of special effects , unconventional editing , and sci-fi\/fantasy storytelling , the original Star Wars is one of the most successful and influential films of all time .
It was not until the accession of Queen Anne in 1702 that Marlborough reached the zenith of his powers and secured his fame and fortune .
The Rubinstein Trap , an opening trap in the Queen 's Gambit Declined that loses at least a pawn for Black , is named for him because he fell into it twice .
Led Zeppelin I , an album considered by many to be one of the first in the heavy metal genre , is released .
Evidence of original colouration has been detected in cephalopod fossils dating as far back as the Silurian ; these orthoconic individuals bore concentric stripes , which are thought to have served as camouflage .
Primghar is a city in and the county seat of O'Brien County , Iowa , United States , United States .
Akira Kurosawa was born on 23 March 1910 in imachi in the mori district of Tokyo .
Braud-et-Saint-Louis is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Names Some asteroids share the same names as moons of Neptune : 74 Galatea , 1162 Larissa .
Aldo Gucci expanded into new markets including an agreement with American Motors Corporation -LRB- AMC -RRB- . The 1972 and 1973 AMC Hornet compact '' Sportabout '' station wagon became one of the first American cars to offer a special luxury trim package created by a famous fashion designer .
St Andrew -LRB- ; early first century -- mid to late first century AD -RRB- , called in the Orthodox tradition Pr tokl tos , or the First-called , is a Christian Apostle and the brother of Saint Peter .
The largest producer of nuclear capacity was the USA with 28 % of worldwide capacity , followed by France -LRB- 18 % -RRB- and Japan -LRB- 12 % -RRB- .
CrO2Cl2 is similar to the most commonly encountered chromium -LRB- VI -RRB- derivative chromate , CrO4 2 ; both are tetrahedral Cr -LRB- VI -RRB- compounds .
Coal and petroleum tar has a pungent odour .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
He now is conductor for life at the Berlin State Opera .
Amazon played a key role in the development of cloud computing by modernizing their data centers after the dot-com bubble , which , like most computer networks , were using as little as 10 % of their capacity at any one time , just to leave room for occasional spikes .
Although clawed lobsters , like most other arthropods , are largely bilaterally symmetrical , they often possess unequal , specialized claws , like the king crab .
Be sure to add the word '' revert '' or the abbreviation '' rv '' and a brief explanation for the revert to the '' edit summary '' .
The river rises in the central highland of New South Wales , part of the Great Dividing Range , 13 km east of Gunning .
Dieter Hoeneß -LRB- born 7 January 1953 in Ulm , Baden-W ürttemberg , West Germany -RRB- is a former German footballer , who played as a striker .
However the demands of two world wars and a fulfilling career soon caught up with him , and General John Murray died of haematemesis associated with cirrhosis of the liver on 8 September 1951 at the Repatriation General Hospital , Concord , Sydney .
At the time of European contact in the 16th and 17th centuries , the Lenape lived in the area referred to as Lenapehoking , roughly the area around and between the Delaware and lower Hudson Rivers .
The standard author abbreviation ' is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name .
It came into use in French in the 1830s to describe the time before writing , and the word '' prehistoric '' was introduced into English by Daniel Wilson in 1851 .
According to the Municipal Year Book , 1972 , the royal burghs of Perth and Elgin officially enjoyed city status .
1994 : 3rd overall ; 2nd mountains classification ; 1st young rider classification -LRB- Maillot blanc -RRB-
Career In 1993 , Messing won praise for her acting in the pre-Broadway workshop production of Tony Kushner 's play Angels in America : Perestroika .
ACE Coaster Classic Awards Galaxy Spin 2005 2008 Zamperla Spinning Wild Mouse coaster , similar to Primeval Whirl at Disney 's Animal Kingdom .
It was not an immediate success , and in 1904 , he decided to turn it into a pictorial newspaper , changing the masthead to The Daily Illustrated Mirror and appointing Hamilton Fyfe as editor who then fired all the women journalists .
The shell is internally divided into chambers , the chambered section being called the phragmocone .
Kazuo Ozaki -LRB- , born March 7 , 1960 in Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who was the second Japanese to play in Fußball-Bundesliga after Yasuhiko Okudera .
With his opera Rinaldo , based on La Gerusalemme Liberata , Handel enjoyed great success , '' but it is difficult to see why he lifted from old Italian works unless he was in a hurry '' .
It is around long , stretching from Stockport , Greater Manchester , and ending at Liverpool Bay , Merseyside .
Prato Leventina , a municipality in the canton of Ticino
In nonscientific contexts , it can also be referred to as brimstone .
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is a 1982 American science fiction film co-produced and directed by Steven Spielberg , written by Melissa Mathison and starring Henry Thomas , Robert MacNaughton , Drew Barrymore , and Dee Wallace .
Nearly all of these minorities fled West Punjab for India , to be replaced by large numbers of Muslims leaving in the opposite direction .
The first mayor of the city was José María Caro Martínez .
Salt Lake City is the capital and the most populous city of the U.S. state of Utah .
It is known for its beauty , and in particular , as the location of the Sydney Opera House and Sydney Harbour Bridge .
Presocratic philosophy is Greek philosophy before Socrates .
Biofuels
French troops entered Alsace-Lorraine November 1918 at the end of the World War I ; the territory reverted to France at the Treaty of Versailles of 1919 .
He was succeeded by Kent Nagano in 2006 .
Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar , a small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable , allowing millions of antibodies with slightly different tip structures , or antigen binding sites , to exist .
The Class 67 locomotives are a class of Bo ` Bo ' diesel electric mainline locomotives which were built for the English , Welsh and Scottish Railway between 1999 to 2000 by Alstom at Meinfesa in Valencia , Spain with drive components -LRB- engine and transmission -RRB- from General Motors Diesel .
It was originally released in March 1967 by Verve Records .
Clothing in ancient Rome generally consisted of the toga , the tunic , the stola , brooches for these , and breeches .
Thankful included three cover tracks , '' -LRB- You Make Me Feel Like -RRB- A Natural Woman '' originally by Aretha Franklin , '' Some Kind of Miracle '' originally sung by Puff Johnson and '' Just Missed the Train '' by Danielle Brisebois .
Its instrumentation is typically modern and may be with or without traditional Chinese musical instruments .
It is located in the southeastern-most part of the Ruhr area in northern Sauerland .
Dehault is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Taner Akçam -LRB- born October 23 , 1953 -RRB- is a Turkish historian and sociologist , recognized as a '' leading international authority on the Armenian genocide '' .
The official title of the office at this time was His or Her Majesty 's '' lieutenant for the county of x '' , but as almost all office-holders were peers they were referred to as '' lord lieutenant '' .
In cognitive linguistics , conceptual metaphor , or cognitive metaphor , refers to the understanding of one idea , or conceptual domain , in terms of another , for example , understanding quantity in terms of directionality -LRB- e.g. '' prices are rising '' -RRB- .
It shares borders with the Canton of Basel-Landschaft , the Canton of Bern , and the French département of Doubs .
A museum in Glarus is dedicated to her .
The Scottish new town of Irvine -LRB- Gaelic : Irbhinn -RRB- is in North Ayrshire on the coast of the Firth of Clyde .
Washington County is a county located in the state of Florida .
Today , Thanksgiving is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November in the United States , and on the second Monday of October in Canada .
It was introduced and used primarily during the Kamakura -LRB- 1192 â '' 1333 -RRB- , Nanbokucho -LRB- 1334 â '' 1392 -RRB- and early Muromachi -LRB- 1392 â '' 1573 -RRB- periods .
ImageSize = width :100 height :25
On 25 January 2005 , the cantonal authorities announced that Campo Blenio would merge with Aquila , Ghirone , Olivone and Torre to form a new municipality to be called Blenio .
Henry David Thoreau -LRB- born David Henry Thoreau ; July 12 , 1817 â '' May 6 , 1862 -RRB- was an American author , poet , abolitionist , naturalist , tax resister , development critic , surveyor , historian , philosopher , and leading transcendentalist .
It is famous for its architecture , evocative of Solomon 's Temple of the Old Testament , and its decoration that has been frescoed throughout by the greatest Renaissance artists including Michelangelo , Raphael , Bernini , and Sandro Botticelli .
The islands of the Great Barrier Reef also support 2,195 known plant species ; three of these are endemic .
The following day , Capital Artists asked her to sign a contract with their label.www.cocolee.net Coco is the first Chinese person to perform in the Oscars , singing the Academy Award nominee for Best Original Song , '' A Love Before Time '' , from the movie Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , in the 73rd Academy Awards .
Different populations and cultures followed over the millennia , including the Iberians , the Tartessians , Celts and Celtiberians , Phoenicians , Greeks , Carthaginians , Romans , Suebi and Visigoths .
Golda Meir 's American Roots In his absence , the rest of the family moved to Pinsk to join her mother 's family .
Beautiful Katamari , released in Japan as , is a video game by Namco Bandai for the Xbox 360 .
Unlike Disney 's two Peter Pan films featuring the character , which were produced primarily using traditional animation , Tinker Bell was produced using digital 3D modeling .
Laruscade is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Research on smoking and its effects on health thrived under Nazi rule and was the most important of its type at that time .
In the United States :
The storm was the thirteenth tropical storm , ninth hurricane , and third major hurricane of the season .
The Spanish began the first of several attempts to conquer the island in 1629 , but did not succeed until 1697 under an expedition led by MartÃ n de UrsÃ a attacked via boats and destroyed it .
A trade secret is a formula , practice , process , design , instrument , pattern , or compilation of information which is not generally known or reasonably ascertainable , by which a business can obtain an economic advantage over competitors or customers .
Once in 1978 when on loan in Marseille -LRB- recovered a few days later in the city 's sewers -RRB- , again in 1998 -LRB- in which the museum 's curator was convicted of the theft and jailed for five years along with two accomplices -RRB- and finally in August 2007 .
The show featured guest stars such as Tony Curtis , Dean Cain , Robert Wagner , Regis Philbin -LRB- Ripa 's co-host on Live with Regis and Kelly -RRB- , Kathie Lee Gifford -LRB- Regis ' former co-host -RRB- , Jenny McCarthy , Jaclyn Smith , Louise McCafferty , and Mark Consuelos -LRB- Ripa 's husband -RRB- .
For other uses , see Quetzal -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Hayden is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
David -LRB- name -RRB- , a common given name
Fireflies produce a '' cold light '' , with no infrared or ultraviolet frequencies .
Taylor , British Columbia
The Legendary Son House : Father Of Folk Blues -LRB-/O1965/O-RRB- Columbia 2417
is a train station in Saitama , Japan , on the Keihin-T hoku Line , Takasaki Line , and T hoku Main Line .
Scholars are divided on whether the term Holocaust should be applied to all victims of the Nazi mass murder campaign , with some using it synonymously with '' Shoah '' or '' Final Solution of the Jewish Question '' , and others including the killing of Romani peoples -LRB- Roma and Sinti -RRB- , Poles , the deaths of Soviet prisoners of war , Slavs , homosexual men , Jehovah 's Witnesses , the disabled , and political opponents .
In 2005 he received a lifetime achievement award from the Sports Coach UK Awards , and was also awarded the Eircom International Personality of the Year in 2006 .
Estrées-la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
A total of 945 Boeing 757 aircraft were in airline service in July 2010 .
In August 1989 , White Lion released their third album , Big Game , a musically eclectic follow-up to Pride that featured the singles '' Little Fighter '' -LRB- which peaked at # 52 -RRB- , '' Cry for Freedom '' -LRB- did not chart -RRB- , and a cover of Golden Earring 's '' Radar Love '' -LRB- which peaked at # 59 -RRB- .
He has been a member of associated projects Professor Ratbaggy and Stardust Five and worked with other artists and groups .
Lorenzo rapidly weakened , and dissipated later that afternoon as the final advisory was issued .
Division , in relational algebra
While there , Robinson met an ex-player for the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro American League , who encouraged Robinson to write the Monarchs and ask for a tryout .
Luke Schierer discusses Pidgin , Open source and life .
Byrd Station was the only major base in the interior of West Antarctica for many years .
At the end of that eventful year , tragedy struck on October 19 , 1856 , as Spurgeon was preaching at the Surrey Gardens Music Hall for the first time .
Zermatt is known throughout the world for its skiing , especially Triftji for its moguls .
In the same year he became the youngest ever rugby union player to receive a New Year 's Honour with an MBE -LRB- he was listed prior to England 's World Cup victory -RRB- , and an OBE which he was awarded in 2004 .
PDF Falcons and cormorants have long been used for hunting and fishing , respectively .
The F1 world championship season consists of a series of races , known as Grands Prix , held usually on purpose-built circuits , and in a few cases on closed city streets , the most famous of which is the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo .
In engineering mechanics , bending -LRB- also known as flexure -RRB- characterizes the behavior of a slender structural element subjected to an external load applied perpendicularly to an longitudinal axis of the element .
Louis-Victor-Pierre-Raymond , 7th duc de Broglie , FRS -LRB- dÉ Ë brÉ '' É ; ; 15 August 1892 â '' 19 March 1987 -RRB- was a French physicist and a Nobel laureate .
Short for automatic
Some essential oils such as tea tree have demonstrated anti-microbial effects , but there is still a lack of clinical evidence demonstrating efficacy against bacterial , fungal , or viral infections .
The show 's ratings waned in later years , following the departure of series creator Aaron Sorkin -LRB- who wrote or co-wrote 85 of the first 88 episodes -RRB- after the fourth season , yet it remained popular among high-income viewers , with around 16 million viewers , a key demographic for the show and its advertisers .
Lulusar is group of mountains near the Naran Valley in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
While her parents encouraged her dream of becoming an actress , they also urged her to complete a liberal arts education before deciding on acting as a career .
Retrieved May 13 , 2007 .
Oosterzele is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
Coldplay began their Viva la Vida Tour in June , with a free concert at Brixton Academy in London .
This meant the monastery would be essentially independent , since the pope 's authority was largely theoretical at any significant distance .
Villa Park is a football stadium in the district of Aston , in Birmingham , England .
For example , in the expression 9x2 , the coefficient of x2 is 9 .
Renovation began in November 1997 , but the first steps were taken in 1995 .
Calvin Klein Inc. is a fashion brand founded in 1968 by Calvin Klein .
Malthus popularized the economic theory of rent .
Because of this association , Hooke called them cells , the name they still bear .
In 1991 , Cohen was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame .
Toni Kroos -LRB- born 4 January 1990 -RRB- is a German international footballer who plays for Bayern Munich as an attacking midfielder .
The Bastille originated as the Saint-Antoine gate , but from 1370 â '' 1383 this gate was extended to create a fortress to defend the east end of Paris and the HÃ tel Saint-Pol royal palace .
Chanel and the Nazis : what Coco Avant Chanel and other films do n't tell you The Times .
The group is ambushed by Cole , who reveals himself to be a horned demon pretending to be human , and a mercenary named Byrne .
Louches is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
'' Flower '' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden .
Their results suggested that rational expectations are not the correct way to model agents ' expectations . They organized a conference on this issue in 1981 and published the proceedings in a 1983 book .
Chemically , deuterium behaves similarly to ordinary hydrogen , but there are differences in bond energy and length for compounds of heavy hydrogen isotopes which are larger than the isotopic differences in any other element .
Posthumous names in China and Vietnam were also given to honor lifetime accomplishments of many people who did not have hereditary titles , for example to successful courtiers .
Brumby resigned from parliament on 21 December .
The precipitous decline of the Cosmos after the 1983 season became for many fans and the media proof positive of the grave condition of the whole NASL .
Ross and his rival mercenary leader Trench Mauser -LRB- Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- visit a church to meet a man , who takes the simple title '' Mr. Church '' -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- .
David Herman -LRB- born February 20 , 1967 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian and voice actor best known as an original cast member of MADtv and for his role as Michael Bolton in Office Space .
During age from middle 16th century until 1910 Italian professional players of pallone col bracciale were the richest and top paid athletes in all the world .
The original Scottish Fold was a white barn cat named Susie , who was found at a farm near Coupar Angus in Perthshire , Scotland , in 1961 .
Establishing the truth or falsehood of the continuum hypothesis is the first of Hilbert 's twenty-three problems presented in the year 1900 .
The Penguin has appeared as a boss in several Batman video games , including Batman : The Caped Crusader , the various video game adaptations of the movie Batman Returns , Batman : The Animated Series and Adventures of Batman & Robin for the Super NES .
Certifications are very common in aviation , construction , technology , environment , and other industrial sectors , as well as health care , business and finance .
Chun was sentenced to death in 1996 for the Gwangju massacre , but later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam with the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung , whom Chun himself had sentenced to death some 20 years earlier .
C.
Conan Christopher O'Brien -LRB- born April 18 , 1963 -RRB- is an American television host , comedian , writer , producer and performer .
Woody and the other toys find themselves wanted and played with again , and learn through notes passed in Bonnie 's backpack that Barbie , Ken and Big Baby have improved the lives of all the toys at Sunnyside .
It is the larger of the two principal cities of the Gulfport-Biloxi , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula , Mississippi Combined Statistical Area .
The NMUSAF is the world 's largest and oldest military aviation museum.Wright-Patterson Air Force Base - Museum More than 400 aircraft and missiles are on display , most of them indoors .
, an interactive 3D attraction inspired by classic carnival midway games , each hosted by characters from the Toy Story film series .
La RiviÃ re is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Leipzig is one of the three Direktionsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony , Germany , located in the north-west of the state .
King Frederick III of Sicily -LRB- d. 1337 -RRB-
ISBN 0-88391-016-0 According to Roberts and Butts , on December 2 , 1963 they began to receive coherent messages from a male personality who eventually identified himself as Seth .
It is now officially called Shahrdari Square .
He decisively defeated Pompey , at Pharsalus in an exceedingly short engagement later that year .
Eighteen years earlier , Mme . Duval had broken off her relationship with her daughter Caroline , Evelina 's mother , and has never acknowledged Evelina .
Maldonado secured a full-time drive in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series with Draco Racing in 2006 .
The museum opened in 1999 , during the Armada .
Marilyn Manson -LRB- born January 5 , 1969 -RRB- , born Brian Hugh Warner , is an American musician and artist known for his controversial stage persona and image as the lead singer of the eponymous band .
Detroit Lions v. National Football League , 41 The NFL is by far the most attended domestic sports league in the world by average attendance per game , with 67,509 fans per game in the latest regular season -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Nicole Evangeline Lilly -LRB- born August 3 , 1979 -RRB- is a Canadian actress , known best for her role as Kate Austen in the ABC drama , Lost .
Carlos Eduardo Marangon , best known as Edu Marangon or as Edu -LRB- born 2 February 1963 -RRB- is a retired Brazilian football player and manager .
Tate 's online resource on William Blake with notes for teachers The recent re-discovery of the location of William Blake 's grave www.William-Blake.org 128 works by William Blake The William Blake Archive , a hypermedia archive sponsored by the Library of Congress and supported by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Rough study models can be made quickly using cardboard , wooden blocks , polystyrene , foam , foam boards and other materials .
Logansport is a city in and the county seat of Cass County , Indiana , United States .
Electric potential is the energy required to move a unit of electric charge to a particular place in a static electric field .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and St Patrick 's Athletic F.C. won the championship .
Fyodor Dostoyevsky , whose work is often considered a philosophical precursor to existentialism , often expressed a similar concern in his novels .
Albert Meyong ZÃ -LRB- born 19 October 1980 in YaoundÃ -RRB- , known as Meyong , is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Sporting Clube de Braga in the Portuguese first division , as a striker .
It is also the judicial capital , making it one of the three national capitals of South Africa -LRB- together with the administrative capital Pretoria and the legislative capital Cape Town -RRB- .
November - Near East earthquake of 1759 December 6 -- The Germantown Union School -LRB- now called '' Germantown Academy '' -RRB- , America 's oldest nonsectarian day school , is founded .
The software allows a user to create an image of a disk while it is running Microsoft Windows or offline by booting from CD\/DVD , USB flash drives , PXE , or other bootable media .
King Henry the Fowler has arrived in Brabant where he has assembled the German tribes in order to expel the Hungarians from his dominions .
Ayers was not facing criminal charges at this time , but the federal government later filed charges against him .
He also served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990 .
The continuation of the motorway from junction 18 towards Yorkshire was carried out as a series of extensions between 1965 and 1968 .
The Battle of Antietam -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- also known as the Battle of Sharpsburg , particularly in the South -RRB- , fought on September 17 , 1862 , near Sharpsburg , Maryland , and Antietam Creek , as part of the Maryland Campaign , was the first major battle in the American Civil War to take place on Northern soil .
King Henry III of England obtains a papal bull releasing him from the Provisions of Oxford , preceding the Second Barons ' War , a civil war started in 1263 .
He owes his place in our history books to a ` no smoke without fire ' school of thought ... The fact of the matter is that there is no historical evidence about Arthur ; we must reject him from our histories and , above all , from the titles of our books . ''
The Sindh Valley , is a valley within a mountain range situated to the north of Srinagar , Kashmir .
Its 25-member committee has a unique authority under international humanitarian law to protect the life and dignity of the victims of international and internal armed conflicts .
Internet Protocol Security -LRB- IPsec -RRB- is a suite of protocols for securing Internet Protocol -LRB- IP -RRB- communications by authenticating -LRB- and optionally encrypting -RRB- each of a data stream .
They are small understory trees native to the tropical forests of Central and South America .
The Pakistan cricket team is one of the teams that the brand sponsors .
In total , some 75,000 convicts were transported to Van Diemen 's Land , or about 40 % of all convicts sent to Australia .
Conditions were not ideal for development , but it quickly developed banding features and well-defined outflow , and was upgraded to a tropical storm and named Tropical Storm John later that day .
MySQL is officially -LRB- '' My S-Q-L '' -RRB- ,
On February 14 , 2004 , the WB Network announced that Angel would not be brought back for a sixth season .
Porto lost the Portuguese Cup final to Benfica in May 2004 , but two weeks later , Mourinho won a greater prize : the UEFA Champions League , with a 3 -- 0 win over AS Monaco in Germany .
The Bank was immensely successful and the project , with support from the central Bangladesh Bank , was introduced in 1979 to the Tangail District -LRB- to the north of the capital , Dhaka -RRB- .
Yerevan 's manufactures include chemicals , primary metals , machinery , rubber products , plastics , textiles , and processed food .
March 22 -- Emperor Go-Sai of Japan -LRB- b. 1638 -RRB-
With a population of 2,562,828 in 2007 , it is Turkey 's fourth largest city , as well as one of the most industrialized and culturally charged metropolitan centers in the country .
The Main Hall is enormously high , and visitors to the top balcony must climb 137 steps .
Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Baltimore Ravens -LRB- -- -RRB-
Russian literature is considered to be among the most influential and developed in the world , contributing much of the world 's most famous literary works .
The average annual rainfall es 1,346 mm , with extremes of 2,500 mm or more in the mountainous northeast -LRB- the windward side of the island -RRB- and 500 mm in the southwestern valleys .
He played with the Colorado Rockies , Toronto Toros , and Birmingham Bulls .
Blogcritics Magazine called it '' an instantly catchy number '' , and About.com said , '' fueled by an instrumental wallop provided courtesy of producer Dr. Luke , ' I Kissed a Girl ' is the perfect breakthrough '' .
Sartre wrote a long analysis of Genet 's existential development -LRB- from vagrant to writer -RRB- entitled Saint Genet -LRB-/O1952/O-RRB- which was anonymously published as the first volume of Genet 's complete works .
In exchange , Aphrodite made Helen , the most beautiful of all women and wife of Menelaus , fall in love with Paris , who took her to Troy .
Wolf : French horns
The appellation Sussex remained in use as a ceremonial county until 1974 , when the Lord-Lieutenant of Sussex was replaced with one each for East and West Sussex .
The movie , directed by Romero and co-written with John A. Russo , became a cult classic and a defining moment for modern horror cinema .
Borough council , a form of local government
Drummer Freddie Marsden died on 9 December 2006 , age 66 .
They will take live vertebrate prey but mostly feed on insects or even carrion .
Jackals fill a similar ecological niche to the coyote -LRB- sometimes called the '' American jackal '' 4.1 Coyote Canis latrans Say , 1823 Least concern -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- by E.M. Gese & M. Bekoff -RRB- in North America .
The first was her own , which appeared on her debut album of the same name .
Local scholars say that its original name was Ldumra -LRB- the valley of flowers -RRB- .
A fluorescent lamp or fluorescent tube is a gas-discharge lamp that uses electricity to excite mercury vapor .
The actual statehood proclamations for North and South Dakota were intentionally shuffled so that no one actually knows which was admitted first ; President Benjamin Harrison always refused to tell the order in which he signed the two statehood bills .
TakijirÅ Å nishi was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II , who came to be known as the father of the kamikaze .
He was married to Giovanna Berneri , and was father of Marie-Louise Berneri and Giliane Berneri , all of whom were also anarchists .
Goodman continued to play on records and in small groups .
The universe appears to have a smooth space-time continuum consisting of three spatial dimensions and one temporal -LRB- time -RRB- dimension .
A piano trio is a group of piano and two other instruments , usually a violin and a cello , or a piece of music written for such a group .
Layne suggested that Cayce describe the nature of his condition and cure while in a hypnotic trance .
Erlon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In media , Tom Jones may refer to :
It was founded in 1518 and is one of the most active of all medical professional organisations .
Jane Doe and John Smith might become Jane and John Smith-Doe , or Doe-Smith , for instance .
Metis was discovered in 1979 by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 probe and was provisionally designated as ' .
Hume was able to communicate with some aborigines they met early in their journey who consented to act as guides , and later , when the aborigines left them , Sturt speaks with appreciation of Hume 's ability in tracking their animals which had strayed .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility .
Upon the closing out of Belgian and British army facilities many of these military facilities either became used for civilian purposes or were abandoned or demolished .
Along with Shubra El-Kheima , Cairo and Helwan , the 4 cities form the Province of Greater Cairo metropolis .
Guécélard is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy , Second Vatican Council Musical form Melodic types Gregorian chant is of course vocal music .
From the establishment of the Tokugawa bakufus headquarters at Edo , Kyoto remained merely the formal capital of the country . The de facto capital was now Edo , because it was the center of real political power .
They received little significant exposure , however , until six months later , when they released their second single , '' Latchmere '' , the subject of which is the wave machine at the Latchmere Leisure Centre in Battersea , South London , on Fierce Panda Records in April 2006 .
He is the God of war and the patron deity of the Tamil land -LRB- Tamil Nadu -RRB- .
Situated at the confluence of the Chicoutimi and Saguenay Rivers , the placename is derived from Shkoutimeou , meaning '' the end of the deep water '' in the Montagnais language .
J. Bradford Robinson\/Barry Kernfeld .
Beginning in 1987 , a limited number of supervised activity tours and hunting safaris have opened to tourists .
For the Bundesliga season 2008 -- 09 , Schalke signed a new head coach , Fred Rutten , before that being the manager of the Dutch team Twente .
In the United Kingdom , hearing dogs wear distinctive burgundy jackets bearing the logo of the charity -LRB- Hearing Dogs for Deaf People -RRB- which trains and funds them .
The Fall of Cromwell 's Major-Generals in English Historical Review 1998 113 -LRB- 450 -RRB- : pp. 18 -- 37 , ISSN 0013-8266 .
As a result , WWE created the WWE Divas Championship and introduced it in a storyline on the June 6 , 2008 episode of Friday Night SmackDown when then SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero announced the creation of the title .
The job queue length is currently $ 7 .
Its legs are thin and have a black stripe running down the forelegs .
B. amblyops occurs in the northern Atlantic Ocean in latitudes south of 40 ° N , and also in the southern seas of the Atlantic , in the Indian Ocean and in the Pacific .
The name Micropædia is a neologism coined by Mortimer J. Adler from the ancient Greek words for '' small '' and '' instruction '' ; the best English translation is perhaps '' brief lessons '' .
Part of the horse racing circuit for almost a decade and a licensed jockey for the last 8 years , Narredu comes from family which been involved in horseracing over three generations .
When Voldemort murdered the Potters , a grieving Snape vowed to protect Lily 's child , although he loathed young Harry for being James Potter 's son .
Aramaic , Hebrew : , Mary m Miriam ; Arabic : , Maryam -RRB- , often referred to by Christians as the Virgin Mary or Saint Mary , was a Jewish woman of Nazareth in Galilee , identified in the New Testament as the mother of Jesus Christ .
Akbar was thirteen years old when he ascended the Mughal throne in Delhi , following the death of his father Naseeruddin Muhammad Humayun .
The trophy itself is constructed of sterling silver , crafted in 1878 .
The term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are not expected to have financial success .
This powderâ '' much like the instant cocoa powder used todayâ '' was easier to stir into milk and water , and led to another very important discovery : solid chocolate .
By October 26 , it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone , and the next day , the remnants of Wilma were absorbed by another extratropical storm over Atlantic Canada .
Modern hardware stores typically sell equipment such as keys , locks , hinges , latches , corners , handles , wire , chains , plumbing supplies , tools , utensils , cutlery and machine parts , especially when they are made of metal .
Bazenville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Clare is a small town on the north bank of the River Stour in Suffolk , England .
-LRB- overseas United States territory -RRB-
As of 2001 , according to Publishers Weekly , it is the fourth-bestselling English-language children 's book -LRB- novel -RRB- of all time .
The name Isidore was retired in the spring of 2003 and will never be used for an Atlantic hurricane again .
King Afonso I of Portugal takes Abrantes from the Moors .
It was with the ` Young Contemporaries ' exhibition of 1961 where he was exhibited alongside David Hockney and R.B. Kitaj that he was first identified with the emerging British Pop Art movement .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
Ribbon in the national colors are at the bottom of the coat of arms .
Clegg 's first major elected position was as a Member of the European Parliament -LRB- MEP -RRB- for the East Midlands from 1999 to 2004 .
The Football League Championship -LRB- often referred to as The Championship for short , or the Coca-Cola Football League Championship for sponsorship reasons -RRB- is the highest division of The Football League and second-highest division overall in the English football league system after the Premier League .
In November 1991 , Yeltsin issued a decree banning the CPSU throughout the Russian republic .
Upon the conclusion of the war , Jacka returned to Australia and entered business ; establishing the electrical goods importing and exporting business Roxburgh , Jacka & Co. .
Europa is a very dark carbonaceous C-type , and is the fourth largest of this group .
In the established classification , it belongs to the East Scandinavian languages together with Danish , separating it from the West Scandinavian languages , consisting of Faroese , Icelandic and Norwegian .
Donald Frank '' Don '' Cheadle -LRB- born November 29 , 1964 -RRB- is an American actor , film producer , philanthropist , and author .
They were not married .
Sodium chlorate is used as a non-selective herbicide .
The most commonly used lubricants are castor oil and synthetic oils , and many glow fuels include a mixture of the two .
In 1936 route closures began with the Central Drive and Layton routes .
In 1980 , Colbert was awarded the Sarah Siddons Award for her theatre work .
Alternative recommendations on intakes Some independent researchers have calculated the amount needed for an adult human to achieve similar blood serum levels as vitamin C synthesising mammals as follows : 400 milligrams per day : the Linus Pauling Institute .
The first Uzi submachine gun was designed by Major Uziel Gal in the late 1940s .
With The Beatles is The Beatles ' second UK album , recorded four months after the band 's first album and released on 22 November 1963 , the same day President John F. Kennedy was assassinated , on Parlophone in mono -LRB- catalogue number PMC 1206 -RRB- and stereo -LRB- PCS 3045 -RRB- .
Puerto Plata -LRB- , Silver Port -RRB- is one of the northern provinces of the Dominican Republic .
It is divided into two dialects : Karachay which pronounces two phonemes as and , and Balkar , which pronounces the corresponding phonemes as and .
The tropical storm moved westward to the south of the central Gulf coast on August 4 .
Sometimes , they migrate in very large groups in long files of lobsters across the sea floor .
While dolls have traditionally been toys for children , they are also collected by adults , for their nostalgic value , beauty , historical importance or financial value .
Pont-de-Labeaume is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
FlorianÃ polis is the capital city of Santa Catarina State in southern Brazil .
Characteristics Therapsids ' temporal fenestrae are larger than those of the pelycosaurs .
Vinculum is Latin for '' bond '' , '' fetter '' , '' chain '' , or '' tie '' , which is roughly suggestive of some of the uses of the symbol . The vinculum was developed in the 12th century by the Moroccan mathematician Abu Bakr al-Hassar .
West Punjab was a province of Pakistan from 1947 to 1955 .
After two consecutive 100 point seasons with Medicine Hat , Johnstone was drafted 104th overall by the New York Rangers in the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft , and 78th overall by the Michigan Stags in the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft .
Colorado Avalanche
Vendrennes is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Among the Indo-European languages , its date of earliest attestation is matched only by the now extinct Anatolian languages .
The nouns and adjectives are created by removing the ending and thus obtaining the root .
Similar in category , but with darker implications than ignoratio elenchi , a '' red herring '' is an answer , given in reply to a questioner , that goes beyond an innocent logical irrelevance .
Brécy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
There was a '' melding of the Cherokee rabbit-trickster ... into the culture of African slaves . ''
Dreieich borders in the north on the town of Neu-Isenburg , in the northeast on the district-free city of Offenbach , in the east on the towns of Heusenstamm , Dietzenbach and Rödermark , in the south on the community of Messel -LRB- Darmstadt-Dieburg -RRB- and the district-free city of Darmstadt and in the southwest on the town of Langen .
The TSO continued to give regular concerts at Massey Hall from 1923 to 1982 .
The original monitors were replaced in 1991 with larger and sleeker monitors .
During these triumphs Capablanca began to suffer symptoms of high blood pressure .
; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O9/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession .
On January 1 , 2006 Lommel had a total population of 31,898 .
RNA is made within living cells by RNA polymerases , enzymes that act to copy a DNA or RNA template into a new RNA strand through processes known as transcription or RNA replication , respectively . RNA and DNA are both nucleic acids , but differ in three main ways .
In anatomy , the dorsum is the upper side of animals that typically run , fly , or swim in a horizontal position , and the back side of animals -LRB- like humans -RRB- that walk upright .
Jesse Adam Eisenberg -LRB- born October 5 , 1983 -RRB- is an American actor .
Local band and vocal Manchester City supporters Oasis have played concerts at the stadium , one of which was featured on their DVD Lord Do n't Slow Me Down .
A statue of Webster is in front of the New Hampshire State House in Concord , New Hampshire .
Temperature Compression of a gas naturally increases its temperature .
Juan Pablo SorÃ n -LRB- born May 5 , 1976 -RRB- is a former Argentine footballer .
1266 - February 26 - In the Battle of Benevento , an army led by Charles , Count of Anjou , defeats a combined German and Sicilian force led by King Manfred of Sicily .
WWE RAW and WWE SmackDown has been held at the arena numerous times .
Ohey is a Walloon municipality and village in the Belgian province of Namur .
Later he was appointed as a lecturer in economics in Chittagong College in 1961 .
In 1977 the Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory -LRB- PMEL -RRB- deployed the first successful moored equatorial current meter - the beginning of the Tropical Atmosphere\/Ocean -LRB- TAO -RRB- array .
The Rosa Fire , three clustered blazes in the Via Santa Rosa/Rancho California Road area of western Temecula began October 22 .
So , for example , an earthquake that measures 5.0 on the Richter scale has a shaking amplitude 10 times larger than one that measures 4.0 .
One influential theory held that the biblical Ararat was striped with varying climatic zones , and as climate changed , the associated animals moved as well , eventually spreading to repopulate the globe .
This same species has other varieties as well , such as the Anaheim chiles often used for stuffing , the dried ancho chile used to make chili powder , the mild-to-hot jalapeÃ o , and the smoked , ripe jalapeÃ o , known as a chipotle .
History of the city The city was first mentioned in 1268 .
It is located within the Cathedral , and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
The Blackhawks , known as the Black Hawks from their inception until 1986 , have won the Stanley Cup four times in their 83-year history .
At the opening of the new Reichstag on 21 March 1933 , at the Kroll Opera House , the Nazis staged an elaborate ceremony , in which Hindenburg played the leading part , appearing alongside Hitler during the event , that was meant to mark the continuity between the old Prussian-German tradition and the new Nazi state .
Other sports such as cricket , rugby , tennis and golf were also popular within the camp .
Jerry Lee Rice -LRB- born October 13 , 1962 -RRB- is a retired Hall of Fame American football wide receiver .
St Albans -LRB- -RRB- is a city in southern Hertfordshire , England , around north of central London , which forms the main urban area of the City and District of St Albans .
The taka -LRB- -RRB- is the currency of Bangladesh .
In 1918 , Krosigk married Baroness Ehrengard von Plettenberg , with whom he had four sons and five daughters .
Other communities include Columbia , Mac Kinley , Santa Bárbara , Cuchilla Alta , Punta del Este , Sierra de Caballos and Sierra de Casas .
Wassigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Mediterranean Ridge is a wide ridge in the bed of the Mediterranean Sea , running along a rough quarter circle from Calabria , south of Crete , to the southwest corner of Turkey , and from there eastwards south of Turkey , including Cyprus .
The resulting hypotheses were an important impetus to the study of the geographical distribution of plants and animals , and indirectly spurred the emergence of biogeography in the 18th century .
His collaborators have spanned a wide range of musical styles and talents ; among them are Joshua Bell , Yo-Yo Ma , Béla Fleck , Sam Bush , James Taylor , Chris Thile , Mike Marshall , Mark O'Connor , Alison Krauss , Mary Chapin Carpenter , and the trio Nickel Creek .
Bass or Basses may refer to :
Loubens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
If your account was registered prior to March 2 , 2006 -LRB- when confirmation was enforced -RRB- , your existing address -LRB- if any -RRB- has not been automatically confirmed .
Meir was elected Prime Minister of Israel on 17 March 1969 , after serving as Minister of Labor and Foreign Minister .
While the song was very popular in the United States , even managing to hit number 26 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay , the lack of a commercial single prevented the song from charting on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Astrobiology Mgazine -LSB- -RSB- Accessed 26 April 2008 Multiple genesis Different forms of life may have appeared quasi-simultaneously in the early history of Earth .
The Missouri Valley Conference -LRB- also called MVC or simply '' The Valley '' -RRB- is a college athletic conference whose members are located in the midwestern United States .
The golfer Paul Lawrie , who famously won the 1999 Open Championship is a former pupil of Kemnay Academy , as is Aberdeen FC footballer Darren Mackie .
The last day of the Julian calendar was Thursday , 4 October 1582 and this was followed by the first day of the Gregorian calendar , Friday , 15 October 1582 -LRB- the cycle of weekdays was not affected -RRB- .
Formula editor
Geomyoids are most noticeably characterized by the position of the infraorbital canal .
When Sirius escapes to seek revenge , Harry and Hermione use a Time Turner to save him and a hippogriff named Buckbeak .
Electrostatics is the branch of science that deals with the phenomena arising from stationary or slow-moving electric charges .
He decorated the Bosnia and Herzegovina Pavilion and collaborated with decorating the Austrian Pavilion .
RA ; symbol Î -RRB- is the astronomical term for one of the two coordinates of a point on the celestial sphere when using the equatorial coordinate system .
Blankets are subdivided into many types , including quilts , duvets , and comforters , depending on their thickness , construction and\/or fill material .
Canton , South Dakota
The Amazilia Hummingbird occurs in western Peru and Ecuador .
He has also received awards and nominations at the American Music Awards , MTV Video Music Awards , and Golden Globe Awards .
Harlan , Jack R. -LRB- 1992 -RRB- Crops & Man : Views on Agricultural Origins ASA , CSA , Madison , WI .
The magnitude of a mathematical object is its size : a property by which it can be larger or smaller than other objects of the same kind ; in technical terms , an ordering of the class of objects to which it belongs .
It falls between Wednesday and Friday .
May 19 -- Vladimir Monomakh , Grand Duke of Kiev
Later in his career , as '' Lacey Party Guest '' in Annie Hall -LRB-/O1977/O-RRB- , Goldblum is seen saying into the telephone at a Hollywood party , '' I forgot my mantra . ''
This is the same list used for the 1997 season .
A funnel cloud is usually visible as a cone-shaped or needle like protuberance from the main cloud base .
The design of the Stratocaster has transcended the field of music to rank among the classic industrial designs of all time ; examples have been exhibited at major museums around the world .
-- -RRB-
Avet Terterian -LRB- also Alfred Roubenovich Terterian or Terteryan -RRB- -LRB- July 29 , 1929 in Baku , Azerbaijan â '' December 11 , 1994 in Yekaterinburg , Russia -RRB- was an Armenian composer , awarded the Konrad Adenauer Prize .
Born in Larbert , Stirlingshire , Scotland to parents Alexander and Isabella -LRB- Henderson -RRB- Finlayson , Scotland Statutory Registers : Births in the Parish of Larbert in the County of Stirling , 1887 - page 51 , Item # 151 he attended George Watson 's College before dropping out of the University of Edinburgh to pursue an acting career .
Geneva -LRB- , ; , ; , ; ; -RRB- is the second-most-populous city in Switzerland -LRB- after Zürich -RRB- and is the most populous city of Romandie -LRB- the French-speaking part of Switzerland -RRB- .
Bergdietikon is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Its county seat is Lake City , Florida .
Rosalie Anderson '' Andie '' MacDowell -LRB- born April 21 , 1958 -RRB- is an American model and actress .
The Northern League exists so that professional baseball players who are not signed by a Major or Minor League organization could have another chance at playing at a higher level .
Sufism is a mystical-ascetic form of Islam practiced by both shia and Sunni Muslims .
In her first appearance in 1976 , while a junior in high school , she finished second taking titles in tennis and bowling where she won with 192 points .
Grandpa Never Lies is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Harvey Stevenson .
It is the main artery running north from Parliament Square , towards Charing Cross at the southern end of Trafalgar Square .
American Idiot won the 2005 Grammy for '' Best Rock Album '' and the band swept the 2005 MTV music awards , winning a total of seven of the eight awards they were nominated for , including the coveted Viewer 's Choice Award .
A sister-in-law -LRB- plural sisters-in-law -RRB- is the sister of one 's spouse , the wife of one 's sibling , or sometimes the wife of one 's spouse 's sibling.Merriam-Webster dictionary entryreference.com dictionary entry Relative to a woman , the latter case -LRB- typically her husband 's brother 's wife ; that is , the two women have married brothers -RRB- is occasionally called a , as they are each the sister-in-law of the other 's husband .
206-210 ISBN 0-7167-2438-3 Feldspars are also found in many types of sedimentary rock .
Although Smoot attended MIT , he was not the same Smoot who was laid end to end to measure the Harvard Bridge between Cambridge and Boston ; this was his cousin Oliver R. Smoot , an MIT alumnus who later served as the chairman of the American National Standards Institute .
The film was released for download directly and via BitTorrent on the Official Orange Project website on May 18 , 2006 , along with all production files .
Whereas Pallas and Eris - the only larger bodies with comparably tilted orbits - have nodes near perihelion and aphelion , Euphrosyne 's perihelion lies at the northernmost point of its orbit .
Sir Michael Kemp Tippett OM CH CBE -LRB- 2 January 1905 8 January 1998 -RRB- was one of the foremost English composers of the 20th century .
ICD9 =
He died in Paris .
The generic name originated in Latin , where it specifically referred to the plant now known as Citron -LRB- C. medica -RRB- .
Now knowing that Spider-Man has feelings for Mary Jane , the Goblin lures him to the top of the Queensboro Bridge by taking Mary Jane and a Roosevelt Island Tramway car full of children hostage , then drops both at the same time .
Sir Richard was appointed by the High Court of the Admiralty to set up the first English law court in the New World in 1615 in Trinity .
The 1986 -- 87 season was the landmark in Napoli 's history ; they won the double , securing the Serie A title by three points and then beating Atalanta 4 -- 0 to lift the Coppa Italia .
The Duchy of Parma was ruined by many years of warfare , and in 1759 Philip named the abled Frenchmen Guillaume du Tillot as his minister to restore the economy .
Their album fared much better , which was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
Edna Ruth Parker -LRB- née Scott ; Governor meets with country 's two oldest , both Hoosiers April 20 , 1893 -- November 26 , 2008 -RRB- was an American supercentenarian and , until her death , was recognized as the oldest person in the world following the death of Yone Minagawa of Japan on August 13 , 2007 .
It is an important economic insect since it is the producer of silk .
He was replaced in August 1970 by Phil Collins .
These amino acids and small peptides could be encouraged to form closed spherical membranes , called proteinoid microspheres , which show many of the basic characteristics of ` life ' .
Loamhedge is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 2003 .
Vauxhall station is a National Rail , London Underground and London Buses interchange station .
All mushers are required to take an 8-hour rest stop at White Mountain before making the final push to the end of the race , 99 m away in Nome .
Several small factories supporting the auto industry have also opened in the past few years .
By 1961 , Gordy had appointed Robinson vice-president of Motown Records , a title Robinson held for as long as Gordy remained with the company .
In 1858 , he became organist at the newly-consecrated Saint Clotilde Basilica , where he remained until his death .
The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride -LRB- later retitled The Lion King 2 : Simba 's Pride -RRB- is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Video on October 27 , 1998 .
It is named after builder William Baker , who laid the street out in the 18th century .
Maria Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo -LRB- born April 5 , 1947 -RRB- is a Filipino politician who served as the 14th President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010 , as the 12th Vice President of the Philippines from 1998 to 2001 , and is currently a member of the House of Representatives representing the 2nd District of Pampanga .
The area includes the Virginia cities of Norfolk , Virginia Beach , Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Poquoson , Portsmouth , Suffolk , Williamsburg , and the counties of Gloucester , Isle of Wight , James City , Mathews , Surry , and York , as well as the North Carolina county of Currituck .
Pan -LRB- Greek , genitive -RRB- , in Greek religion and mythology , is the god of shepherds and flocks , of mountain wilds , hunting and rustic music , as well as the companion of the nymphs .
The Invasion The WWF had effectively doubled the size of its roster through its acquisition of WCW , and as a result , there was not enough screen time for everyone .
The OED notes that the word alcatraz was originally applied to the frigatebird ; the modification to albatross was perhaps influenced by Latin albus , meaning '' white '' , in contrast to frigatebirds which are black .
The Manual of Life - Karma , Parvesh Singla , section 1
Even so , the clarinet in B-flat is still often used for music in D major , and is perhaps the sharpest key that is practical for the instrument .
La Scala hosted the prima -LRB- first production -RRB- of many famous operas , and had a special relationship with Giuseppe Verdi .
The city had been a coal-mining and rail center and contains factories producing coal-tar derivatives , chemicals , textiles , and machinery .
The acoustic guitar is used in many kinds of music including folk , country , bluegrass , pop , jazz , and blues .
Soon after his birth , Grabowski 's family moved from Nowe Dobra to Thorn , Prussia -LRB- now Toru , Poland -RRB- .
GCHQ was originally established after the First World War as the Government Code and Cypher School -LRB- GCCS or GC&CS -RRB- , by which name it was known until 1946 .
In the summer of 1944 at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory , McClintock began systematic studies on the mechanisms of the mosaic color patterns of maize seed and the unstable inheritance of this mosaicism .
Numerous start-up companies have established headquarters in the city , the median income is increasing , and the city is being transformed from a place thrown back in time by the collapse of USSR into a modern , industrial and technology-rich hub .
Eligibility requires that a player has '' been retired five seasons '' or be deceased for at least six months , disqualifying nine living players who have been active within the past five seasons .
Dario Dainelli -LRB- born 9 June 1979 in Pontedera , Province of Pisa -RRB- is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Genoa .
Richard Paul '' Rick '' Astley -LRB- ; born 6 February 1966 -RRB- is a BRIT Award-winning English singer-songwriter , musician , and radio personality .
Each data packet contains address information that a router can use to determine if the source and destination are on the same network , or if the data packet must be transferred from one network to another .
A young tree is called a sapling .
The debut album peaked at # 4 on the Australian charts and gained an ARIA certification of four times platinum , for 280,000 + sales .
Xi'an is the eastern terminus of the Silk Road and home of the Terracotta Army which was made during the Qin Dynasty .
It incorporates the first length of motorway opened in the UK and forms part of a motorway '' Backbone of Britain '' , running north-south between London and Glasgow via the industrial North of England .
Saosnes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The subject matter and story lines are typically consistent with the age and experience of the main character , but beyond that YA stories span the entire spectrum of fiction genres .
Today the nearest railway station is Burton upon Trent , about five miles away , as the railway between Burton and Leicester lost its passenger service under the Beeching Plan in the 1960s and now carries only freight .
Tweed realizes that her pet is no longer safe with her and leaves him at a game preserve .
He currently plays for Cruzeiro .
Schmallenberg in the North borders to the Municipality of Bestwig and the Town of Meschede , in the East to the Town of Winterberg , in the South to the Town of Bad Berleburg , and in the West to the Municipality of Eslohe -LRB- Sauerland -RRB- and the Town of Lennestadt .
The award is named after the American master of the form , O. Henry .
The earliest railways employed horses to draw carts along railed tracks .
Northampton Town Football Club is a football club based in Northampton .
Kinorhyncha -LRB- Gr .
Adhan is called out by the muezzin in the mosque , sometimes from a minaret , five times a day summoning Muslims for mandatory -LRB- fard -RRB- prayers -LRB- salah -RRB- .
March 21 , 1994 : Robert Dirk traded from Vancouver to Chicago for Chicago 's fourth round pick in 1994 Entry Draft .
However , subsequent productions saw him broadening his musical palette and expressing influences encompassing '70s R&B , baroque pop , trip hop , arena rock , folk , alternative , electronica , synth-pop , and classical music .
Even after Chapman 's death , until the late 1980s , Lotus continued to be a major player in Formula One .
It includes approximately 11,000 species divided into about 10 families .
West Ham United Football Club is an association football club based in Upton Park , Newham , East London .
The Maya is a Mesoamerican civilization , noted for the only known fully developed written language of the pre-Columbian Americas , as well as its art , architecture , and mathematical and astronomical systems .
Recent advances in genomics , including whole-genome sequencing , high-throughput protein characterization , and bioinformatics have led to a dramatic increase in studies on the topic .
The transition point between Early and Later Middle Chinese is thought to be during the Mid-Tang Dynasty and is indicated by phonological developments .
After supporting Richard Nixon in his 1960 presidential race against John F. Kennedy , Robinson later praised Kennedy effusively for his stance on civil rights .
Mittois is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Leon H. '' Bud '' Carson -LRB- â '' -RRB- was an American football coach best-known for his role on the Pittsburgh Steelers ' championship teams of the 1970s .
Matt -LRB- Josh Gad -RRB- , Fish 's nephew , plays the keyboards in a pop rock band called A.D.D. , joined by the dark , brooding Curtis -LRB- Teddy Geiger -RRB- and the no-nonsense Amelia -LRB- Emma Stone -RRB- .
January 13 -- Edward Sexby , who had plotted against Oliver Cromwell , dies in the Tower of London .
They both are put into a police car , smile menacingly at one and another , and the scene fades in the same black-and-white color as the intro .
Lochristi is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
'' Scandal '' was written by May about the British press , which had been controversial about his recent divorce and his relationship with actress Anita Dobson .
Devon gets its name from the Dumnonii , a name which the invading Romans gave to the Celtic tribe in that area .
Pillboxes are often camouflaged in order to conceal their location and to maximize the element of surprise .
The Acts of the Apostles records that Agrippa I had James executed by sword .
DIA Public Web Page , Overview of the Origins of DIA
John Milton Cage Jr. -LRB- September 5 , 1912 â '' August 12 , 1992 -RRB- was an American composer , philosopher , poet , music theorist , artist , printmaker , and amateur mycologist and mushroom collector .
Lavigne 's debut single and the album 's lead single , '' Complicated '' , went to number one in Australia and number two in the United States .
In the now-dissolved Soviet Union , oblasts were one of the types of administrative divisions of the union republics .
Born in Wyre Piddle , son of Harry and Madeline -LRB- née Winn -RRB- , near Pershore , Worcestershire , Choules joined the Royal Navy as a young man in 1916 , and served aboard the Naval Training Ship HMS Circe situated at Plymouth .
When Chinnamalai was about the wear the shoes , he found the note from Velappan .
2003 & ndash ; The U.S. Supreme Court rules in Lawrence v. Texas that gender-based sodomy laws are unconstitutional .
Phencyclidine , a recreational drug known by a number of street names including PCP , angel dust , supergrass , killer weed , sherm , embalming fluid , and rocket fuel
The film starred Matthew Broderick in his second major film role , and featured Ally Sheedy , Dabney Coleman , John Wood , and Barry Corbin .
Saint-Martin-Choquel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is 245m above sea-level and about 380 km west of Sydney .
Oak Creek Township is one of twenty-four townships in Saunders County , Nebraska , United States .
March 29 , 1998 -- The Undertaker beats Kane at WrestleMania XIV , making Kane the seventh opponent whom Taker had beaten at Wrestlemania .
Early photographers often depicted the nudity of women like the one we see here by Félix-Jacques Moulin .
Strasbourg -LRB- ; Lower Alsatian : Strossburi , ; , -RRB- is the capital and principal city of the Alsace region in north-eastern France .
This page allows you to carry out experiments .
This is a live bombing range and is clearly posted as such .
Key lime juice , unlike regular lime juice , is a pale yellow .
The 2010 ATP World Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments -LRB- supervised by the International Tennis Federation -LRB- ITF -RRB- -RRB- , the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 , the ATP World Tour 500 series , the ATP World Tour 250 series , the ATP World Team Championship , the Davis Cup -LRB- organized by the ITF -RRB- , and the ATP World Tour Finals .
The village of Wellington was gazetted in 1846 and was declared a town in 1879 .
There are five things that define a rastafarian , they do not drink Alcohal , do not cut their hair , habitual smoking of marijuana , have a strict diet -LRB- all natural , not uncommon to be vegetarian -RRB- , and believe in Jah and zion .
UEFA stadium categories are categories for football stadia laid out in the UEFA Stadium Infrastructure Regulations .
Duranus is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Hard science fiction , or '' hard SF '' , is characterized by rigorous attention to accurate detail in quantitative sciences , especially physics , astrophysics , and chemistry , or on accurately depicting worlds that more advanced technology may make possible .
Jurassic Park : Operation Genesis -LRB- known colloquially as ` JP : OG ' or ` JPOG ' -RRB- is a video game for the PC , Xbox , and PlayStation 2 based on the novel and film series Jurassic Park .
The river flows 148 kilometers before emptying into the Caribbean Sea .
1986 & ndash ; The Gateway Bridge , Brisbane in Queensland , Australia is officially opened .
Visitors can take the '' Tower Tour '' where the interior of the hollow spire , with its ancient wood scaffolding , can be viewed .
One of the earliest public key encryption applications was called Pretty Good Privacy -LRB- PGP -RRB- .
In cryptography , truncated differential cryptanalysis is a generalization of differential cryptanalysis , an attack against block ciphers .
Many of the islands in the Aegean have safe harbors and bays .
In order to pay for the '' passive resistance '' in the Ruhr , the German government began the hyper-inflation that destroyed the German economy in 1923 .
Gresso is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The causes of transgenderism are less clear ; it has been subject of much speculation , but no psychological theory has ever been proven to apply to even a significant minority of transgender individuals , and theories that assume a sex difference in the brain are relatively new and difficult to prove , because at the moment they require a destructive analysis of inner brain structures , which are quite small .
This is sometimes used to abuse or interrupt the accessed service , potentially violating its terms of service or some laws ; open proxies are therefore often seen as a problem .
When organisms are heterozygous at a gene , often one allele is called dominant as its qualities dominate the phenotype of the organism , while the other allele is called recessive as its qualities recede and are not observed .
The state capital is Shimla which was formerly British India 's summer capital under the name Simla .
The 1996-discovered subglacial Lake Vostok challenges both records ; it is estimated to be 200 to 600 m below sea level .
The Verkhovna Rada was first established in 1938 as the national parliament of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Mangrove trees live right in the water .
Discovering a beam of light streaming through a hole in the wall between them , Collins follows the light and spots Penny modelling for a photo shoot .
The non-offending team has a number of options when awarded a penalty : a '' tap '' kick , when the ball is kicked a very short distance from hand , allowing the kicker to regather the ball and run with it ; a punt , when the ball is kicked a long distance from hand , for field position ; a place-kick , when the kicker will attempt to score a goal ; or a scrum .
Ottmar Hitzfeld -LRB- born 12 January 1949 in Lörrach , Baden-Württemberg -RRB- is a German former football player and manager , nicknamed der General -LRB- '' the general '' -RRB- .
Kashmir Solidarity Day has been observed on 5 February each year since 1990 in Pakistan as a day of protest against Indian control of part of Kashmir .
At one time the fuel was widely used in kerosene lamps and lanterns .
This was not due to a negation of the relationship between the two philosophers , however , but rather was the result of a suggested censorship by Heidegger 's publisher who feared that the book might otherwise be banned by the Nazi regime .
Saiky Line \/O/ Sh nan-Shinjuku Line -LRB- Yamanote Freight Line -RRB- - also used by Narita Express trains
The climate of a location is affected by its latitude , terrain , and altitude , as well as nearby water bodies and their currents .
In a twisted nematic device -LRB- still the most common liquid crystal device -RRB- , the surface alignment directions at the two electrodes are perpendicular to each other , and so the molecules arrange themselves in a helical structure , or twist .
Cuba Gooding , Sr. -LRB- born April 27 , 1944 -RRB- is the lead singer of the soul group The Main Ingredient , most notable for its two biggest hits , '' Everybody Plays the Fool '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- and '' Just Do n't Want to Be Lonely '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- .
After you save the unblock request to your talk page , it is automatically placed in : Category : Requests for unblock .
Krusenstern Island -LRB- and similar names -RRB- is a toponym honoring the Baltic German explorer Adam Johann von Krusenstern -LRB- 1770 â '' 1846 -RRB- .
The US Open , the NASDAQ-100 Open in Key Biscayne , Florida , the US Open Series , and World Team Tennis started using a '' challenge '' system in 2006 and the Australian Open and Wimbledon introduced the system in 2007 .
The Galilean moons are the four moons of Jupiter discovered by Galileo Galilei on January 7 , 1610 .
Graubünden , St. Gallen , Thurgau , the Ticino and Vaud become Swiss cantons .
All the brooms and their relatives -LRB- including Laburnum and Ulex -RRB- are natives of Europe , north Africa and southwest Asia , with the greatest diversity in the Mediterranean region .
Lyford et al. , p. 339 -- 340 Their most famous coach was the Concord Coach , modeled after the coronation coach of King George III .
It was the official timekeeper for the 2006 Winter Olympics and for the 2008 Summer Olympics , and did the same for the 2010 Winter Olympics .
It has a border crossing to the Haitian town Belladère .
He missed the 2003 race and returned in 2004 , only for the car he shared with Nicolas Minassian and Emmanuel Collard to retire after 282 laps .
By the time Smith handed the editor 's chair to Nick Logan in mid-1973 , the paper was selling nearly 300,000 copies per week and was outstripping its other weekly rivals , Melody Maker , Disc , Record Mirror and Sounds .
In modern times , however , the word mistress is used primarily to refer to the female lover of a man who is married to another woman ; in the case of an unmarried man it is usual to speak of a '' girlfriend '' or '' partner . ''
The CN Tower , located in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada , is a communications and observation tower standing tall .
Created by writer David Michelinie and artist Todd McFarlane , the character first appeared in Web of Spider-Man # 18 -LRB- Sept. 1986 -RRB- .
The known isotopes of cerium range in atomic weight from to .
The Gare de Blois railway station offers direct connections to Paris , OrlÃ ans , Tours , Nantes and several regional destinations . The A10 motorway connects Blois with Paris , OrlÃ ans and Tours .
A pillow is a large cushion support for the head , usually used while sleeping in a bed , or for the body as used on a couch or chair .
The storm is known as the Gulf to Bermuda Hurricane .
27 two-tier counties
Voigt died in Luxembourg in 1922 .
As of 2009 , it is the longest running continually published magazine of that genre .
GÃ 1\/4 strow is a town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , Germany the capital of the district of GÃ 1\/4 strow .
Bridges are subject to unplanned uses as well .
In geology , a crust is the outermost solid shell of a rocky planet or moon , which is chemically distinct from the underlying mantle .
Nevertheless , he was retained as Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland by Labor leader Ed Miliband .
Matthews was drafted in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft , with the 26th overall pick -LRB- Acquired from a trade with the New England Patriots -RRB- , by the Green Bay Packers .
The first version of Enlightenment was released by Rasterman -LRB- Carsten Haitzler -RRB- in 1997 .
Mitsuhiro Momota , better known as RikidÅ zan -LRB- Japanese : å é '' å , Korean : ì -- ë ì Yeokdosan , November 14 , 1924 â '' December 15 , 1963 -RRB- , was a Korean Japanese professional wrestler , known as the '' Father of Puroresu '' and one of the most influential men in wrestling history .
Lorgies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Maple syrup urine disease -LRB- MSUD -RRB- , also called branched-chain ketoaciduria , is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder affecting branched-chain amino acids .
The river starts at the junction of headwaters Brebu , GrÄ diÅ tea and Semenic in Lake Trei Ape .
Harris says that working with Kylie was '' surreal , but fun '' although he admitted to Mixmag in 2007 to '' needing a few drinks before meeting her .
Henry Wager Halleck
Gein denied having sex with the bodies he exhumed , explaining , '' They smelled too bad .
In computability theory , the halting problem is a decision problem which can be stated as follows : Given a description of a program , decide whether the program finishes running or continues to run , and will thereby run forever .
dateofbirth =
The commune was named in honor of Romanian composer Ciprian Porumbescu , who died there in 1883 .
We 're Alive '' , Up-Front Works Discography -- Souda !
Tuskegee is Tuskegee , Alabama , a city in the United States .
The algorithm was intended as a replacement for the Data Encryption Standard -LRB- DES -RRB- .
Wissant -LRB- White sand -RRB- is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Frisians are an ethnic group of the Germanic people living in coastal parts of The Netherlands , Denmark and Germany .
On April 6 , 2007 , the project development team announced the results of their settlement with AOL , which included a series of name changes : Gaim became Pidgin , libgaim became libpurple , and gaim-text became finch .
Thermodynamic temperature is the absolute measure of temperature and is one of the principal parameters of thermodynamics .
In 2007 , American comic book publisher IDW Publishing -LRB- publisher of various Angel , Star Trek and The Transformers comic titles -RRB- announced their plans to do a devoted series of Tenth Doctor and Martha comics for an American audience .
But Tinker Bell soon learns from Queen Clarion -LRB- Anjelica Huston -RRB- that only nature-talent fairies visit the mainland .
The hryvnia , sometimes hryvnya or grivna ; sign : â , code : -LRB- UAH -RRB- , has been the national currency of Ukraine since September 2 , 1996 . The hryvnia is subdivided into 100 kopiyok .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Distribution and other corporate offices are in New York City .
It has also been sold as Lancer Fortis in Taiwan with a different facelift compared to Galant Fortis .
The lack of beef or corned beef in the Irish diet is especially true in Northern Ireland and areas away from the major centres for corned beef production .
Lancaster Cricket Club is sited near the River Lune in Lancaster .
He received a scholarship to the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia where he studied from 1993 to 1996 and began singing in student opera productions in the repertory which is still his specialty today , Rossini and the bel canto operas of Bellini and Donizetti .
More significant than the honor of the prize itself , the official congratulation from the International Committee of the Red Cross marked the overdue rehabilitation of Henry Dunant and represented a tribute to his key role in the formation of the Red Cross .
The ray-finned fishes are so called because they possess lepidotrichia or '' fin rays '' , their fins being webs of skin supported by bony or horny spines -LRB- '' rays '' -RRB- , as opposed to the fleshy , lobed fins that characterize the class Sarcopterygii .
Theobald III becomes Count of Champagne .
On 13 June 1941 , breakaway factions of the National Conference revived the Muslim Conference under the leadership of Choudry Ghualm Abbas .
The political platform of the Libertarian Party reflects its brand of libertarianism , favoring minimally regulated , laissez-faire markets , strong civil liberties , minimally regulated migration across borders , and non-interventionism in foreign policy , i.e. , avoiding foreign military or economic entanglements with other nations and respect for freedom of trade and travel to all foreign countries .
Rodrigo Gral -LRB- , born 21 February 1977 in Chapecó -RRB- is a Brazilian professional footballer who currently plays for the Brazilian team Bahia .
On two occasions he stood for Sheffield as a '' philosophic radical '' , but without success .
GÃ rald Passi -LRB- born 21 January 1964 in Albi , France -RRB- is a former football midfielder .
Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre , 1st Marquess of the Gardens of Aranjuez -LRB- November 22 , 1901July 6 , 1999 -RRB- , commonly known as Joaquín Rodrigo , was a composer of classical music and a virtuoso pianist .
The second part of this book focuses on the establishment of the Independent State of Croatia , the active support of this state by the Roman Catholic clergy , and their involvement and support in the extermination and\/or forceful conversion of the Serbs and extermination of the Jews and the Roma people .
The Rwanda national football team , nicknamed Amavubi -LRB- The Wasps -RRB- , is the national team of Rwanda and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration Rwandaise de Football Amateur .
While there , Bella expresses her desire to become a vampire , which Edward refuses .
July 15 -- The Duke of Monmouth is executed at Tower Hill , London .
According to Australian rock music historian Ian McFarlane , Rose Tattoo are '' one of the most revered bands of all time .
She assumed the role because Arthur 's wife , Ellen Lewis Herndon Arthur , had died only a year and a half earlier .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 1.5 square miles -LRB- 3.9 km -RRB- , of which , 1.5 square miles -LRB- 3.8 km -RRB- of it is land and 0.04 square miles -LRB- 0.1 km -RRB- of it -LRB- 2.68 % -RRB- is water .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit -LRB- otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit -RRB- is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
The Sierra de Bahoruco , called Massif de la Selle in Haiti .
Inside the DMZ , near the western coast of the peninsula , is a place called Panmunjeom , home of the Joint Security Area -LRB- JSA -RRB- .
It was held from 2 to 9 January .
The leaves are often used to flavor soups , stews , braises and pâtés in Mediterranean Cuisine .
Bryan Konietzko is the co-creator and executive producer of the popular animated series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
The peninsula protrudes into the rich fishing zones near the Grand Banks .
A recent study showed that in one case a needle biopsy of a liver tumor resulted in spread of the cancer along the path of the needle , and concluded that needle aspiration was dangerous and unnecessary .
Maissemy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Neil is the third most unpopular of the four , although he is the only one who performs any kind of household chores and is therefore needed by the other three .
The roots of this organization go back to 1934 and the creation of the New York City Housing Authority .
He played his entire 17-year baseball career for the New York Yankees -LRB- 1923 â '' 1939 -RRB- .
The same year , he was one of the founders of the '' Bund nationalsozialistischer Bühnen - und Filmkünstler '' -LRB- '' Union of national-socialist stage and movie artists '' -RRB- , which was renamed '' Kameradschaft deutscher Künstler '' -LRB- '' fellowship of German artists '' -RRB- after Hitler 's rise to power in 1933 .
Ashfield is a village in Stirlingshire , Scotland .
During the journey , Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah -LRB- Carla Gugino -RRB- who 's never had a human family , but is forced to leave her behind by Shadow and Riley -LRB- voiced by Sinbad -RRB- , the leader of Delilah 's pack .
At age twelve , she began studying acting at Houston 's Alley Theatre , and later attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston .
New Zealand is an island country in the south-western Pacific Ocean comprising two main landmasses -LRB- the North Island and the South Island -RRB- and numerous smaller islands , most notably Stewart Island and the Chatham Islands .
Kallern is a municipality in the district of Muri District in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Missouri Valley is a city in Harrison County , Iowa , United States .
Nevertheless , the Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge has become a symbol of the city as part of the Torrance Police Department 's logo as of January 1 , 2000 , only the third such change in the department 's history .
Many thousands of Jews are massacred and the violence spreads throughout Spain and Portugal .
Ni-hachi -LRB- ä å '' , two-eight -RRB- soba , consists of two parts of wheat and eight of buckwheat ; Juuwari -LRB- å å , 100 % -RRB- soba , the finest -LRB- and usually most expensive -RRB- variety , consists entirely of buckwheat .
Sulz is the name of a number of places in Germany , Austria , and Switzerland :
Contemporary Russian composer Lyapunov must also have liked the key because he wrote the second etude of his Op .
Neighbours began with three families created by Watson - the Ramsays , the Robinsons and the Clarkes .
The is for officer and first started during the violence of the 1970s and 1980s New York City .
Journal of the History of Biology 7 , 5-30 .
Born in London , he went to Sevenoaks SchoolSevenoaks School and then studied three dimensional design at Manchester Polytechnic and at the Royal College of Art , winning several prizes .
Nargis is the deadliest named cyclone in the North Indian Ocean Basin , as well as the second deadliest named cyclone of all time , behind Typhoon Nina of 1975 .
The Worldwatch Institute is a globally focused environmental research organization based in Washington , D.C. Worldwatch was named as one of the top ten sustainable development research organizations by Globescan Survey of Sustainability Experts . The Worldwatch Institute helps to inform policymakers and the public about the complex links between the world economy and its environmental support systems .
The character debuted in Friz Freleng 's Life With Feathers -LRB- 1945 -RRB- .
Ralph Nader -LRB- born February 27 , 1934 -RRB- is an American attorney , author , lecturer , political activist , and candidate for President of the United States as an independent candidate in 2004 and 2008 , and a Green Party candidate in 1996 and 2000 .
The Province of Livorno or Leghorn -LRB- -RRB- is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Wikipedia is not a dictionary or a slang , jargon or usage guide .
William Hartnell himself suggested that Patrick Troughton should be cast as the new Doctor .
Grierson proposed to name this putative language '' Lahnda '' , and he dubbed as '' Southern Lahnda '' the coherent dialect cluster now known as Saraiki spoken in Multan Dera Ghazi Khan and Bahawalpur division and '' North Lahnda '' now known as Potwari spoken in Rawalpindi division and '' Western Lahnda '' now known as Hindko spoken in the regions bordering Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
The province as of June 20 , 2006 is divided into the following municipalities -LRB- municipios -RRB- and municipal districts -LRB- distrito municipal - D.M. -RRB- within them :
Serbia has an embassy in Buenos Aires and Argentina has an embassy in Belgrade .
It can be seen notably at the East End of Gloucester Cathedral where the East Window is said to be as large as a tennis court .
Andriy Anatoliyovych Rusol -LRB- born 16 January 1983 in Kirovohrad -RRB- is a Ukrainian footballer , who currently plays as a defender for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk and the Ukrainian national team .
Demographics See also : Demographics of Sydney , and Demographics of Australia Population The estimated population of New South Wales at the end of June 2007 was 6.89 million people .
Substantial influxes of African , Asian , and Latin American immigrants have joined the descendants of European immigrants and the original Native American inhabitants .
Antônio Lima dos Santos , known as Lima -LRB- born 18 January 1942 -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer .
Another festival in her honor , the Nonae Caprotinae -LRB- '' The Nones of the Wild Fig '' -RRB- was held on July 7 .
History The area around Bayeux is called the Bessin , which was a province of France until the French Revolution .
Gastines is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Astra was Vauxhall 's first model to have front wheel drive .
It is a dormitory community with a resident population of just over 14,000 people .
The Sunshine Coast 's first white inhabitants were three castaways who shared the life of the aborigines for eight months and subsequently , it became the home of numerous runaway convicts .
It is the largest church in the state of Indiana , and in 2007 was the 20th largest in the United States .
Wolfgang Sawallisch serves as honorary conductor laureate .
OCA formally supervised the games starting from the 1986 Asian Games in South Korea .
On May 31 , 2007 , the $ 27 million Billy Graham Library was officially dedicated in Charlotte .
The family consists of only a single living genus Platanus , of six to ten species of tall trees , native to temperate and subtropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
The National Party , promoting a policy of '' change '' , won 45 % of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in Parliament -LRB- including a two-seat overhang -RRB- , a substantial margin over the Labor Party , which won 43 seats .
Ekiga was initially written by Damien Sandras in order to graduate from the UniversitÃ catholique de Louvain .
GRUB Manual - 1.2 Grub History In 1999 , Gordon Matzigkeit and Yoshinori K. Okuji made GRUB an official software package of the GNU project and opened the development process to the public .
Gonzalo Sorondo Amaro -LRB- born October 9 , 1979 in Montevideo -RRB- is a defensive Uruguayan-born Brazilian footballer who plays for Internacional in Brazil .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 44,668 .
Edith Massey -LRB- May 28 , 1918 -- October 24 , 1984 -RRB- was an American actress and singer .
Sinclair edited Corman 's directorial debut , Swamp Women , and went on to work on at least a dozen of his films including Day the World Ended , The Intruder , The Raven and The Trip .
It is developed and maintained by the Icelandic company CCP Games .
On 29 March 1814 , accompanied by her suite , the empress left the Tuileries Palace with her son .
He also debuted as a motion picture music composer with famed Scottish composer Craig Armstrong and Marius De Vries for the soundtrack for Baz Luhrmann 's Romeo + Juliet in 1996 .
Bezprym seizes the throne of Poland from Mieszko II .
Columbus has stated that the cast were chosen specifically with sequels in mind .
-LRB- 1981 ; Penguin , 1987 -RRB- ISBN 0140108661
The Hush Sound is an indie quartet originating in DuPage County , Illinois .
FriÃ res-Faillou Ã '' l is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
United Kingdom
Ueken is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Zurzach is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the administrative capital of Zurzach .
Tahlequah -LRB- Cherokee : á '' á á , pronounced -RRB- is a city in Cherokee County , Oklahoma , United States located at the foothills of the Ozark Mountains .
Obama 's former Chief of Staff , Rahm Emanuel , is said to be the basis of the Josh Lyman character , who became Santos ' Chief of Staff .
Anna van Egmont -LRB- Grave , March 1533 â '' Breda , 24 March 1558 -RRB- was a wealthy Dutch heiress who became the first wife of William the Silent , Prince of Orange .
Other Computer Science conferences on data mining include :
The municipalities and its municipal districts -LRB- M.D. -RRB- are :
Tina Watsons father told media in November 2009 , two months after the appeal decision , that he thinks Gabe is a copy-cat killer as he probably got the inspiration for the murder by a copying the modus operandi of a former almost successfull murder which was committed in the British Virgin Islands .
Placing considerable financial and personnel resources into rebuilding Firestone after the purchase , Bridgestone achieved surplus annual profits for the year 1992 with BFE -LRB- Bridgestone Firestone Europe -RRB- and again in 1993 with BFS -LRB- Bridgestone Firestone USA -RRB- .
The axilla -LRB- or armpit , underarm , or oxter -RRB- is the area on the human body directly under the joint where the arm connects to the shoulder .
The new railway company completed New Street Station half a mile to the west of Curzon Street Station in 1854 which they shared with Midland Railway . Regular passenger services at Curzon Street ceased the same year and the name of the station had been changed from ` Birmingham ' to ` Birmingham Curzon Street ' in November 1852 .
Kyneton -LRB- -RRB- Macquarie Dictionary , Fourth Edition -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB- .
The seven kids reappeared as bosses in Super Mario World -LRB- having castles instead of airships -RRB- , Mario Is Missing !
After a brief period of a normal track to the northwest , Andres was picked up by westerly winds and became the first named storm to threaten Central America .
The Bucegi is believed to be the Dacian holy mountain Kogainon , on which the mythical figure Zalmoxis resided in a cave .
The Princess Elizabeth -LRB- 22 May 1770 -- 10 January 1840 -RRB- was a member of the British Royal Family , the 7th child and 3rd daughter of George III of the United Kingdom .
Trade is the voluntary , often asymmetric , exchange of goods , services , or money .
Russell Ira Crowe -LRB- born April 7 , 1964 -RRB- is a New Zealand-born Australian actor and musician .
In actuality the VÃ zinas only had two children and Georges spoke broken English .
In the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom , judges are called Justices of the Supreme Court .
At present the K-League is the only professional league in Korea .
Sometime between 1888 and 1890 , J. C. Fargo took a trip to Europe and returned frustrated and infuriated .
Glasgow Central is the larger of the two present main-line railway terminals in Glasgow , the largest city in Scotland .
In Super Smash Bros. .
1949 & ndash ; Eleven leaders of the American Communist Party are convicted , after a nine-month trial in a Federal District Court , of conspiring to advocate the violent overthrow of the U.S. Federal Government .
Henry , known as the Young King -LRB- 28 February 1155 -- 11 June 1183 -RRB- was the second of five sons of King Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine .
In March 2007 , additional images near Titan 's north pole discovered hydrocarbon '' seas '' , the largest of which is almost the size of the Caspian Sea .
This property was first realized by Evangelista Torricelli even before calculus had been invented .
Xenon is a chemical element represented by the symbol Xe . The element name is pronounced , or , .
If a white dwarf has a close companion star that overflows its Roche lobe , the white dwarf will steadily accrete gases from the star 's outer atmosphere .
The American Film Institute is an independent non-profit organization created by the National Endowment for the Arts , which was established in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act .
He is also an international speaker on consciousness .
'' Build God , Then We 'll Talk '' is the fifth and final official single from Panic !
The Los Angeles County Department of Health Services operates the Monrovia Health Center in Monrovia .
Belle Glade is a city in Palm Beach County , Florida on the southeastern shore of Lake Okeechobee .
Pardies is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Grottoes is an incorporated town in Augusta and Rockingham counties in the U.S. state of Virginia .
She was a Senator from the state of New York from 2001 to 2009 .
The first decade of Ferdinand and Isabella 's joint rule were taken up with the conquest of the Kingdom of Granada , the last Arab-Muslim state in the Iberian peninsula , which was completed by 1492 .
Hitchin is a town in Hertfordshire , England , with an estimated population of 30,360 .
Marques Haynes -LRB- born October 3 , 1926 -RRB- is an American former professional basketball player and member of the Harlem Globetrotters , notable for his remarkable ability to dribble the ball and keep it away from defenders .
Rebreuve-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Flora 's spectrum indicates that its surface composition is a mixture of silicate rock -LRB- including pyroxene and olivine -RRB- and nickel-iron metal .
The subjective is the call given to each person to become a saint , regardless of his place in society .
During the test at the Silverstone Circuit during September , GP2 Series drivers Lewis Hamilton , Nelson Piquet , Jr. , and Adrian Valles performed test duties for McLaren , Renault and Midland F1 , respectively .
At the hut , Grimes accuses the ever silent John of '' telling stories '' and then becomes lost in his memories of the dead apprentice , reliving the boy 's death of thirst .
Olsberg , Switzerland , a municipality in Rheinfelden district in Aargau , Switzerland
is a type of thick wheat-flour noodle popular in Japanese cuisine .
The government of the Netherlands uses a smaller version without the mantle -LRB- cloak -RRB- or the pavilion or sometimes even only uses the shield and crown .
Aydius is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Leslie Fiedler 's '' Come Back to the Raft Ag ' in , Huck Honey ''
Artigues-pr Ã s-Bordeaux is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Battle Creek is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan , in northwest Calhoun County , at the confluence of the Kalamazoo and Battle Creek Rivers .
Bastides began to appear in numbers under the terms of the Treaty of Paris -LRB-/O1229/O-RRB- , which permitted Raymond VII of Toulouse to build new towns in his shattered domains , though not to fortify them .
VendiÃ res is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Blood types are inherited and represent contributions from both parents .
Andreas Bernd Baader -LRB- 6 May 1943 â '' 18 October 1977 -RRB- was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof Gang . Andreas Baader was born in Munich on May 6 , 1943 .
While hundreds of the library buildings have been converted into museums , community centers , office buildings and residences , more than half of those in the United States still serve their communities as libraries over a century after their construction , many in middle - to low-income neighborhoods .
Fudbalski Klub Crvena Zvezda -LRB- , , known in English as Red Star Belgrade -RRB- is a football club from Belgrade , Serbia .
There are crop marks -LRB- dating from the 6th Century -RRB- that outline a large collection of buildings , which indicate , if not a royal palace , then certainly a high status Saxon enclosure , and the variety and number of objects found in Saxon burial sites around the village would appear to support this .
Interacting superstring theories are best thought of as configurations of an 11 dimensional supergravity theory called M-theory where one or more of the dimensions are curled up so that the line-extended charged black holes become long and light .
However , Arnold Bax 's last symphony , no. 7 , is also in the same key .
The city stands in Ébrié Lagoon on several converging peninsulas and islands , connected by bridges .
June 8 -- Edward the Confessor becomes King of England .
'' Beatitudes . ''
Six Tuscan localities have been designated World Heritage Sites : the historic center of Florence -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , the historical center of Siena -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , the square of the Cathedral of Pisa -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , the historical center of San Gimignano -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , the historical center of Pienza -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and the Val d'Orcia -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
In 1952 , he was given his own comic book series , Uncle Scrooge , which still runs today .
Although Austen 's novels had been published in the United States since 1832 , albeit in bowdlerised editions , it was not until after 1870 that there was a distinctive American response to Austen .
River embankments broke in 70 places , destroying 27 bridges , while about 105 dikes were destroyed .
It is the sovereign territory of the Holy See -LRB- Sancta Sedes -RRB- and the location of the Pope 's residence , referred to as the Apostolic Palace .
It was originally based on Slackware .
The title was finally retired on August 26 , 2002 when WWE Intercontinental Champion Rob Van Dam defeated Hardcore Champion Tommy Dreamer to unify the titles . This was exactly a month after Van Dam defeated Jeff Hardy in a ladder match to unify the WWE Intercontinental title and the European Championship .
The agreement was signed by Germany , France , Britain , and Italy .
In 1991 , 2001 : A Space Odyssey was deemed culturally significant by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry .
Verchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Located in Washington , D.C. , it sits atop Capitol Hill at the eastern end of the National Mall .
Other benefits The use of a username of your choice , provided that it is appropriate and not already used .
Kathenotheism : The viewpoint\/belief that there is more than one deity , but only one deity is worshipped at a time or ever , and another may be worthy of worship at another time or place .
Most posters are printed on one side and left blank on the back , the better for affixing to a wall or other surface .
The municipality comprises only the town of Merksplas proper .
He has been described as the Father of the Royal Air Force .
Second era During the second era -LRB- 7th -- 9th editions , 1827 -- 1901 -RRB- , the Britannica was managed by the Edinburgh publishing firm , A & C Black .
At the same time , he began to re-qualify as a fighter pilot .
In 2006 , Japan began the fourth generation of the franchise with the release of Pokémon Diamond and Pearl for Nintendo DS .
Cameron , along with his wife , founded The Firefly Foundation , which runs Camp Firefly , a summer camp that gives terminally ill children and their families a free week 's vacation .
The ability to play DVDs , VCDs , audio CDs , MP3s , slideshows and Internet radio .
There are 12 peaks over 2,500 m in Romania .
Claudio Úbeda -LRB- born September 17 , 1969 in Rosario , Argentina -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
The total area is 97.31 km which gives a population density of 57 inhabitants per km .
Those kept alive were mostly skilled at needed professions and trades -LRB- doctors , pharmacists , electricians , shoemakers , goldsmiths , and so on -RRB- and were employed in services and workshops at Jasenovac .
He sailed on the Erebus and was assistant to Robert McCormick , who in addition to being the ship 's Surgeon was instructed to collect zoological and geological specimens .
Adams lost his 1828 bid for re-election to Andrew Jackson .
Drought means when not enough rain falls for a long time .
Dr. Walther Funk -LRB- 18 August 1890 - 31 May 1960 -RRB- was a prominent Nazi official .
Its native range includes most of eastern North America and parts of western North America .
The family includes more than 1500 species .
Gipf-Oberfrick is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Other matches that were scheduled on the card included a Hell in a Cell match between Triple H and Chris Jericho which Triple H won by pinfall following a Pedigree on the top of the cell .
There is an ongoing dispute
Paris -- Roubaix is one of the oldest races of professional road cycling .
, Fenrisúlfr -LRB- Old Norse '' Fenris wolf '' Simek -LRB-/O2007:81/O-RRB- . -RRB-
U3/U6 Upgrade of Marienplatz station The increase in traffic and the new Allianz Arena also required a larger capacity of this central transfer station .
The game was directed by Fumito Ueda and developed at SCEI 's International Production Studio 1 , also known as Team Ico ; the same development team responsible for the cult hit Ico .
In one episode , Aang meets his previous incarnation , Avatar Roku , informing him that he must master all four bending arts and defeat Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer .
The baby of the family was named Maggie after Groening 's youngest sister .
In mathematics -LRB- more specifically geometry -RRB- , a semicircle is a two-dimensional geometric shape that forms half of a circle .
In computer engineering , out-of-order execution , OoOE , is a paradigm used in most high-performance microprocessors to make use of cycles that would otherwise be wasted by a certain type of costly delay .
He disliked the discipline of the conservatory course of study , yet he still achieved very good grades in most areas , an exception being the organ , which was mandatory for piano students .
The population density was 947.6 people per square mile -LRB- 365.0 / km ² -RRB- .
It has also reached number one in New Zealand , making it her second number one song from the album , following '' Umbrella '' .
The term eclipse is most often used to describe either a solar eclipse , when the Moon 's shadow crosses the Earth 's surface , or a lunar eclipse , when the Moon moves into the shadow of Earth .
In late 1989 and early 1990 Chinese rock partially emerged into mainstream music as a combination of the Northwest Wind and prison song fads .
Thierstein District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated to the north of the canton .
In humans , each sleep cycle lasts from 90 to 110 minutes on average , and each stage may have a distinct physiological function .
As the storm 's effects were expected to be minor , no evacuations were ordered .
If the Jews will be allowed to do as they will , like they are permitted in their Soviet heaven , then they will fulfill their most insane plans .
The county is part of the Danube-Kris-Mures-Tisa euroregion .
pg .
He first came to prominence with a series of radio news broadcasts during World War II , which were followed by millions of listeners in the United States and Canada .
The urban area extends beyond the limits of Bucharest proper and has a population of 2.1 million people .
Nuno Miguel Soares Pereira Ribeiro -LRB- born 5 July 1976 -RRB- , commonly known as Nuno Gomes , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sport Lisboa e Benfica in the Portuguese first division , as a striker .
When played back at a frame rate greater than 10 â '' 12 frames per second , a fairly convincing illusion of continuous motion is achieved .
Anything for Deletion - Use this tab to nominate a page for deletion in one of the following categories , if it may not meet requirements for inclusion on Wikipedia , but does not meet speedy deletion requirements .
Gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 and released on September 2 , 1955 , was the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey , who went on to create the classic series Gumby and Davey and Goliath using the same technique .
Q-Ball -- keyboard , synthesizer , turntables , backing vocals -LRB- 1995 -- present -RRB-
Set before , during , and immediately after the American Civil War , they are based on the 1980s trilogy of novels North and South by John Jakes .
Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
One of the most significant logicians of all time , Gödel made an immense impact upon scientific and philosophical thinking in the 20th century , a time when many , such as Bertrand Russell , A. N. Whitehead and David Hilbert , were pioneering the use of logic and set theory to understand the foundations of mathematics .
Suu Kyi continued her education at St Hugh 's College , Oxford , obtaining a B.A. degree in Philosophy , Politics , and Economics in 1969 .
Over the past two centuries , tropical cyclones have been responsible for the deaths of about 1.9 million people worldwide .
In today 's game , an effective halfback must have a superior blend of both quickness and agility as a runner , as well as sure hands and shrewd vision upfield as a receiver .
Rather , it was invoked for the first time in 2001 in response to the September 11 , 2001 attacks against the World Trade Center and The Pentagon in Operation Eagle Assist .
Founded and ruled by a noble Viking warrior class and their descendants , the first East Slavic state , Kievan Rus ' , arose in the 9th century and adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire in 988 , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium .
Austria borders both Germany and the Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia and Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west .
Tesla died of heart failure alone in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel , on 7 January 1943 .
It became a Free state in the era of Weimar Republic in 1918 after the end of World War I and the abdication of King Frederick Augustus III of Saxony .
Gricourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Member of the Order of Australia -LRB- AM -RRB- ; and
Stop Stansted Expansion -LRB- SSE -RRB- is an advocacy group established in 2002 as a working group of the North West Essex and East Herts Preservation Association , in response to the Government 's consultation on expanding UK airports and , particularly , expansion plans for Stansted Airport subsequently defined in the Air Transport White Paper in December 2003 .
Vicovu de Jos is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Revolver is the seventh album by English rock group The Beatles , released on 5 August 1966 .
ConsÃ gudes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Of several proposed shape models that agreed with the images , a '' snowman '' - like shape was found to best fit the observed precession rate of Hermione 's satellite .
ZdenÄ k Grygera -LRB- born 14 May 1980 -RRB- is a Czech football player who is currently playing for Italian club Juventus .
Static random access memory -LRB- SRAM -RRB- is a type of semiconductor memory where the word static indicates that , unlike dynamic RAM -LRB- DRAM -RRB- , it does not need to be periodically refreshed , as SRAM uses bistable latching circuitry to store each bit .
In humans , the Fallopian tubes are about 7 14 cm long .
See also : Category : A.S. Livorno Calcio players
When Muggle-born students are suddenly being petrified , many suspect that Harry may be behind the attacks , further alienating him from his peers .
Most of the other locks on the River Thames also have walkways across their lock gates and weirs , but these either do not completely cross the river , or are restricted to authorised personnel only , and are therefore not listed .
In 1839 , with the independence of Belgium , the original single province of Limburg was divided amongst the two countries , each now having a province called Limburg .
Mikhail Bulgakov was born to Russian parents on May 15 , 1891 in Kiev -LRB- now the capital of Ukraine -RRB- , in the Russian Empire .
Administratively , four villages are attached to the city : Blidari , Firiza , Valea Neagr and Valea Borcutului .
leftarm1 = FDE910 body1 = FDE910 rightarm1 = FDE910 shorts1 = FFFFFF socks1 = FFFFFF
On release , Halo 2 was the most popular video game on Xbox Live , holding that rank until the release of Gears of War for the Xbox 360 nearly two years later .
World War II has just begun and four children , Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy Pevensie , are evacuated from London in 1940 to escape the Blitz .
He wrote a textbook of the Theory of Heat -LRB- 1871 -RRB- , and an elementary treatise on Matter and Motion -LRB- 1876 -RRB- .
P. gilbertii
If a transverse wave is moving in the positive x-direction , its oscillations are in up and down directions that lie in the y -- z plane .
Creully is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Lorica segmenta , or the iron band armor , was in sporadic use in the early 1st century LORICA SEGMENTATA but commonly worn in the next two centuries .
It is also , uniquely , the chapel of Christ Church , the largest college of the University of Oxford .
After a talk at Catawba College in 2008 , the college newspaper referred to him as an '' environmental Paul Revere , '' as he warned his audience that '' unless civilization changes its ways , its end is truly near ... we 're in a race between natural tipping points and political tipping points , - ` what we need most of all is for the market to tell the environmental truth . ' ''
Fort McMurray and Waterways amalgamated as the village of McMurray -LRB- the '' Fort '' was dropped until 1962 , when it was restored to reflect its heritage -RRB- by 1947 , and became a town a year later . Fort McMurray was granted the status of new town so it could get more provincial funding .
The song provided the quartet with their first US chart-topper in July 1999 , and also reached the UK Top 10 .
Maringá is the third largest city in the state of Paraná .
Bush narrowly won the November 7 election , with 271 electoral votes to Gore 's 266 -LRB- with one elector abstaining in the official tally -RRB- .
Borgomastro o Sindaco-Borgomastro -LRB- Italian -RRB- : in few communes of Lombardy
The Axel is a figure skating jump with a forward take-off . It is named after the Norwegian skater Axel Paulsen , who first performed the jump in 1882 .
Tobacco , Nicotiana tabacum
In addition '' County Tipperary '' is actually two administrative counties , called North Tipperary and South Tipperary while the major urban centres Cork , Galway , Limerick , and Waterford have been separated from the town and rural areas of their counties .
After the War the house remained empty .
It crossed through the Windward Islands on September 25 as a 95 mph -LRB- 145 km\/h -RRB- hurricane , but upper level winds weakened it to a minimal hurricane prior to its Dominican Republic landfall on September 27 .
The city was named after Manuel L. Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded the city and developed it to replace Manila as the country 's capital .
Geography The Urals extend 2,498 km from the Kazakh steppes along the northern border of Kazakhstan to the coast of the Arctic ocean .
He has written articles regularly for an online magazine since May 2009 .
E2 users called noders create entries called nodes and add information in multiple writeups .
Sailly-Labourse is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Unlike previous display protocols , X was specifically designed to be used over network connections rather than on an integral or attached display device .
Australia uses Standard time , i.e. the same well defined time for a region .
He was hired as a musician in 1676 to the royal court of Versailles .
Three members of IOYOU were told they would not be part of the new group , and auditions were held in Dublin where Byrne and McFadden were recruited .
In 2006 , Murakami became the sixth recipient of the Franz Kafka Prize from the Czech Republic for his novel Umibe no Kafuka -LRB- Kafka on the Shore -RRB- .
Political conflict between the Igbo , Yoruba , Hausa and Fulani people erupted into two deadly military coups .
WeizsÃ cker has served on many international commissions .
The seven-minute-long film , also featuring Buck Henry and Teri Garr , was written by and starred Martin .
Ulong would win no immunity challenges and few reward challenges .
Traffic cones , also called traffic pylons , road cones , highway cones , safety cones , construction cones or -LRB- colloquially -RRB- witches ' hats , are usually cone-shaped markers that are placed on roads or footpaths to temporarily redirect traffic in a safe manner .
When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell -LRB- the '' mother cell '' -RRB- grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
Italics indicate fastest lap -LRB- 1 point awarded -RRB-
Cydia was originally released as an open-source alternative to Installer .
In terms of wind , Paloma is the second strongest November hurricane , behind Lenny -LRB- pending re-analysis on the 1932 storm -RRB- .
Space Ghost Coast to Coast is a talk show with characters the Space Ghost action adventure show from the 1960 's .
The new management compared the roster of Ford makes with that of General Motors , and concluded that Lincoln was competing not with Cadillac , but with Oldsmobile .
When the war ended , the military bases closed and the flow of goods and materials ceased .
Other professional teams include the St. Louis Blues -LRB- hockey -RRB- and St. Louis Rams -LRB- football -RRB- . Successful sports franchises have led to St. Louis being called '' North America 's Best Sports City . ''
Duck is the common name for a number of species in the Anatidae family of birds .
Lohengrin is a romantic opera in three acts composed and written by Richard Wagner , first performed in 1850 .
Lison is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
On 1 April 1974 , the Local Government Act 1972 came into force .
Keselowski re-signed with JR in 2008 , and got his first win came June 7 , 2008 at Nashville Superspeedway , overcoming Clint Bowyer after the final caution in the closing laps of the race .
Nemertea is a phylum of invertebrate animals also known as ribbon worms or proboscis worms .
During his tenure , the orchestra gave the first performance of the Symphony No. 1 of Sir Edward Elgar .
Just over two years after work began , the completed secretariat was ready to house hundreds of staff members in approximately of space , furnished with marble , paintings , sculptures , and other gifts from PAHO member nations .
Each European football nation is represented by a different number of its associate clubs , depending on the UEFA coefficients .
Most grappling hooks are thrown by hand , but some used in rescue work are propelled by compressed air or a rocket .
Ground fighting -LRB- also ground work or ground game -RRB- is hand-to-hand combat which takes place while the combatants are on the ground , generally involving grappling .
The prime ministers of the United Kingdom and the Dominions opposed the marriage , arguing that the people would never accept her as queen .
Trochinbrod - -LRB- Zofiowka -RRB- -LRB- translated from Hebrew by Karen Engel -RRB-
Oberlunkhofen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten , in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Kalahari has a number of game reserves -- the Tswalu Kalahari Reserve - www.tswalu.com , owned by the Oppenheimer family , is the largest private game reserve in South Africa , the Central Kalahari Game Reserve -LRB- the world 's second largest protected area -RRB- , Khutse Game Reserve and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park .
William John Evans , known as Bill Evans -LRB- August 16 , 1929 & ndash ; September 15 , 1980 -RRB- was an American jazz pianist .
Family Lythraceae -LRB- loosestrife and pomegranate family -RRB-
The first 500 copies of the CD were individually signed by all 6 members of the band .
In 1827 , George IV augmented the Order to sixteen members .
With the others -LRB- including the obviously-vulnerable Stephenie -RRB- bailed out for various food items , Tom was the last man standing and won Immunity .
Caïman de Douala are a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- club based in Douala , Cameroon .
Soignies is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The earliest references to Minsk date to the 11th century -LRB- 1067 -RRB- , when it was a provincial city within the principality of Polotsk .
His first published text was '' Something called need , '' a short story in the magazine Radio et Télévision -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .
To hunt fish , easily their most important live prey , the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons .
1855 & ndash ; Origins of the American Civil War : Bleeding Kansas & ndash ; '' Border Ruffians '' from Missouri invade Kansas and force election of a pro-slavery legislature .
Mixed oxide , or MOX fuel , is a blend of plutonium and natural or depleted uranium which behaves similarly -LRB- though not identically -RRB- to the enriched uranium feed for which most nuclear reactors were designed .
Cronus threw his severed genitals into the sea , and from the aphros -LRB- sea foam -RRB- arose Aphrodite .
Saskatchewan is a prairie province in Canada , which has an area of 588276 k. Saskatchewan is bounded on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , and on the south by the states of Montana and North Dakota .
Slang terms for ejaculation are blowing a load or blowing a wad , busting a nut , creaming , cumming and jizzing .
Moara is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Clifton Beach or Seaview is a beach in Karachi , Pakistan located on the Arabian Sea . It is one of the neighborhoods of Clifton , Saddar Town .
A traditional superstition that is prevalent among many of today 's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Campbell -LRB- Western Conference champion -RRB- or Prince of Wales -LRB- Eastern Conference champion -RRB- Trophies after they have won the conference playoffs ; the players feel that the Stanley Cup is the true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that they should be hoisting .
Kevin Patrick Smith -LRB- born August 2 , 1970 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , film producer , and director , as well as a popular comic book writer , author , comedian , podcaster , and actor , best recognized by viewers as Silent Bob .
influences =
White and red were officially adopted as national colors in 1831 .
Osaka is a city in the Kansai region of Japan 's main island of HonshÅ '' , a designated city under the Local Autonomy Law , the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and also the biggest part of Keihanshin Area , which is represented by three major cities of Japan , Kyoto , Osaka and Kobe .
Nouans is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Murray acquired further land in the area and renamed his property Winderradeen where he built a 12 room house on the land in 1837 .
The W and Z bosons decay to fermionâ '' antifermion pairs but neither the W nor the Z bosons can decay into the higher-mass top quark .
Tuck Everlasting is a 2002 film based on the children 's book of the same title by Natalie Babbitt published in 1975 .
provinciae -RRB- was the basic , and until the Tetrarchy -LRB- circa 296 -RRB- , largest territorial and administrative unit of the empire 's territorial possessions outside of Italy .
Brighton may also refer to :
In December 1918 , she was the first woman elected to the British House of Commons , though she did not take her seat and along with the other Sinn Féin TDs formed the first Dáil Éireann .
1942 & ndash ; World War II : The Battle of Midway begins .
Audruicq -LRB- in Dutch : Ouderwijk -RRB- is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
New articles are constantly being added , whereas older articles are sometimes split , absorbed into other articles or drastically shortened , even deleted .
Long , light strings can vibrate at different resonant frequencies , each such frequency describing a different elementary particle .
The film consists of a tour with SOAD interspersed with cut scenes of genocides .
The steel crossbow is first used as a weapon of war .
Frévin-Capelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Frumoasa -LRB- , Hungarian pronunciation : -RRB- is a commune in Harghita County , Romania .
The word '' globe '' comes from the Latin word globus , meaning round mass or sphere .
This escape made a deep impression on his mind , and he regarded himself as providentially set apart , as a '' brand plucked from the burning '' quoting Zechariah 3:2 .
Sahelanthropus tchadensis is a fossil hominid that lived approximately 7 million years ago .
The Prince Andrew , Duke of York , -LRB- Andrew Albert Christian Edward ; born 19 February 1960 -RRB- , is the second son and third child of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh .
Remscheid -LRB- -RRB- is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Many hospitals also have designated intensive care areas for certain specialities of medicine , as dictated by the needs and available resources of each hospital .
The gradual end of the Dark Age that ensued saw the rise of settled Neo-Hittite Aramaean kingdoms of the mid-10th century BCE , and the rise of the Neo-Assyrian Empire .
It is the sperm in the semen that is the fertile component , and therefore semen quality involves both sperm quantity and sperm quality .
The Green Eye is available in other models as well .
In 1978 , to celebrate the centennial , the Board of Directors established the 5th school ; an Anglo-Chinese School named Pui Ying College , with Mr Wong Wai Wah as the Principal .
Socorro is a city in El Paso County , Texas , United States .
Other leading baritones who have sung the role of Billy Budd include Sir Thomas Allen , Simon Keenlyside , Richard Stilwell , Nathan Gunn , Rod Gilfry , Bo Skovhus , Thomas Hampson , and Teddy Tahu Rhodes .
On December 18 , 2008 , it was announced HBO picked up the dark comedy .
Tibor Sekelj -LRB- in Hungarian : SzÃ kely Tibor -RRB- -LRB- 14 February 1912 â '' 23 September 1988 -RRB- was an explorer , esperantist , writer and lawyer of Jewish descent .
History The county was formed in 1861 from the southeastern part of Cherokee County .
Radio Jan Mayen also served as an important radio station for ship traffic in the Arctic Ocean .
It is also spoken in parts of Arunachal Pradesh and other northeast Indian states .
McGraw first gained celebrity status with appearances on The Oprah Winfrey Show in the late 1990s .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
The name has many variants , which include Stephan , Stevan , Stefan , and Stevon .
In celestial mechanics , an apsis , plural apsides -LRB- -RRB- is the point of greatest or least distance of the elliptical orbit of an object from its center of attraction , which is generally the center of mass of the system .
Gadsden is closely-associated with the neighboring town of Attalla , Alabama .
Synthetic is usually used in the sense of synthesis , the combination of two or more parts , whether by design or by natural processes .
The Clyde Wind Farm is a proposed 548 megawatt -LRB- MW -RRB- wind farm near Abington in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
He began recording Beatles-inspired music in the late 1970s on a $ 59 Sanyo monaural Boombox , singing and playing piano and chord organ .
For chemical compounds containing bromine .
It places particular emphasis on the indigenous Celtic languages .
Black Stone Cherry is a southern rock band formed on June 4 , 2001 in Edmonton , Kentucky , USA .
Entertainment Weekly B +
Dalhem is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
In Russian literature and informal documents the '' Saint '' -LRB- Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ - -RRB- is usually omitted , leaving Petersburg -LRB- Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ð , Peterburg -RRB- .
Summits are not regular or scheduled but held as needed .
Thus these laws are sometimes used to give exclusive rights to the creators of such '' intellectual property '' in order to encourage resources to be appropriately allocated to these activities .
In early 1506 , he returned to Venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507 .
Hortense turned northward , and crossed southwestern Puerto Rico near GuÃ nica on September 10 . Hortense then grazed the eastern coast of the Dominican Republic and headed north .
The history of the Armenian duduk music is dated to the reign of the Armenian king Tigran the Great , who reigned from 95 â '' 55 B.C. .
Wettin Castle is located in Wettin in the Hosgau on the Saale River .
Fig Pudding is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher , first published in 1995 .
The first signs of a circulation on satellite imagery appeared on June 26 , centered about 250 m south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec .
Trams run from Starr Gate in the south to Fleetwood in the north .
Spiny lobsters are also , especially in Australia and New Zealand , sometimes called crayfish , sea crayfish or crawfish , terms which elsewhere are reserved for freshwater crayfish .
He began playing for Bayern 's youth sides in 1958 .
Metroid Prime Hunters -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- : When the Federation receives an unusual telepathic message , Samus is sent to the remote Alimbic Cluster in the Tetra Galaxy to uncover the rumored '' Ultimate Power '' .
Les Moutiers-en-Auge is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Lars Martin Jørgensen -LRB- born October 6 , 1975 -RRB- is a Danish professional football player , who currently plays for Danish club AGF Aarhus .
'' Drowning -LRB- Face Down -RRB- '' became their third single and received airplay across the country .
Descendants may or may not exist for extinct species . Daughter species that evolve from a parent species carry on most of the parent species ' genetic information , and even though the parent species may become extinct , the daughter species lives on .
The storm strengthened and became Tropical Storm Blanca 12 hours later .
On April Fools ' Day 2008 and the following weeks , numerous seemingly uncoordinated instances of rickrolling appeared on the Internet , and news media .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
History King Louis XIV gave a patent to Jean-Baptiste Lully to establish the Académie Royale de Musique in 1672 , the great institution of French theatrical art comprising opera , ballet , and music .
The American Staffordshire terrier is a medium-sized , short-coated dog breed whose early ancestors came from England . In the early part of the twentieth century , the breed gained social stature and was accepted by the American Kennel Club as the American Staffordshire Terrier .
A faded memorial plate , tucked away behind the island 's parish church , vaguely mentions 45 Soviet citizens who died on Alderney in 1940-45 , without saying how they died and why .
Hardware requirements call for 24 MB of RAM , 12 MB of disk space , and a PowerPC processor .
It began on 16 March and ended on 2 November with eighteen Grand Prix races .
Geography Location The Philippine Sea is bordered by the Philippines and Taiwan to the west , Japan to the north , the Marianas to the east and Palau to the south .
The Second Epistle to the Corinthians is a book in the New Testament , written by Paul the Apostle .
Across the eastern half of the northern Pacific , they require a mid-tropospheric cyclone to cut off from the main belt of the westerlies and only a weak surface circulation .
Karl Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and formerly played guitar for The Poodles .
He introduced strict disciplinary measures , and ordered the execution of several karÅ -LRB- advisors -RRB- who opposed his plans .
After five seasons , it transferred to the United Paramount Network -LRB- UPN -RRB- for its final two seasons .
The ecozones are based largely on the biogeographic realms of Pielou -LRB-/O1979/O-RRB- and Udvardy -LRB-/O1975/O-RRB- .
He graduated from George School , a Quaker boarding school in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , in 1956 .
Accordingly , the name was changed from the Norwegian Nobel Committee to the Nobel Committee of the Norwegian Parliament in 1901 , but changed back in 1977 .
In 1803 , Salzburg was secularised as the Electorate of Salzburg for the former Grand Duke Ferdinand III of Tuscany -LRB- brother of Emperor Francis II -RRB- , who had lost his throne .
The areas to show ` white ' are cut away with a knife or chisel , leaving the characters or image to show in ` black ' at the original surface level .
The state of San Luis PotosÃ reports a population of a little more than 2,400,000 inhabitants , according to the latest census which took place in the year 2005 .
Seraucourt-le-Grand is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is forbidden for Somalis to fly the flag at half mast because it has the Shahada -LRB- which says in Arabic There is no other God except Allah , Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah -RRB- written on it so it will be an un-Islamic and disrespectful way to treat the flag .
There is not much now at Breadalbane aside from a few houses .
In the Ravenna Document of 13 October 2007 , the representatives of the Eastern Orthodox Church agreed that '' Rome , as the Church that ` presides in love ' according to the phrase of St. Ignatius of Antioch -LRB- To the Romans , Prologue -RRB- , occupied the first place in the taxis , and that the bishop of Rome was therefore the protos among the patriarchs , if the Papacy unites with the Orthodox Church .
On Cape Cod , Massachusetts , an HU-25 Falcon jet flew along the coastline , broadcasting storm advisories to offshore vessels .
ACCIONA Inaugurates Solar Garden with 9.55 MWp Capacity The installation covers an area of 51 hectares on agricultural land near the locality of Milagro -LRB- Navarre -RRB- and contains 889 solar structures , of which 864 are equipped with automated solar tracking .
Taylor , S. A. , and G. L. Ashcroft .
-RCB- -RRB-
Something that might be regarded as a type of tongue-twister is a shibboleth , that is , a phrase in a language that is difficult for someone who is not a native speaker of that language to say .
The three creators -- James Burrows , Glen Charles , and Les Charles -- stayed on throughout the series as executive producers along with Tom Palmer .
North Carolina Highway 12 passes through the community linking it to Frisco and Ocracoke -LRB- via a ferry in Hatteras -RRB- .
This is also the case if you find an article overwhelmed with correctly referenced , but exclusively negative , information .
The leopard consumes virtually any animal it can hunt down and catch .
Alexandra Dahlström , a Swedish actress
The United Nations has designated 2011 the International Year of Forests and the International Year of Chemistry .
The film was released in February 2008 and stars William Hope -LRB- Aliens , ' , Sherlock Holmes -RRB- , Leon Herbert -LRB- Alien 3 -RRB- , Philip Bretherton , Ronald Pickup -LRB- ' -RRB- , and newcomer Skye Bennett as '' Sarah '' .
The series centers on the fictional town of Odyssey , and in particular , an ice-cream emporium named ` Whit 's End , ' and its proprietor , John Avery Whittaker .
Baker was born in Scotland Road , Liverpool , the son of Mary Jane -LRB- née Fleming -RRB- , a cleaner , and John Stewart Baker , a sailor who was rarely at
Cloth has been used to cover billiards tables since the 15th century .
As a professional soldier he has had little experience with women , but his tales of heroics manage to entice Desdemona to become his wife .
it reacts with strong acids , releasing carbon dioxide :
Homo erectus -LRB- from the Latin r g re , '' to put up , set upright '' -RRB- is an extinct species of hominid that originated in Africa -- and spread as far as China and Java -- from the end of the Pliocene epoch to the later Pleistocene , about 1.8 to 1.3 million years ago .
He was perhaps best known for his excavation of the unique Neolithic site of Skara Brae in Orkney .
Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country is the sixth feature film in the Star Trek science fiction franchise and is the last of the Star Trek films to include the entire main cast of the 1960s .
1983 & ndash ; Mona Mahmudnizhad together with nine other Bahá ' í women , is sentenced to death and hanged in Shiraz , Iran because of her Bahá ' í Faith .
He is a pioneer in exploring the formal possibilities of reinforced concrete solely for their aesthetic impact .
Additionally , different sales levels may exist for different music media , such as albums , singles , or videos .
They feed on tiny crustaceans and other zooplankton , from places such as crevices in reef , which are sucked into the end of their long tube-like snout .
SOS was developed from the general German radio call '' SOE '' , with the 3 dits of a '' S '' easier to hear in under noisy conditions than the one dit of an '' E '' .
The programme is based on investigating purported paranormal activity .
Though his religious position was not at all Protestant , the resultant schism ultimately led to England distancing itself almost entirely from Rome .
A few hours later , after weakening slightly , Katrina made its third landfall near the Louisiana Mississippi border with 120 mph -LRB- 195 km/h -RRB- sustained winds and 928 mbar -LRB- 27.37 inHg -RRB- pressure , still at Category 3 intensity .
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 510 BC-476 BCPonsonby-Fane , Richard .
Shaun Anthony Woodward -LRB- born 26 October 1958 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for St Helens South since 2001 .
Bracey 's total recorded output is only 16 songs , and original copies of his 78-rpm records are among the most valued items sought by blues collectors .
The current manager is Roy Keane Name Nat From To Record P !
In meteorology , an anticyclone -LRB- that is , opposite to a cyclone -RRB- is a weather phenomenon in which there is a descending movement of the air , and with surface systems , higher than average atmospheric pressure over the part of the planet 's surface .
Beveridge and his supporters succeeded and Marianna became the county seat of the county justice and civil authority , even though it was never officially proclaimed the county seat .
Once Minamoto Yoritomo had consolidated his power , he established a new government at his family home in Kamakura .
La Bouillie -LRB- , Gallo : LabÃ lhi -RRB- is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Both have legislative , judicial , and public power within their boundaries , but cities can choose between a mayor-council , council-manager , or strong mayor form of government , while towns operate through an elected officer system .
Review of Religious Research Vol .
Specifically , is the angle between the orbit 's periapsis -LRB- the point of closest approach to the central point -RRB- and the orbit 's ascending node -LRB- the point where the body crosses the plane of reference from South to North -RRB- .
After Miller 's death in 2007 , scientists examining sealed vials preserved from the original experiments were able to show that there were actually well over 20 different amino acids produced in Miller 's original experiments .
In Greek mythology , Nyx -LRB- , Nox in Roman translation -RRB- was the primordial goddess of the night .
He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army .
Prime and double prime are not present in most character sets , including ASCII and Latin-1 , but are present in Unicode , as characters and .
The group consists of Nadine Coyle , Cheryl Cole , Sarah Harding , Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh .
In 1993 , Messing won praise for her acting in the pre-Broadway workshop production of Tony Kushner 's play Angels in America : Perestroika .
On October 23 , 1925 , he legally changed his surname to ` von dem Bach-Zalewski ` .
A residency may follow the internship year or include the internship year as the first year of residency .
See also Cycling records References Memories of the peloton by Bernard Hinault , Vitesse Press , © 1989 .
Biography Early life Hart was born May 15 1767 at Trois-Rivières , Quebec to Aaron Hart and Dorothea Judah .
Basil , like other aromatic plants such as fennel and tarragon , contains estragole , a known carcinogen and teratogen in rats and mice .
Use Gauchos use boleadoras to capture running cattle or game .
Piper also served as mayor of his home town , Sitio de Calahonda , near MÃ laga , in the latter half of the 1980s .
In January 2008 , Powell 's announced plans to expand the downtown City of Books by adding as many as two floors to the store 's southeast corner .
Although Prime Minister Chang resisted the coup efforts , President Yun sided with the junta and persuaded the United States Eighth Army and the commanders of various South Korean army units not to interfere with the new rulers .
It was created in 1858 .
July 22 & ndash ; Alessandro de ' Medici , Duke of Florence -LRB- d. 1537 -RRB-
Released in 2002 , the single reached number 4 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , becoming Jay-Z 's second top ten single and Beyoncé 's first top ten single as a solo artist .
In 2002 -LRB- last national census -RRB- , there were 63,879 people living in the ElÃ as PiÃ a province , and the urban population was just 23,203 -LRB- 36.32 % -RRB- .
The team 's colors are yellow and blue and gialloblu -LRB- literally , '' yellow-blue '' in Italian -RRB- is the team 's most widely used nickname .
Pakistan 's government has repeatedly claimed that India is violating the Simla Agreement by constructing a fence along the Line of Control in the Kashmir Conflict .
It is famous for the large lake situated there which is a popular tourist attraction .
This is a situation in which the involved parties occasionally meet for casual sex multiple times , always without a long-term commitment .
The Man Who Knew Too Much is a 1934 suspense film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , featuring Peter Lorre , and released by Gaumont British .
Henry & June was the first film to receive the MPAA 's rating of NC-17 , which had been devised as a replacement for the X rating .
On the run from the Master , she spends a year travelling the world in a plan which restores the incapacitated Doctor and reverses time , undoing the Master 's actions .
The race was red flagged to facilitate cleanup of the track , and when the race resumed , it was Earnhardt and DEI drivers Earnhardt Jr. and Michael Waltrip who were running up front . As the laps wound down , Waltrip was leading Earnhardt Jr. and Earnhardt .
Terms such as '' movie '' for '' moving picture '' are oft-heard terms in English .
In 1882 , a meteorological station was constructed on the summit , though it is no longer in use .
It was Butterworth who suggested to Vaughan Williams that he turn a symphonic poem he was working on into his London Symphony .
was a after Bun ' and before Bun ` ei .
In 1801 Quintana produced a tragedy , El Duque de Viseo , founded on M. G. Lewis 's Castle Spectre ; his Pelayo -LRB-/O1805/O-RRB- , written on a patriotic theme , was more successful .
Today , the typical BSD license is the 3-clause version , which is revised from the original 4-clause version .
The Angles were one of the main groups that settled in Britain in the post-Roman period , founding several of the kingdoms of Anglo-Saxon England , and their name is the root of the name '' England '' .
By this time , the storm was over 18 C waters , likely inhibiting convective development .
Referred to as '' le Concombre de Chicoutimi '' -LRB- the '' Chicoutimi Cucumber '' -RRB- for his cool demeanor on the ice , he was also known as '' l'Habitant silencieux '' -LRB- the '' silent Habitant '' , Habitant being a nickname for the Canadiens -RRB- , a reference to his reserved personality .
'' Special Cases '' is a song on English trip-hop collective Massive Attack 's fourth full-length album , 100th Window .
Several character designs were submitted by its AM8 research and development department , including an armadillo -LRB- which then developed into Mighty the Armadillo -RRB- , a dog , a Theodore Roosevelt look-alike in pajamas -LRB- which would later be the basis of Dr. Robotnik\/Eggman 's design -RRB- , and a rabbit -LRB- intended to use its extendible ears to collect objects ; these aspects were later incorporated into Ristar -RRB- .
The British Transport Commission -LRB- BTC -RRB- was created by Clement Attlee 's post-war Labor government as a part of its nationalisation program , to oversee railways , canals and road freight transport in Great Britain -LRB- Northern Ireland had the separate Ulster Transport Authority -RRB- .
Adult Microdon flies do not behave like other syrphid flies : they do not hover around flowers but instead remain very near the ant colonies which serve as larval hosts .
Rogers State University & ndash ; Claremore , Oklahoma
Jacobabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision -LRB- taluka -RRB- of Jacobabad District , Sindh , PakistanTaluka Municipal Administration Jacobabad .
Lynn Haven is a city in Bay County , Florida , United States , north of Panama City .
He has won five Olympic gold medals , the most won by any Australian , and with three gold and two silver medals , was the most successful athlete at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Tales from Earthsea is a collection of short stories by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in 2001 .
Historically , barium bromide was used to purify radium in a process of fractional crystallization devised by Marie Curie .
For example , the character with dots 2-3-5 -LRB- the letter '' f '' lowered in the Braille cell -RRB- stands for '' ff '' when used in the middle of a word .
It is situated at the confluence of the River Ise river and River Aller , near the cities of Hanover , Celle , and Wolfsburg .
Avon -LRB- -RRB- was , from 1974 to 1996 , a non-metropolitan and ceremonial county in the west of England .
Characteristics of the Schwabacher are : The small letter o is rounded on both sides , though at the top and at the bottom , the two strokes join in an angle .
Reproduction and mortality Mating can occur in late winter during February and March and in summer between June and July .
Waste was born blind in 1534 , with her twin brother Roger , to a Derby barber , William Waste and his wife , Joan .
As the king felt that her presence might put Napoleon in a '' more relaxed mood '' ; Louise reluctantly agreed to meet the emperor at Tilsit , but only to save '' her Prussia . ''
Aftermath Batista and Triple H 's feud would continue to Backlash where Batista and Triple H had a rematch for the World Heavyweight Title .
They then auditioned to be on the show and they landed the roles of twins Janice -LRB- Milly -RRB- and Jessica -LRB- Becky -RRB- .
Bathgate
George Richards Minot -LRB- December 2 , 1885 â '' February 12 , 1950 -RRB- was an American medical researcher who shared the 1934 Nobel Prize with George Hoyt Whipple and William P. Murphy for their pioneering work on pernicious anemia .
This area was home to Mary Anning , a palaeontologist who studied the fossils of the coastline around Lyme Regis and discovered the first complete Ichthyosaur fossil .
Malikpura Urban is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
On November 13 , Shih Liang-ts ` ai , its owner and editor-in-chief , was mysteriously assassinated on the Shanghai-Hangchow Highway '' ; responsibility for his murder has been laid at the feet of the Bureau of Investigation and Statistics , Chiang Kai-shek 's much-feared secret police .
Roquefort-les-Cascades is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France .
REO Speedwagon is an American rock from the Midwestern United States .
Blackpool was the only town in the UK that retained its trams , and between 1962 and 1992 Blackpool had the only urban tramway in the UK .
Brig is located close to the Swiss-Italian borders .
As a result of this , Bubba became a face once again and began competing under his real name -- Ray Traylor and was briefly managed by old nemesis Ted Dibiase , who also recently left the nWo .
Brett Lorenzo Favre -LRB- ; born October 10 , 1969 -RRB- is an American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings .
This definition excluded Pluto as a planet and added it as a member of the new category '' dwarf planet '' along with Eris and Ceres .
Anton left MADtv in 1998 , at the end of the third season .
Cameron and his wife , fellow '' Growing Pains '' star Chelsea Noble , were married on July 21 , 1991 .
See also : List of State Codes
Stiff : the Curious Lives of Human Cadavers .
Center of Balance -LRB- Tsunami , 1992 -RRB-
The Mallanaga Vatsyayana 's Kama Sutra has 1250 verses , distributed in 36 chapters , which are further organized into 7 parts .
James began her professional wrestling career in 1999 as a valet on the independent circuit , where she was known under the name Alexis Laree .
The new Meiji government ordered the destruction of all former feudal fortifications , and in compliance with this directive , all structures of Odawara Castle were pulled down from 1870 -- 1872 , with the stone base of the former donjon becoming the foundation for a Shinto shrine , the kubo Jinja , dedicated to the spirits of the generations of kubo daimy .
The team was to be powered by V10 Ilmor engines in a chassis dubbed the C12 , a continuation of Sauber 's naming policy from sports car construction -LRB- the ` C ' was a reference to Peter Sauber 's wife Christine -RRB- .
Naval mines can be used offensively , to hamper enemy ships or lock them into a harbor ; or defensively , to protect friendly ships and create '' safe '' zones .
Some of Quaid 's more recent film credits include Frequency -LRB-/O2000/O-RRB- , Far From Heaven -LRB-/O2002/O-RRB- , The Flight of the Phoenix -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , In Good Company -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , The Day After Tomorrow -LRB-/O2004/O-RRB- , Yours , Mine and Ours -LRB-/O2005/O-RRB- , Vantage Point -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- , ' -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- , and Pandorum -LRB-/O2009/O-RRB- .
Les Landes-Genusson is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Resident of suburbs including Bellbowrie , Karana Downs , Moggill and Pullenvale were running low on food and other items when Moggill Road was cut , until the Australian Army was able to reach the area on 15 January with supplies .
Sons and daughters of Saint Lucia ,
Martin Vilallonga -LRB- born 7 October 1970 -RRB- is a former Argentine footballer .
On October 7 against the Tennessee Titans , Gandy suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee , causing him to miss the remainder of the season .
The M ori name for the bay is Te Moana-a-Toi -LRB- '' the sea of Toi '' -RRB- , a reference to the ancestral explorer Toi-te-huatahi .
-- -RRB-
It was built by Tarmac Construction and opened by the Prime Minister Harold Macmillan on 5 December 1958 .
While running , one man is hit by a boulder and killed .
Gammer -LRB- real name Matt Lee -RRB- is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
Matchbox Twenty -LRB- originally spelled officially as Matchbox 20 aka MB20 -RRB- is an American rock band , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1995 .
Acute kidney injuries can be present on top of chronic kidney disease , a condition called acute-on-chronic renal failure -LRB- AoCRF -RRB- .
Parliamentary career Pickles has been Member of Parliament for Brentwood and Ongar since 1992 .
He uses the term in the context of societies at war , and the form of his reference suggests that he is applying a general principleThe principle of natural selection applied to groups of individual is known as Group selection .
Roman poet Ovid is banished from Rome and exiled to the Black Sea near Tomis -LRB- present-day Constan a -RRB- .
Axel Cédric Konan -LRB- born 25 January 1983 in Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire -RRB- is an Ivorian footballer who is currently a free agent .
He was runner-up in the second UK series of TV talent show The X Factor in 2005 , and also represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 .
United Kingdom In the United Kingdom , '' unitary authorities '' are English or Welsh local authorities set up by the Local Government Act 1992 which form a single tier of local government , and are responsible for almost all local government functions within their areas .
The non-toxic putty would bounce when dropped , could stretch farther than regular rubber , would not collect mold , and had a very high melting temperature .
It features an alternate reality theme , where a second nuclear disaster occurs at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in the near future and causes strange changes in the area around it .
The venue of the Turkish Grand Prix is located in Pendik on the Asian side of Istanbul , close to the junction of KurtkÃ y on the north side of the TEM motorway , linking Istanbul to Ankara .
Dafydd ab Hugh , a U.S. science fiction author
Scientists discovered the bacterium in a 43-year-old American woman who had traveled to Peru for three weeks .
The airline 's main hub is Auckland Airport , located near Mangere in the southern part of the Auckland urban area . Air New Zealand is headquartered in a building called '' The Hub '' , located 20 k away from Auckland Airport , in the Western Reclamation , central Auckland City .
Cal State Northridge is home to the National Center on Deafness , and each year the university hosts the International Conference on Technology and Persons with Disabilities .
His own wife Cornelia also died that year .
Lagnieu
A limited part of the network -LRB- 1.7 km -RRB- has been used as an underground ossuary , known as the catacombs of Paris .
On February 15 , 2008 , at the Florida State Fair in Tampa , Florida , Hager and Ted DiBiase , Jr. were the final two men remaining in a 23-man battle royal to determine the two contenders for the inaugural FCW Florida Heavyweight Champion .
The kaffir lime is a rough , bumpy green fruit that grows on very thorny bush with aromatic and distinctively shaped '' double '' leaves .
k is the force constant -LRB- or spring constant -RRB- -LRB- in SI units : '' N m-1 '' or '' kgs-2 '' -RRB- .
Undated In the United States , the first state law permitting women to own property is passed in Jackson , Mississippi .
Duke 's levels were often used as the battlegrounds for these encounters and users were even able to create their own levels -LRB- or maps -RRB- via the in-game Build engine .
The direct precursor to the United States Air Force , its peak size was over 2.4 million men and women in service and nearly 80,000 aircraft in 1944 , and 783 domestic bases in December 1943 .
The municipality of Santa Maria lies 32 kilometers northeast of Manila and is located at the eastern portion of Bulacan .
The Mekong River forms a large part of the western boundary with Thailand , whereas the mountains of the Annamite Chain form most of the eastern border with Vietnam .
Hiroki Iikura -LRB- , born June 1 , 1986 in Aomori , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos .
It was agreed that the two leagues ' champion teams would play in an AFL -- NFL World Championship Game until the merger was consummated in 1970 .
Zygotes are usually produced by a fertilization event between two haploid cells -- an ovum from a female and a sperm cell from a male -- which combine to form the single diploid cell .
This theorem is named for Thomas Bayes -LRB- pronounced or '' bays '' -RRB- and often called Bayes ' law or Bayes ' rule .
Evansdale is a suburb of Waterloo .
Shaukat Aziz , -LRB- born March 6 , 1949 in Karachi , Pakistan -RRB- was the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2004 to 2007 .
Despite this auspicious start the wall was abandoned after only twenty years , and the garrisons relocated back to Hadrian 's Wall .
Entertainment .
In almost all of its forms , the banjo 's playing is characterized by a fast arpeggiated plucking , although there are many different playing styles .
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
He was the first person to land a quadruple salchow in competition and the first person to land three quadruple jumps in one program .
January 19 -- The Libertarian enclave Minerva on a platform in the South Pacific , sponsored by the Phoenix Foundation , declares independence .
They are so named because the female has two distinct sexual openings : one for mating , and the other for laying eggs -LRB- in contrast to the Monotrysia -RRB- .
Set in Pasadena , California , the show concerns two male Caltech prodigies in their twenties , one an experimental physicist -LRB- Leonard -RRB- and the other a theoretical physicist -LRB- Sheldon -RRB- , who live across the hall from an attractive blonde waitress with show-biz aspirations -LRB- Penny -RRB- .
He is also a former French international and is best known for his spells at Leeds United , AS Roma and Internazionale .
Côte - Nord -LRB- French for '' North Shore '' , area 247,627.06 km , or 95,609.34 sq mi -RRB- is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec , Canada , after Nord-du-Qu ébec .
It is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron were mined nearby .
Atlanta , Georgia , United States
She was buried in the OrlÃ ans family chapel her sister-in-law , the Duchess of OrlÃ ans , who had died in 1821 , had built in CollÃ giale de Dreux in 1816 , as the final resting place for Bourbon-Toulouse-Penthi Ã vre and OrlÃ ans families .
In return for political support in his opposition to the interests of Pompey , Crassus paid some of Caesar 's debts and acted as guarantor for others .
They protected their areas from robbers , thieves and other evil doers .
A poker hand comprises five cards ; in variants where a player has more than five cards , the best five cards play .
Since 2007 the Movement has organized poetry readings and exhibitions where images and words are linked .
Ionia became part of the Roman province of Asia .
It is an application of the RIFF bitstream format method for storing data in '' chunks '' , and thus is also close to the 8SVX and the AIFF format used on Amiga and Macintosh computers , respectively .
The property of common logarithms pertinent to the use of log tables is that any decimal sequence of the same digits , but different decimal-point positions , will have identical mantissas and differ only in their characteristics .
A Market place -LRB- Hauptmarkt -RRB- surrounded by restored patrician houses with baroque doorways .
It was referred to as '' Romer 's Gap '' , after the palaeontologist who recognized it .
Bairiki -LRB- executive -RRB- , Ambo -LRB- legislative -RRB- , Betio -LRB- judicial -RRB- are the main political centres of the capital .
Forming in October during the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season , the waters over which it developed were considered too cold for tropical development .
As of 2000 , the population was 8,775 .
At the immunity challenge , the castaways competed in an obstacle course , with a few contestants getting eliminated in each round .
Unfortunately , there is largest railway station and airport of the Pakistan in the city and also have road links with Hyderabad , Nawabshah , Mirpur Khas and other major cities of Sindh .
By this time DÃ 1\/4 rer 's engravings had attained great popularity and were being copied .
Connersville is a city in Fayette County , Indiana , United States .
In principle , AFM can provide higher resolution than SEM .
A tragedy typically ended with the death or destruction of a fictional or historical hero , whereas a comedy focused on the lives of middle to lower class characters and ended with their success .
Part of the Met Office headquarters at Exeter in Devon is the Met Office College , which handles the training for internal personnel and many forecasters from around the world .
Produced in Germany during a stable period of the Weimar Republic , Metropolis is set in a futuristic urban dystopia and makes use of this context to explore the social crisis between workers and owners in capitalism .
Johann Louis FranÃ ois Vogel -LRB- born 8 March 1977 in Geneva -RRB- is a retired Swiss footballer .
At first , he is successful , but soon realizes that he left a '' property of Bart Simpson '' label on the radio .
Production on the film began in November 1999 and was completed in May 2000 , with a budget of $ 52.5 million .
Foucault notoriously also joined students in occupying administration buildings and fighting with police .
During the early part of the Late Cretaceous , the therizinosaur Nothronychus and the ceratopsian Zuniceratops lived .
The album features the single '' Addicted '' which peaked at # 2 on the US Mainstream Rock Chart .
His short fiction has been collected in The Visible Man -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , Geodesic Dreams -LRB- a best-of collection -RRB- , Slow Dancing through Time -LRB- 1990 , collaborations -RRB- , and Strange Days -LRB- 2001 , another best-of collection -RRB- .
Among women in the US , breast cancer is the most common cancer and the second-most common cause of cancer death -LRB- after lung cancer -RRB- .
Reform William of Aquitaine formed the first Cluny monastery in 910 with the novel stipulation that the monastery would report directly to the pope rather than to a local lord .
Eino Tamberg -LRB- 27 May 1930 â '' 24 December 2010 -RRB- was an Estonian composer .
Alburnett is a city in Linn County , Iowa , United States .
Following the 1966 season , Switzer moved to the University of Oklahoma as an assistant coach under new Head Coach and good friend Jim Mackenzie .
While the internal angles in planar triangles always add up to 180 ° , a hyperbolic triangle has angles that add up to less than 180 ° , and a spherical triangle has angles that add up to more than 180 ° .
The name Titania was derived from the Queen of the Fairies in A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
Phoenix was incorporated with a population of approximately 2,500 , and on May 3 , 1881 , Phoenix held its first city election .
Despite having been through various phases and having witnessed some vicissitudes , Pakistan-Japan relations have kept growing to the mutual benefit of the two countries .
Ceyreste is a commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of France .
It has also been known to be used for gin making .
In 1996 Rutherglen was reallocated to the South Lanarkshire council area .
Michaelsberg Abbey or Michelsberg Abbey , also St. Michael 's Abbey , Bamberg -LRB- or Michelsberg -RRB- is a former Benedictine monastery in Bamberg in Bavaria , Germany .
This custom started with the belief that he who stole divine figures -LRB- gods and goddesses -RRB- was assured of good fortune , if not caught in the act of stealing .
It is also a lifestyle based on personal , family and\/or social preference .
Three buttons -LRB- A , B , and C -RRB- allow the user to select and perform an activity , including : Feeding the Tamagotchi a piece of food or a snack .
2 .
In March 2006 , Nvidia acquired Hybrid Graphics The Register Hardware news : NVIDIA acquires Hybrid Graphics and on January 5 , 2007 , it announced that it had completed the acquisition of PortalPlayer , Inc.Press Release : acquires PortalPlayer , dated January 5 , 2007 .
1385 -- Union of Krewo -- a personal union that brought Grand Duke of Lithuania Jogaila to Polish throne ;
Some of the matches of the Football World Cup 2010 will be played at the Free State Stadium .
The IPO was founded by violinist BronisÅ aw Huberman in 1936 , at a time when many Jewish musicians were being fired from European orchestras .
After Derwinski 's loss , President Ronald Reagan appointed him Counselor to the State Department .
April 26 & ndash ; The Pazzi attack Lorenzo de ' Medici , and kill his brother Giuliano , during High Mass in the Florence Cathedral .
Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo OBE FKC -LRB- born 5 October 1943 -RRB- is an English author , poet , playwright and librettist , best known for his work in children 's literature .
Instead , the half-life is defined in terms of probability .
FARC-EP is a peasant army which has proclaimed itself as a revolutionary agrarian , anti-imperialist Marxist-Leninist organization of Bolivarian inspiration .
Two incomplete specimens have been discovered in Wyoming and Kansas , and no skulls .
Equality -LRB- mathematics -RRB-
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
On 18 July 2007 in Johannesburg , South Africa , Nelson Mandela , GraÃ a Machel , and Desmond Tutu convened a group of world leaders to contribute their wisdom , independent leadership and integrity together to the world .
The 1961 -- 62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
The natural minor scale is the sixth mode -LRB- or Aeolian mode -RRB- of the major scale .
The Travelling Salesman Problem Discusses the use of simulated annealing to solve this problem and allows download of a DOS\/Windows command-line program demonstrating problem solution .
In politics , Left , left-wing and leftist are generally used to describe support for social changes to create a more egalitarian society .
It is one of the major auditory attributes of musical tones along with duration , loudness , timbre , and sound source location .
André Candançam Pinto , or simply Andre Pinto -LRB- born December 14 , 1978 , in São Paulo , Brazil -RRB- , is a Brazilian striker who plays for Paços Ferreira in the Portuguese Liga on loan from Marítimo .
Generations label in North America , which markets games to audiences outside of the traditional gaming community .
The term waka originally encompassed a number of differing forms , principally tanka -LRB- , '' short poem '' -RRB- and ch ka -LRB- , '' long poem '' -RRB- , but also including bussokusekika , sed ka -LRB- , '' whirling head poem '' -RRB- and katauta -LRB- , '' poem fragment '' -RRB- .
The Plym Valley Railway is part of the closed South Devon and Tavistock Railway near Plymouth , a branch line of the Great Western Railway in Devon .
Macropus is a marsupial genus that belongs to the family Macropodidae , it has 14 species which are further divided into 3 subgenera .
Natasha Jane Richardson -LRB- 11 May 1963 18 March 2009 -RRB- was an English stage and screen actress .
Discovery and name Hygiea was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis on April 12 , 1849 in Naples , Italy .
Castrated men -- eunuchs -- were often admitted to special social classes and were used particularly to staff bureaucracies and palace households : in particular , the harem .
Takenori Hayashi is a Japanese football player who currently plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
A woman never changes surnames , regardless of whether she marries or divorces .
The Renault Tracer -LRB- R332A -RRB- is a class of buses produced by the bus division of Renault Trucks from 1991 to 2001 .
Columbia University .
1972 -- 1983 James Loughran CBE
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
Theatrum Orbis Terrarum -LRB- Ortelius , Netherlands , 1570 -- 1612 -RRB-
It is the second largest University of Applied Sciences in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia , after the Fachhochschule Köln -LRB- Cologne -RRB- .
Francis I had become a close friend .
The couple married in 1933 in Moscow , USSR , where Regina was studying medicine at the First Moscow Medical Institute .
Davies 's lighter orchestral works have included Mavis in Las Vegas and Orkney Wedding , With Sunrise -LRB- which features the bagpipes -RRB- , as well as a number of theater pieces for children and a good deal of music with educational purposes .
Alfonso II of Aragon conquers Caspe and Teruel .
Pope John Paul I -LRB- Latin : Ioannes Paulus PP . I , Italian : Giovanni Paolo I -RRB- , born Albino Luciani , -LRB- 17 October 1912 -- 28 September 1978 -RRB- , reigned as Pope of the Catholic Church and as Sovereign of Vatican City from 26 August 1978 until his death 33 days later .
Tourism has been , and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality .
The University of Manchester is the largest full-time non-collegiate university in the United Kingdom and was created in 2004 by the merger of Victoria University of Manchester and UMIST .
The effects of this Kleistian jar were independently discovered around the same time by Dutch scientists Pieter van Musschenbroek and Cunaeus at the University of Leiden . Musschenbroek communicated on it with the French scientific community where it was called the Leyden jar .
Tine performed at the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize Concert .
Many people in the New Orleans metropolitan area expected minimal effects from the storm , but were cleaning up debris and were without power for days after Cindy 's passage .
Hart 's body , little more than a charred stump , was claimed by his brother Dick Hart and buried at Greta Cemetery the following day -LRB- June 29 -RRB- in the same grave as Dan Kelly .
In the Australian lexicon , stockman is the traditional name given to a person who looks after the livestock on a large property known as a station and owned by a grazier or a grazing company .
PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Sky is the fifth installment in the PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon series for the Nintendo DS , and a sister game to PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Time and Explorers of Darkness .
San Diego Padres -LRB- -- -RRB-
Alpuri or Alpuari is the capital of Shangla District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
An update on Melanie appeared in the Daily Mail in May 2008 , and she was interviewed about the song on the BBC program The One Show on the 24th November 2010 .
The Weinsteins operated Miramax with more creative and financial independence than any other division of Disney , until 2005 when they decided to leave the company and founded The Weinstein Company .
Festival de Feu et de Glace -LRB- Festival of Fire and Ice , a winter fest -RRB- , January-February .
One shared property of all these theories is the holographic principle .
A Gauleiter -LRB- -RRB- was the party leader of a regional branch of the NSDAP -LRB- more commonly known as the Nazi Party -RRB- or the head of a Gau or of a Reichsgau .
The Michelson -- Morley experiment was performed in 1887 by Albert Michelson and Edward Morley at what is now Case Western Reserve University .
Individual seeds are sometimes chewed , in much the same way as chewing-gum ; it is even used by Wrigley 's -LRB- ` Eclipse Breeze Exotic Mint ' -RRB- in which it states '' with cardamom to neutralize the toughest breath odors '' .
Bernieulles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon , also known as the Hanging Gardens of Semiramis , near present-day Al Hillah , Babil in Iraq , are considered to be one of the original Seven Wonders of the World .
DO NOT RELY UPON ANY INFORMATION FOUND IN WIKIPEDIA WITHOUT INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION .
He later continued studying in Vienna with AbbÃ Vogler -LRB- Georg Joseph Vogler -RRB- , founder of three important music schools -LRB- in Mannheim , Stockholm , and Darmstadt -RRB- ; another famous pupil of Vogler was Giacomo Meyerbeer , who became a close friend of Weber .
Viewers can also send in their question which could be shown to the nation .
OMIM = p
At the same time the small Special Projects part of the company , which since 2003 had been contracted to design and build Honda 's Indy Racing League engines , split away to become a separate company , owned by Mario Illien and Roger Penske .
ClÃ ty is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is also used in video games , where it competes with Direct3D on Microsoft Windows platforms -LRB- see OpenGL vs. Direct3D -RRB- .
Aubigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Prior to the introduction of the CD-RW technology , a standard for magneto-optical recordable and erasable CDs called CD-MO was introduced in 1988 and set in the Orange Book , part 1 , and was basically a CD with a magneto-optical recording layer .
These tell of school-holiday adventures of children , mostly in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads .
The Common Cuckoo -LRB- Cuculus canorus -RRB- -LRB- formerly European Cuckoo -RRB- is a member of the cuckoo order of birds , the Cuculiformes , which also includes the roadrunners , the anis and the coucals .
Scottsville was the birthplace of Thomas Staples Martin , who served five terms as a Democrat in the United States Senate representing Virginia . Born at Scottsville in 1847 , Martin served in the Confederate Army , then went on to practice law .
Sanam Luang was officially known as Thung Phra Mane -LRB- the royal cremation ground -RRB- -LRB- Thai : -RRB- .
Examples of his question types include the irreverent question , the apparently irrelevant question , the hypothetical question and the unanswerable question .
Week 25 - Stewart Cink Wins the Travelers Championship and Climbs to Career High World Number Six On July 19 , 2009 , Cink won his first major title at the 138th Open Championship at Turnberry , Scotland , defeating 59 year-old Tom Watson by six strokes in a four-hole playoff .
Sweet Baby -LRB- originally known as Sweet Baby Jesus -RRB- was a pop punk band that originated from Berkeley , California , and was part of the 924 Gilman Street scene .
Speaking personally about Jordan , Wales said , '' Mr. Ryan was a friend , and still is a friend .
Its rise from marginality was celebrated on 17 and 18 February 1990 , when Beijing 's largest ever all-rock concert was held in the Capital Gymnasium , one of the city 's largest halls .
It has given its name to a type of soft cheese -LRB- see Pont-l ' Évêque cheese -RRB- .
Raggmunk and rårakor are traditionally eaten with pork rinds and lingonberry jam .
Volume 1 : It 's Baby Signing Time Baby Signing Time !
Forbes topic page on Giorgio Armani .
Enquin-sur-Baillons is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
So , in normal diploid organisms , autosomal chromosomes are present in two copies .
She 's mostly known for her unique writing style , a combination of grammatically perfect '' high-class '' Turkish and slang .
Bollington is a small town in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
He is thus widely regarded in his homeland as the father of Czech music .
ISBN 978-1859332702
Magical Mystery Tour is the title of two different 1967 record releases , an LP and a double EP , by the English rock band The Beatles , both of which include the six-song soundtrack to the television movie of the same name .
Villeurbanne is the second-largest city in the department .
Statistics Netherlands uses three other definitions of Amsterdam : metropolitan agglomeration Amsterdam -LRB- Grootstedelijke Agglomeratie Amsterdam , not to be confused with Grootstedelijk Gebied Amsterdam , a synonym of Groot Amsterdam -RRB- , Greater Amsterdam -LRB- Groot Amsterdam , a COROP region -RRB- and the urban region Amsterdam -LRB- Stadsgewest Amsterdam -RRB- .
He later recalled that during this time she frequently complained of insomnia , and told Greenson that she visited several medical doctors to obtain what Greenson considered an excessive variety of drugs .
This film features two segments :
A Girl like Me spawned four singles ; '' SOS '' , which became her first single to reach number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 , '' Unfaithful '' and '' Break It Off '' , both reaching the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 , however , the third single , '' We Ride '' , failed to reprise the success of the previous singles .
08:05 3 CM Punk -LRB- c -RRB- defeated Big Daddy V -LRB- with Matt Striker -RRB- by disqualification Singles match for the ECW Championship .
Sodium iodide is used in polymerase chain reactions , and also -LRB- as an acetone solution -RRB- in the Finkelstein reaction , for conversion of an alkyl chloride into an alkyl iodide .
Linnaeus ' last years were troubled by weak health , and he suffered from gout and tooth aches .
The Foo Fighters are an American hard rock band from Seattle , Washington , formed in 1995 .
A perennial shrub , it usually grows to 30 -- 100 cm tall and wide .
Its hot , dry climate and other geographical conditions closely resemble those of Jhelum and Gujrat , the adjoining districts of Pakistan .
In 1995 she published an unplugged album , '' Göç '' -LRB- '' The Migration '' -RRB- under her own publishing company Naz Müzik .
Homo rudolfensis is a fossil human species discovered by Bernard Ngeneo , a member of a team led by anthropologist Richard Leakey and zoologist Meave Leakey in 1972 , at Koobi Fora on the east side of Lake Rudolf -LRB- now Lake Turkana -RRB- in Kenya .
More than 500 newspaper clippings are pasted onto the pages of the diary .
Lagarde-d ` Apt is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Sigmund Freud saw the sibling relationship as an extension of the Oedipus complex , where brothers were in competition for their mother 's attention and sisters for their father 's .
The following gods and goddess are sometimes mentioned amongst the twelve Olympians .
Morganucodon is regarded as very primitive , for its lower jaw retains some of the bones found in its reptilian ancestors in a very reduced form , rather than being composed solely of the dentary .
Félines - sur-Rimandoule , a commune in the department of Drôme
Reviews = \* AbsolutePunk.net -LRB- 79 % -RRB- link
Although two newspapers -LRB- The Age and The Herald -RRB- reported Kelly 's last words as '' Such is life '' , another source , Kelly 's gaol warden , wrote in his diary that when Kelly was prompted to say his last words , the prisoner opened his mouth and mumbled something that he could n't hear .
Boys Do n't Cry is a 1999 American independent drama film based on the real-life story of Brandon Teena , a transgender man who was raped and murdered on December 31 , 1993 by male friends after they found out Teena had female genitalia .
The institution changed name a few times : from April to December 1897 it was called a '' Club de Esgrima '' -LRB- in English , '' Fencing Club '' -RRB- due to the fact that fencing was the only activity practised at that moment .
In religion , Abrahamic religion is the designation used for monotheistic faiths emphasizing and tracing their common origin to Abraham .
Elizabeth 's husband died in 1604 at the age of 47 , reportedly due to an injury sustained in battle .
; Brown , Delmer et al .
The World Extreme Skiing Championship is held annually in the Chugach near Valdez .
A variant of the power cars operates in Australia as part of the XPT .
The movie camera is a type of photographic camera which takes a rapid sequence of photographs on strips of film .
Epicureanism is a system of philosophy based upon the teachings of Epicurus , founded around 307 BC .
Forms of wit As in the wit of Parker 's set , the Algonquin Round Table , witty remarks may be intentionally cruel -LRB- as in many epigrams -RRB- , and perhaps more ingenious than funny .
The present cathedral was consecrated on 14 July 1077 in the presence of William , Duke of Normandy and King of England .
It is frequently used in Italy and elsewhere as a building material .
Between chukkas , players switch ponies .
AEK Athens is the only Greek club to have reached the semi-final round of the UEFA Cup -LRB- 1976-77 -RRB- .
While the corresponding northern-hemisphere continent Laurasia moved farther north , Gondwana drifted south .
Today , Allentown 's economy , like most of Pennsylvania 's , is based in the service industries with some manufacturing .
Liam Neeson , the Oscar-nominated actor , was born and raised in Ballymena .
Sophene -LRB- , -RRB- was a province of the Armenian Kingdom and of the Roman Empire , located in the south-west of the kingdom .
The MPC also makes a clear distinction between the Kuiper belt and the scattered disc ; separating those objects in stable orbits -LRB- the Kuiper belt -RRB- from those in scattered orbits -LRB- the scattered disc and the centaurs -RRB- .
Cambremer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A perfect vacuum would be one with no particles in it at all , which is impossible to achieve in practice .
omne in die - see '' Once daily ''
2018 Winter Olympics - Host city will be chosen in 2011 .
The main families of organisms found around seafloor vents are annelids , pogonophorans , gastropods , and crustaceans , with large bivalves , vestimentiferan worms , and '' eyeless '' shrimp making up the bulk of non-microbial organisms .
1979 & ndash ; The Vela Incident -LRB- also known as the South Atlantic Flash -RRB- is observed near Bouvet Island , thought to be a nuclear weapons test .
The Clothed Maja and the Nude Maja , the Prado Retrieved 27 July 2007 .
The Bundestag -LRB- Federal Diet ; -RRB- is a federal legislative body in Germany . In practice Germany is governed by a bicameral legislature , of which the Bundestag has the role of lower house .
Tim Hortons also made a deal with the SPAR convenience store chain in the UK and Ireland , resulting in Tim Hortons coffee and doughnuts being sold at small self service counters in 50 SPAR stores as of April 30 , 2007 .
Beurey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
In November 1992 , its logo changed to use the term '' Fiction and Fact '' rather than '' Fact & Fiction '' .
August 1 & ndash ; The Fourth Crusade elevates Alexius IV as Byzantine Emperor , after the citizens of Constantinople proclaim as emperor Isaac II Angelus -LRB- Alexius IV 's father -RRB- .
It is also a transcendental number , which implies , among other things , that no finite sequence of algebraic operations on integers -LRB- powers , roots , sums , etc. -RRB- can be equal to its value ; proving this was a late achievement in mathematical history and a significant result of 19th century German mathematics .
Additionally , a trusting relationship with the family means that the child 's parents will be less likely to believe any potential accusations .
There are four types of cricket song : The calling song attracts females and repels other males , and is fairly loud .
Early in the series , Molly is the only character who makes a costume but creates it from old bed sheets and clothes , not the traditional spandex of superhero costumes ; she never wears the costume again .
Carl August Steinheil in Munich was able to build a telegraph network within the city in 1835-6 , and installed a telegraph line along the first German railroad in 1835 .
After his flight , he was in brief demand as a motivational speaker and he quit his job as a truck driver .
The organisation is headed by the Chief Land Registrar and Chief Executive .
Despite a number of reforms , the Legion system survived the fall of the Western Roman Empire , and was continued in the Eastern Roman Empire until around 7th century , when reforms begun by Emperor Heraclius to counter the increasing need for soldiers around the Empire resulted in the Theme system .
A mental hospital is a place where mentally sick people are kept until doctors are ready to place them into halfway houses , where they are slowly reintegrated into society .
263-280 The satellite appears grey -LRB- colour indices B-V = 0.77 , R-V = 0.34 -RRB- characteristic for C-type asteroids .
The Lou Henry and Herbert Hoover House in Palo Alto 's foothills is now the official residence of the President of Stanford University .
Steven Patrick Morrissey -LRB- born 22 May 1959 -RRB- , known primarily as Morrissey , is an English singer and songwriter .
Ziege 's club career allowed him to play in cross-city derbies in Munich -LRB- versus TSV 1860 -RRB- , Liverpool -LRB- versus Everton -RRB- , Milan -LRB- versus Inter -RRB- and London -LRB- versus Arsenal and Chelsea -RRB- ; a unique achievement in the modern game .
November 10 & ndash ; Estimated appearance date of Halley 's Comet .
The name '' phpBB '' is an abbreviation of PHP Bulletin Board . Available under the GNU General Public License , phpBB is free open-source software .
The Hiram College Library has provided a welcoming , comfortable , and intellectually stimulating environment for many generations of students , faculty , staff , and community members .
Rapid deepening , also known as rapid intensification , is a meteorological condition that occurs when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone decreases drastically in a short period of time .
He added that the reason for having two titles in the track listing of Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends was due to American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake doing it for his last album , FutureSex\/LoveSounds -LRB-/O2006/O-RRB- .
Georgia was the fourth state to ratify the United States Constitution , on January 2 , 1788 .
Ayman Muhammad Rabaie al-Zawahiri -LRB- , ' ; born June 19 , 1951 -RRB- is a prominent leader of al-Qaeda , and was the second and last '' emir '' of Egyptian Islamic Jihad , having succeeded Abbud al-Zummar in the latter role when Egyptian authorities sentenced al-Zummar to life imprisonment . While Al-Zawahiri is a reportedly a qualified surgeon , he has shown a deep and radical understanding of Islamic theology and Islamic history .
However , stiles may well be difficult to use for some disabled people and people with limited mobility .
Each village has a planning committee that is appointed directly by the city council .
Francesco Hayez -LRB- February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 -RRB- was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
Sissy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Caine has appeared in over one hundred films .
.
They also played at Switzerland 's Greenfield Festival as well as Germany 's Hurricane Festival and Southside Festival .
Click Msgbox -LRB- '' Hello , World '' -RRB- End Sub End Class
Each of the seven deadly sins now also has an opposite among corresponding seven holy virtues -LRB- sometimes also referred to as the contrary virtues -RRB- . In parallel order to the sins they oppose , the seven holy virtues are humility , charity , kindness , patience , chastity , temperance , and diligence .
The Maya peoples never disappeared , neither at the time of the Classic period decline nor with the arrival of the Spanish conquistadores and the subsequent Spanish colonization of the Americas .
Tourville-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Lubanki , Also known as Labanki is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Lubanas tribal grouping in India and Pakistan .
It is the sequel to the 1995 SNES game , ' .
Colorado State University is a public institution of higher learning located in Fort Collins , Colorado in the United States .
The eight so-called Neolithic founder crops of agriculture appear : first emmer wheat and einkorn wheat , then hulled barley , peas , lentils , bitter vetch , chick peas and flax .
The most recent recipient was Michele Dougherty , who was awarded the medal '' for innovative use of magnetic field data that led to discovery of an atmosphere around one of Saturn 's moons and the way it revolutionised our view of the role of planetary moons in the Solar System '' .
The Romans named the planet after the swift-footed Roman messenger god , Mercury -LRB- Latin Mercurius -RRB- , which they equated with the Greek Hermes , because it moves across the sky faster than any other planet .
Hygiea 's surface is composed of primitive carbonaceous material similar to the chondrite meteorites .
She was Teppei 's high school sweetheart .
He is the caretaker of the block of apartments the main characters live in .
Encyclopædia Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite is an encyclopædia published by Encyclopædia Britannica , Inc. , available on DVD .
A demonym , also referred to as a gentilic , is a name for a resident of a locality which is derived from the name of the particular locality .
He had purchased parts of used captain 's uniforms from different shops and tested their effect on soldiers .
Original salami from Calabria can be much more spicy than american pepperoni or other types italian spicy sausages .
Maninghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Alice in Chains reunited in 2005 with new lead vocalist William DuVall and released Black Gives Way to Blue , their first studio album in 14 years , on September 29 , 2009 .
Other sites in the town include : The birthplace of Ján Kollár , a Neo-Gothic Catholic church with a valuable altar built on the spot of its ancient predecessor , a Lutheran church built in 1784 , a Mausoleum now hosting the Museum of Crafts , an Art-Nouveau greenhouse , and a garden pavilion from 1800 .
The electrons of an atom are bound to the nucleus by the electromagnetic force .
The fourth release , openSUSE 10.3 , was made available as a stable version on October 4 , 2007 .
In Denmark , as the translation of Danish Overborgmester , it is the title of the highest Mayor of Denmark 's capital city , Copenhagen .
The movie tells of how Hannah Montana 's popularity begins to take over Miley Stewart 's life .
In the Gospel of St. Matthew , the Sermon on the Mount is a compilation of Jesus ' sayings , epitomizing his moral teaching .
Multiple choice testing is particularly popular in the United States .
Anders Svensson -LRB- ; born 17 July 1976 in Göteborg , Sweden -RRB- is a Swedish international football player playing for IF Elfsborg from Sweden .
The accompaniment can be performed by a single performer -- a pianist , organist , or guitarist -- or it can be played by an entire ensemble , such as a symphony orchestra or string quartet -LRB- in the Classical genre -RRB- or a backing band or rhythm section -LRB- in popular music -RRB- or a Big Band or organ trio -LRB- in jazz -RRB- .
Based on this cladistic analysis , Mahakala suggests that the ancestral condition for dromaeosaurids is non-volant .
The high walls and vaulted stone roofs were often supported by flying buttresses : half arches which transmit the outward thrust of the superstructure to supports or buttresses , often visible on the exterior of the building .
Sindhi is the most widely used language but Thari is also spoken amongst the original inhabitants of Larkana , which shares similarities with the Sindhi language .
The Eastern Long-beaked Echidna -LRB- Zaglossus bartoni -RRB- , also known as Barton 's Long-beaked Echidna , is one of three species from the genus Zaglossus to occur in New Guinea .
The Boston Beer Company , maker of Samuel Adams , was among the first contemporary brewers to start adding freshness dates to their product line in 1985 .
After the Bolshevik revolution in October 1917 , Russia quickly disintegrated into civil war .
Germany
After Rattle relinquished his posts with the CBSO , the Finnish conductor Sakari Oramo became chief conductor in 1998 , and music director in 1999 .
As of the 2000 census , this portion of the city population was 8,689 .
However , more exotic compounds can be produced by fermentation , such as butyric acid and acetone .
In 1955 he was appointed music director for life of the Berlin Philharmonic as successor to Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler .
Washington Bullets\/Wizards -LRB- 1996 -- 1999 -RRB-
Several texts relate mythological anecdotes associated with his birth and exploits and explain his distinct iconography .
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn had first-hand experience in the Soviet labor camps called the Gulag , having been imprisoned from 1945 to 1953 for writing a derogatory comment in a letter to a fellow officer about the conduct of the war by Joseph Stalin , whom he called '' the whiskered one '' .
As of the end of August 2010 , however , CNN 's website remained well ahead of FOXnews.com and in a close battle with MSNBC.com for the title of most popular network-affiliated online news source .15 Most Popular News Websites ebizMBA -LRB- derived from Alexa Internet , Quantcast , and Compete.com data -RRB- 1 Sept 2010 Retrieved : 8 Sept 2010 See also : Top 20 Websites in 2009
The current usage which means a person who rides a horse in races was first seen in 1670 .
In 1987 , both the National and American League Rookie of the Year Awards were renamed the '' Jackie Robinson Award '' in honor of the first recipient -LRB- Robinson 's Major League Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 encompassed both leagues -RRB- .
Tetanus toxin is the neurotoxin produced by the vegetative cell of Clostridium tetani in anaerobic conditions , causing tetanus .
Tal played in 21 Soviet Championships , Including the 1983 final when Tal had to withdraw after five games winning it a record six times -LRB- 1957 , 1958 , 1967 , 1972 , 1974 , 1978 -RRB- , a number only equalled by Botvinnik .
His father , Arthur Kornberg , who was also a professor at Stanford University , was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1959 .
R d eni is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
The error in device output or operation caused as a result of the strike is called an SEU or a soft error .
The sublingual glands are salivary glands in the mouth .
A secretary from Chiswick , London , she is a companion of the Tenth Doctor , appearing in one scene at the end of the final episode of the 2006 series , '' Doomsday '' , leading into the programme 's second Christmas special , '' The Runaway Bride '' .
However , Hera was not completely fooled and demanded that Zeus give her the heifer as a present .
The new main interface , the Norton Protection Center , aggregates all information in a central location .
The unit was formerly a SI supplementary unit , but this category was abolished in 1995 and the radian is now considered a SI derived unit .
Very often the scale model is smaller than the original and used as a guide to making the object in full size .
The term petroleum was first used in the treatise De Natura Fossilium , published in 1546 by the German mineralogist Georg Bauer , also known as Georgius Agricola .
There is a growing number of small and middle-sized businesses .
The follow-up release to Satanica was Thelema .6 .
Another reason for the rejection of the label is the influence of the Restoration period on Baptist churches , which emphasized a tearing down of denominational barriers .
The Polynesian Rat , or Pacific Rat -LRB- Rattus exulans -RRB- , known to the MÄ ori as kiore , is the third most widespread species of rat in the world behind the Brown Rat and Black Rat .
Saint-Jean-sur-Erve is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Central United States is sometimes conceived as between the Eastern United States and Western United States as part of a three-region model , roughly coincident with the Midwestern United States plus the western and central portions of the Southern United States ; the term is also sometimes used more or less as a synonym for the Midwest , omitting all or most of the South .
In 1994 she published her second album '' Ben BÃ yle AÅ k GÃ rmedim '' -LRB- I Did n't See Love like This -RRB- and album included a 1994 hit with its video , '' Geceler Kara Tren '' -LRB- '' The Nights are Dark Train '' -RRB- .
With Poole and Christchurch Bournemouth forms the South East Dorset conurbation , which has a total population of approximately 400,000 .
The film was scored by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock , although the music is source music , as Hancock noted : '' It 's only there when someone turns on the radio or puts on a record .
Townshend reportedly wrote the song on a train and is said to have been inspired by the Queen Mother who is alleged to have had Townshend 's 1935 Packard hearse towed off a street in Belgravia because she was offended by the sight of it during her daily drive through the neighborhood .
Ilan Ramon -LRB- June 20 , 1954 - February 1 , 2003 ; , born Ilan Wolferman -RRB- was a fighter pilot in the Israeli Air Force , and later the first Israeli astronaut .
According to Escrivá , on that day he experienced a vision in which he '' saw Opus Dei '' .
The Jubilee Line of the London Underground -LRB- though opened in 1979 -RRB- was named for the anniversary , as were several other public locations and spaces , including the Jubilee Gardens in London 's South Bank .
David Tennant -LRB- born David John McDonald ; 18 April 1971 -RRB- is a Scottish actor .
The family accepts her as their newest member , much to Chance 's glee .
Migration of Germanic peoples to Britain from what is now northern Germany , the northern part of the Netherlands and southern Scandinavia is attested from the 5th century -LRB- e.g. Undley bracteate -RRB- .
In a strict sense , the possessive pronouns are only those that act syntactically as nouns .
At the Turin Olympics , Belbin and Agosto won the silver medal in ice dancing , the highest Olympic result of any American team in the discipline , and the first American ice dancers to win an Olympic medal in 30 years .
The shrine of Hazrat Ayub Ansari -LRB- reh -RRB- in Istanbul in Turkey was picturized in this film .
Barbra Streisand -LRB- ; born Barbara Joan Streisand , April 24 , 1942 -RRB- is an American singer , actress , director and songwriter .
Anton was nominated for the National Association for Campus Activities Campus Entertainer of the Year award three times .
In 1918 , General Electric engineer Sanford Moss attached a turbo to a V12 Liberty aircraft engine .
He is widely considered one of the greatest chess players of all time .
Krist Anthony Novoselic II -LRB- born May 16 , 1965 -RRB- is an Croatian-American rock musician , best known for being the bassist and co-founder of the grunge band Nirvana .
US aid to the Haitian government was completely cut off from 2001 to 2004 , after the 2000 election was disputed and President Aristide was accused of various misdeeds .
The Prince Charles , Prince of Wales , -LRB- Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 -RRB- is the heir apparent and eldest son of Queen Elizabeth II .
Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV visits his nephew Charles V of France to publicly celebrate the friendship between their two nations .
Due to the expected merger , the NWHL was split into the Eastern and Central divisions , with the WWHL teams expected to make up the Western Division .
com This achievement was largely due to the impact from Idol as the CD single managed to sell 236,000 copies in its first week of sales in the U.S. ; Kelly Clarkson -- Timeline .
Aruba -LRB- -RRB- is a - long island of the Lesser Antilles in the southern Caribbean Sea , located north of the coast of Venezuela .
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Sama Veda , Yajur Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
In Aztec mythology , Huitzilopochtli , also spelled Uitzilopochtli -LRB- '' Hummingbird on the Left '' , or '' Left-Handed Hummingbird '' , huitzilin being Nahuatl for hummingbird -RRB- , was a god of war , a sun god , and the patron of the city of Tenochtitlan .
TomÃ Å UjfaluÅ i -LRB- born 24 March 1978 -RRB- is a Czech footballer who plays for AtlÃ tico Madrid in La Liga .
'' Soldier '' produced by Knowles and Harrison and released as the album 's second single in fall 2004 .
After publicly stating his concern over his safety at Palmeiras due to off-field altercations with fans , as well as his desire to play for his childhood team Flamengo , Vágner Love 's loan contract with Palmeiras was ended early on 14 January 2010 .
Rockville is an unincorporated community in Hanover County in the Central Region of the U.S. state of Virginia .
Since 19 November 2008 , the Prime Minister has been John Key of the National Party .
New Year 's Eve or Old Year 's Night is on , the final day of the Gregorian year , and the day before New Year 's Day .
Arendal belongs to the traditional region of Sørlandet .
Fertile valleys are interspersed between the mountain ranges forming vast areas of contrast between elevations in many areas throughout the territory .
Herbert von Karajan -LRB- ; 5 April 1908 â '' 16 July 1989 -RRB- was an Austrian orchestra and opera conductor .
Louis XVI -LRB- 23 August 1754 â '' 21 January 1793 -RRB- ruled as King of France and Navarre from 1774 until 1791 , and then as King of the French from 1791 to 1792 .
A revealing experiment introduced the camera obscura in studies of the half-moon shape of the sun 's image during eclipses which he observed on the wall opposite a small hole made in the window shutters .
Cell division is more complex in eukaryotes than in other organisms .
It forms part of the same rift valley that includes Spencer Gulf to the south and is approximately 240 km long .
1957 & ndash ; The European Economic Community is established -LRB- West Germany , France , Italy , Belgium , Netherlands , Luxembourg -RRB- .
Nicole Richie is the adopted daughter of soul singer Lionel Richie and his then-wife Brenda Harvey . Richie is perhaps best known for her role in the Fox reality television series The Simple Life .
The Antilopine Wallaroo -LRB- Macropus antilopinus -RRB- is the exception among wallaroos .
Angerville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The is a Japanese railway line that runs between miya Station in Saitama , Saitama Prefecture and Takasaki Station in Takasaki , Gunma Prefecture .
Indus River Dolphin -LRB- or Bhulan -RRB- , Platanista gangetica minor
Cantal is a department in south-central France .
Rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the HSV color wheel , on which it is at hue angle of 330 degrees .
On pages that are experiencing , temporary full protection can force the parties to discuss their edits on the talk page , where they can reach .
Kei Omoto -LRB- born July 21 , 1984 in Chiba -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Thespa Kusatsu .
He was the first person to set foot on the Moon .
7 seasons in Segunda División B
This province is home to the World Heritage Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park .
Fußball - Club Gelsenkirchen-Schalke 04 , commonly known as simply FC Schalke 04 or Schalke -LRB- -RRB- , is a German football club originally from the Schalke district of Gelsenkirchen , North Rhine-Westphalia .
See also Comparison of office suites List of spreadsheets Comparison of spreadsheets References External links Calc information page OpenOffice.org Spreadsheet Project Spreadsheet FAQ Official OpenOffice Documentation Wiki .
In some Arthurian literature Glastonbury is identified with the legendary island of Avalon . Joseph is said to have arrived in Glastonbury and stuck his staff into the ground , when it flowered miraculously into the Glastonbury Thorn .
Saint-Martin-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
is the capital and most populous city in the state of Victoria , and the second most populous city in Australia .
Super Mario Land is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld game console .
It has 16 lines , mostly underground , and a total length of 214 km -LRB- 133 mi -RRB- .
Town of Raiford
They were issued a challenge to sell 50,000 copies of their demo single , '' Ai no Tane '' , with just five days of promotion events .
Richard Trevithick -LRB- 13 April 1771 22 April 1833 -RRB- was a British inventor and mining engineer .
Yellowfin is often marketed as ahi , from its Hawaiian name ahi although the name ahi in Hawaiian also refers to the closely related bigeye tuna .
He wrestled in Mexico and Japan for several major professional wrestling promotions in the United States Guerrero wrestled in Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- , World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and in World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- then WWF , later renamed to WWE -RRB- .
If there are not enough tiles in the bag to do so , the player takes all of the remaining tiles .
Chupa Chups is a lollipop company founded by Spanish native Enric Bernat in 1958 , and currently owned by the Dutch-Italian multinational corporation Perfetti Van Melle .
The Feistel structure has the advantage that encryption and decryption operations are very similar , even identical in some cases , requiring only a reversal of the key schedule .
It is also of concern for persons receiving medical care in regions where there is prevalent substandard hygiene in the use of injection equipment , such as the reuse of needles in Third World countries .
The ZX Spectrum -LRB- Pronounced '' Zed Ecks Spec-trum '' in its original British English branding -RRB- is an 8-bit personal home computer released in the United Kingdom in 1982 by Sinclair Research Ltd. .
Malabo -LRB- -RRB- is the capital of Equatorial Guinea , located on the northern coast of Bioko Island -LRB- formerly Fernando Pó -RRB- on the rim of a sunken volcano .
Pakistani rock is almost entirely sung in Urdu , however many new bands have recently come out with songs in Punjabi , Pashto , Sindhi and English .
As per December 31st , 2007 the borough had 28,209 inhabitants and covered 6.47 square kilometers .
Anton is most notable for being one of the original cast of comedians on sketch comedy television series MADtv and for his role as Lloyd Diffy in the Disney Channel Original Series Phil of the Future .
Gerhard Henrik Armauer Hansen -LRB- 29 July 1841 â '' 12 February 1912 -RRB- was a Norwegian physician , remembered for his identification of the bacterium Mycobacterium leprae in 1873 as the causative agent of leprosy .
There is a display case - dedicated in August 2001 by Tour de France winner Lucien van Impe - in Harworth and Bircotes sports and social club .
Sissonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Romania changed sides and joined the Allies , but its role in the defeat of Nazi Germany was not recognized by the Paris Peace Conference of 1947 .
Messing turned down a starring role in another television sitcom to appear in Donald Margulies 's two-character play Collected Stories , which opened at the Off Broadway Manhattan Theater Club .
It was mentioned for the first time in 1233 in the deed of donation by King Andrew II .
Hayley Wickenheiser -LRB- born August 12 , 1978 -RRB- is a women 's ice hockey player from Canada .
She lived through the longest retirement and widowhood of any former US First Lady , and wore black always .
A movie adaptation of Sin City , co-directed by Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller with '' special guest director '' Quentin Tarantino , was released on April 1 , 2005 .
Immigration to Canada is the process by which people migrate to Canada to reside permanently in the country .
It was a major source of newsprint in the 20th century .
Oliver Patric Neuville -LRB- born 1 May 1973 in Locarno , Switzerland -RRB- is a German footballer who currently plays for Arminia Bielefeld .
Current hypotheses suggest that , while asexual reproduction may have short term benefits when rapid population growth is important or in stable environments , sexual reproduction offers a net advantage by allowing more rapid generation of genetic diversity , allowing adaptation to changing environments .
Elizabeth Hay is also the maternal grandmother of Princess Louise 's husband , the Duke of Fife .
Cellular and Molecular Immunology K. Abbas Fifth Edition .
In addition to its civilian employees , NOAA research and operations are supported by 300 uniformed service members who make up the NOAA Commissioned Officer Corps .
August 1 & ndash ; The Fourth Crusade elevates Alexius IV as Byzantine Emperor , after the citizens of Constantinople proclaim as emperor Isaac II Angelus -LRB- Alexius IV 's father -RRB- .
The discovery , by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard and David C. Jewitt , was announced on March 4 2003 IAUC 8087 : Satellites of Jupiter 2003 March 4 -LRB- discovery -RRB- Sheppard , S. S. ; and Jewitt , D. C. ; An Abundant Population of Small Irregular Satellites Around Jupiter , Nature , Vol .
The Canadian Football League or CFL -LRB- LCF in French -RRB- is a professional sports league located in Canada .
The 2009 panel of judges consists of Simon Cowell , Amanda Holden and Piers Morgan .
In the 1970s , integrated circuit technology and the subsequent creation of microprocessors , such as the Intel 4004 , further decreased size and cost and further increased speed and reliability of computers .
Las Charcas
This led to the common practice of producing two witnesses , bribed to testify the same way in cases of lawsuits with ulterior motives .
Red Bull is an energy drink sold by the Austrian Red Bull GmbH .
MeshName = Thumb
The current incarnation of the company as Warner Music Group was formed in 2004 when it was spun off from Time Warner , and as a result Time Warner no longer retains any ownership whatsoever in Warner Music Group , despite its name .
Ebbe Sand -LRB- born July 19 , 1972 -RRB- is a Danish former professional footballer who most notably played as a striker for FC Schalke 04 in Germany .
Together with Bahawalpur to the north-east , the state was counted amongst the Punjab states rather than the neighbouring Rajputana states -LRB- now Rajasthan -RRB- to the east .
Arizona Cardinals 2005 season In early 2005 , Warner signed a one-year , $ 4-million contract with the Arizona Cardinals , and was quickly named the starter by coach Dennis Green .
He made his debut for Israel on 13 February 2002 in a friendly match against Germany -LRB- 7-1 loss -RRB- .
Kerrang magazine , October 7th , 2006 The EP also marked Sarah Jezebel Deva 's debut with the band , replacing Andrea Meyer , Cradle 's first female vocalist and self-styled '' satanic advisor '' .
Solomon 's father was David , king of the united Kingdom of Israel with Bathsheba .
Ugo Ferrante -LRB- Vercelli 18 July 1945 -- 29 November 2004 -RRB- was an Italian footballer .
'' The Black Parade '' at Metacritic They have since finished recording their fourth studio album , Danger Days : The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys .
On the average , space is observed to be very nearly flat -LRB- close to zero curvature -RRB- , meaning that Euclidean geometry is experimentally true with high accuracy throughout most of the Universe .
In response , a fund was launched to help raise the costs of its repair .
The following week , Stone Cold Steve Austin was announced as the guest referee for the match .
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry -LRB- -RRB- is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to scientists in the various fields of chemistry .
Located in Southern Brazil , the humid city lies in a temperate zone .
The Deûme passes through Saint-Marcel and flows into the Cance with Annonay .
Earlier , Nazi Germany had provided support for the Austrian National Socialist Party -LRB- Austrian Nazi Party -RRB- in its bid to seize power from Austria 's Austrofascist leadership .
The same program in its human-readable source code form , from which executable programs are derived -LRB- e.g. , compiled -RRB- , enables a programmer to study and develop its algorithms .
Teletype machine operators , as early as 1973 , and probably long before that date , used '' emoticons '' to express themselves .
Large granular lymphocytes include natural killer cells -LRB- NK cells -RRB- .
1901 & ndash ; Stella Adler , American actress -LRB- d. 1992 -RRB-
In 2009 Wojtaszek finished second in the Polish championship , shared second with Michael Roiz at the international tournament in Lublin and won the Najdorf memorial played in Warsaw .
Cincinnati Reds -LRB- 1890 & ndash ; -RRB-
Water vapor can be produced from the evaporation or boiling of liquid water or from the sublimation of ice .
Tom and Jerry Tales is an animated television series which began production in 2005 , and aired until the spring of 2008 on The CW 's The CW4Kids block .
August 14 & ndash ; Philip I , Duke of Brabant -LRB- b. 1404 -RRB-
No single feature distinguishes Annelids from other invertebrate phyla , but they have a distinctive combination of features .
The Midwestern United States -LRB- in the U.S. generally referred to as the Midwest -RRB- is one of the four geographic regions within the United States of America used by the United States Census Bureau in its reporting .
In 1953 , London Transport used the tramway to store 120 unused buses and coaches in case they were needed for the Coronation but proposals to convert the tramway subway to a car park or a film studio failed and it was leased out as a storage facility from October 1957 .
The total area is 125.15 km which gives a population density of 42 inhabitants per km .
While Councillors are forbidden by law to hold any other post during their term of office , it is not unusual for them to accept lucrative business engagements after leaving office , e.g. , directorships on the boards of major Swiss corporations .
The 1900 Summer Olympics , today officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1900 in Paris , France .
Cork is an impermeable , buoyant material , a prime-subset of generic cork tissue that is harvested for commercial use primarily from Quercus suber -LRB- the Cork Oak -RRB- , which is endemic to southwest Europe and northwest Africa .
One of the reasons for the shifting trends is attributed to the moving of film-making industry to Lahore , locally termed as Lollywood .
In 1944 Meher Baba moved his residence north to Meherazad located 24 k away on the other side of Ahmedagar .
The album was re-release on June 2 , 2008 and made the album soar from 124 to 7 on the Billboard 200 , selling 63,000 copies and having a 930 % sales increases .
In the north the Marzahn locality includes the neighborhoods of BÃ 1\/4 rknersfelde and Ahrensfelde , an overbuilt strip of land which once had belonged to the Brandenburg municipality of Ahrensfelde and was incorporated into Berlin in 1990 .
It lies near to the border with Wales .
Dave Attell -LRB- born January 18 , 1965 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian and the host of Comedy Central 's Insomniac with Dave Attell and The Gong Show with Dave Attell .
After the death of President Paul von Hindenburg on 2 August 1934 , Hitler assumed the office of ReichsprÃ sident , and thus became commander in chief .
His brother , Benjamin Zimmer , is a linguist .
Joan Waste -LRB- 1534 - 1 August 1556 -RRB- was a blind woman who was burned in Derby for refusing to renounce her Protestant faith .
Some crayfish suffer from a disease called crayfish plague .
The International Federation of Association Football -LRB- French : Fédération Internationale de Football Association -RRB- , commonly known by the acronym FIFA -LRB- usual -RRB- , is the international governing body of association football , futsal and beach soccer .
World War I During World War I , he participated in the Caucasus Campaign and was appointed as general of the Armenian volunteer units of the Russian army .
Because of its location outside the jurisdiction of the City of London , the area developed as a location for activities and entertainment that were prohibited , and was the location of the Globe Theatre .
There was reportedly a span of time when the bodies of the victims were left largely unattended in the truck , in the basement and in the corridor of the house .
Cover versions Classic Case did a cover of '' Fell on Black Days '' on the band 's 2006 EP , Black Unicorn Split .
In July 2007 , having earned an estimated total of $ 33 million in the past 12 months , Forbes magazine named her the world 's top-earning model in the list of the World 's 15 Top-Earning Supermodels .
Endemic types or species are especially likely to develop on biologically isolated areas such as islands because of their geographical isolation .
Merseyside is divided into two parts by the Mersey Estuary , the Wirral is located on the west side of the estuary , upon the Wirral Peninsula and the rest of the county is located on the east side of the estuary .
His father put him in a wagon , drove him half way back to the academy , and left him on the roadside , never saying a word .
In particular , the plate carrée has become a de-facto standard for computer applications that process global maps , such as Celestia and NASA World Wind , because of the particularly simple relationship between the position of an image pixel on the map and its corresponding geographic location on Earth .
The field also includes studies of earthquake effects , such as tsunamis as well as diverse seismic sources such as volcanic , tectonic , oceanic , atmospheric , and artificial processes -LRB- such as explosions -RRB- .
Gadzhi Gadzhiev -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born 28 October 1945 -RRB- is a Russian football manager , currently coaching Anzhi Makhachkala .
It was released on November 24 , 1998 through Elektra Records .
T-Mobile is a group of mobile phone corporate subsidiaries -LRB- all under the ownership of Deutsche Telekom -RRB- that operate GSM and UMTS networks in Europe and the United States .
Section 116 establishes what is often called '' freedom of religion '' , by forbidding the Commonwealth from making any law for the establishment of a religion , imposing any religious observance , or prohibiting the exercise of a religion , or religious discrimination for public office .
This resulted in a series of reports under the general title Studies in Crop Variation .
Scientists also use a penetrometer to measure how much moisture is in soil .
Hamit Alt ntop -LRB- born 8 December 1982 -RRB- is a Turkish professional footballer .
The Holst Library is connected to the Maltings . Many of the original contents were donated by Imogen Holst , who was a close friend of Benjamin Britten and an artistic director of the Aldeburgh Festival from 1956 to 1977 , and it was named the Gustav Holst Library as a memorial to her father .
South Australia chose to continue with the Union Flag as National flag until 1956 , when schools were given the option of using either the Union or Australian flags .
GB # 7.994 billion -LRB-/O2010/O-RRB-
Sometimes it is said to be derived from the Greek histos ` anything set upright ' -LRB- as the masts of a ship , the bar of a loom , or the vertical bars of a histogram -RRB- ; and gramma ` drawing , record , writing ' .
The classical scheme of the Twelve Olympians -LRB- the Canonical Twelve of art and poetry -RRB- comprises the following gods : Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Demeter , Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , Artemis , Hestia .
Stone Town , Zanzibar
Muslims are also discouraged from wearing clothing with distracting images and symbols so as not to divert the attention of those standing behind them during prayer .
British Rail produced a variety of Railbuses as a means both of building new rolling stock cheaply , and to provide services on lightly used lines economically .
Vodka -LRB- , , horilka , , -RRB- is a distilled beverage and one of the world 's most popular liquors .
He has played featured or starring roles in films including The Squid and the Whale , Adventureland and Zombieland .
According to Josephus , Herod 's defeat was popularly believed to be divine punishment for his execution of John the Baptist .
Brighton , Baltimore , Maryland
According to various resources , statins are the most commonly used and effective forms of medication for the treatment of high cholesterol .
The Battle of Zama , fought around October 19 , 202 BC , marked the final and decisive end of the Second Punic War .
Two subsequent re-recordings of the song to raise further money for charity also topped the charts .
In 1879 , the family 's financial situation improved and , after his Abitur exam , Grabowski studied philosophy and natural science at the University of Breslau in Breslau -LRB- now Wroc aw -RRB- .
In an ironic final twist for a man whose life was dedicated to the remembrance of millions of victims of genocide , only seven people attended his funeral .
After World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- bought all of Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- 's assets in 2003 , the company began releasing DVDs promoting the original ECW .
The lifetime earnings gap between males and females was the smallest for those individuals holding an Associate degrees with male life-time earnings being 27.77 % higher than those of females .
Saint-Martin-de-Conn Ã e is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Chicago blues is a form of blues music that developed in Chicago , Illinois by taking the basic acoustic guitar and harmonica-based Delta blues and adding electrically amplified guitar , amplified bass guitar , drums , piano , and sometimes saxophone , and making the harmonica louder with a microphone and an instrument amplifier .
The Saturn Award is an award presented annually by the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy & Horror Films to honor the top works in science fiction , fantasy , and horror in film , television , and home video .
The metal turns yellow when exposed to air .
Though officially exhibition fights , the UFC chooses to record the results of semi-final matchups .
Weippe -LRB- pronounced -RRB- is a city in Clearwater County , Idaho , United States .
Janet Wood Reno -LRB- born July 21 , 1938 -RRB- is a former Attorney General of the United States -LRB- 1993 â '' 2001 -RRB- .
The 1980 Formula One season included the 31st FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on January 13 , 1980 , and ended on October 5 after fourteen races .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road -LRB- open desert , sand dunes and beaches -RRB- , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
Computer System engineers usually have training in electronic engineering , software design and hardware-software integration instead of only software engineering or electronic engineering .
RVD 's title reign is not listed in the official European title history on WWE 's official website , but is acknowledged in RVD 's profile and in WWE 's official encyclopedia -LRB- It should be noted that despite the fact that RVD also won and merged the WWE Hardcore Championship in the same fashion , he is recognized as the final Hardcore Champion in WWE 's website -RRB- .
Samantha '' Sam '' Manson -LRB- voiced by Grey DeLisle -RRB- : Danny 's other best friend .
In March 2008 , McLean performed his first two solo shows -LRB- as himself -RRB- at the Anaheim House of Blues and The Roxy in Los Angeles .
The season of colorful Russian ballets and operas , works mostly new to the West , was a great success .
It is located in landscape park Ä eskÃ stÅ edohoÅ Ã on the right side of river Labe .
Volapük -LRB- , OED -RRB- is a constructed language , created in 1879 -- 1880 by Johann Martin Schleyer , a Roman Catholic priest in Baden , Germany .
In other countries , such as the United Kingdom , Germany and India , the MD is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate .
The period ended in 1573 when the 15th and last shogun Ashikaga Yoshiaki was driven out of the capital in Kyoto by Oda Nobunaga .
For each integer m -RRB- 2 there is a code with m parity bits and 2 ^ m-m-1 data bits .
This is a list of the counties of the United Kingdom .
The club was founded in 1913 , and was the first Israeli club to qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League .
Ants became dominant after adaptive radiation at the beginning of the Tertiary period .
He died in the Spanish Civil War , on the first day of conflict in Barcelona , during the bloody fighting over the Atarazanas barracks .
As of 2010 , the FDIC insures deposits at 7,723 institutions .
Issues such as logistics , the coordination of different teams , and automatic control of machinery become more difficult when dealing with large , complex projects .
Domingo Jonhy Vega Urzúa -LRB- December 24 , 1977 , Arica , Chile -RRB- , commonly known as Américo , is a Chilean singer .
The caracal , despite sometimes being called Persian lynx or African lynx , does not belong to this genus .
Andalusia is a city in and the county seat of Covington County , Alabama , United States .
He was drafted as the 15th overall pick -LRB- 1st round -RRB- of the 1994 NFL Draft by the L.A. Rams .
The Pocking Solar Park is a 10 megawatt -LRB- MWp -RRB- solar power plant .
Port wine -LRB- also known as Vinho do Porto , Porto , and often simply Port -RRB- is a Portuguese fortified wine from the Douro Valley in the northern provinces of Portugal .
Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth 's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time , and are separated from one another by geologic features , such as oceans , broad deserts , or high mountain ranges , that formed barriers to plant and animal migration .
Oedipus -LRB- in American English and in British English ; Greek : Oidípous meaning '' swollen-footed '' -RRB- was a mythical Greek king of Thebes .
August 10 -- 11 & ndash ; Battle of Dupplin Moor : The Balliol rebels and the English defeat the loyalists of David II in Scotland .
The International Auxiliary Language Association -LRB- IALA -RRB- was founded in 1924 to '' promote widespread study , discussion and publicity of all questions involved in the establishment of an auxiliary language , together with research and experiment that may hasten such establishment in an intelligent manner and on stable foundations . ''
Alexander Auld -LRB- born January 7 , 1981 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
For the name Vighnesha , see : patron of arts and sciences , and the deva of intellect and wisdom .
History The Smithsonian Institution was founded for the '' increase and diffusion '' of knowledge from a bequest to the United States by the British scientist James Smithson -LRB- 1765 -- 1829 -RRB- , who had never visited the United States himself .
Year 1912 -LRB- MCMXII -RRB- was a leap year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Sunday of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar .
Isabella Mary Beeton -LRB- née Mayson -RRB- -LRB- 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 -RRB- , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
The 4-storey Junior Block was built in 1997 .
Meowth also appears in the Nintendo 64 game PokÃ mon Snap , the Nintendo GameCube game PokÃ mon Channel , and many others .
Computer icon , a pictogram used in a graphical user interface
The Pevensie children help Aslan save Narnia from the evil White Witch , who has reigned over the kingdom of Narnia for 100 years of perpetual winter .
Alexandra -LRB- -RRB- is the feminine form of the given name Alexander , which is a romanization of the Greek name -LRB- Alexandros -RRB- .
Kim Jong-nam -LRB- Korean : ê ì ë , Hanja : é ` æ # ç '' -RRB- -LRB- born May 10 , 1971 -RRB- , is the eldest son of Kim Jong-Il , ruler of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
Its Regimental Centre is located at Mansar , Attock District , Punjab .
1583 - On 17 December , the Godesburg is destroyed by Bavarian troops after Archbishop Gebhard Truchsess von Waldburg converted to Protestantism -LRB- see Cologne War -RRB- .
Saarlouis is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the middle of the Saarland , Germany .
All stored books are placed in : Category : Wikipedia : Books .
Mumbai is the commercial and entertainment capital of India , generating 5 % of India 's GDP , and accounting for 25 % of industrial output , 70 % of maritime trade in India -LRB- Mumbai Port Trust & JNPT -RRB- , and 70 % of capital transactions to India 's economy .
It is located south-west of Sydney on the Hume Highway and above sea-level .
'' NASDAQ '' originally stood for '' National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations , '' but the exchange 's official stance is that the acronym is obsolete .
A cultural center or cultural center is an organization , building or complex that promotes culture and arts .
Altair Gomes de Figueiredo , usually referred to as Altair -LRB- born January 22 , 1938 in Niterói , Brazil -RRB- was a football defender and a World Champion for Brazil in the 1962 World Cup .
It can also be a remark or question , typically disparaging -LRB- also called insinuation -RRB- , that works obliquely by allusion .
The overall structure of the charted regions of the Solar System consists of the Sun , four relatively small inner planets surrounded by a belt of rocky asteroids , and four gas giants surrounded by the outer Kuiper belt of icy objects .
8 Individual stages
It empties into the Gulf of Gonâve .
Wulff subsequently married an aide from the PM 's Office , Bettina KÃ rner -LRB- born 1973 in Hanover -RRB- , on 2008 in a low-key ceremony .
Having lost a fortune in operatic management , Handel gave up the business in 1740 .
Desdemona , Othello 's wife and daughter of Brabantio
Hearts of Iron is a grand strategy computer game developed by Paradox Interactive and published by Strategy First , set in the years 1936-1948 .
TfL produces a map indicating which stations are accessible , and since 2004 line maps indicate with a wheelchair symbol those stations that provide step-free access from street level .
Nippon Gakujutsu Shinkokai -LRB-/O1969/O-RRB- .
He completely abandoned the original intent of his trip and for several days he devoted himself to helping with the treatment and care for the wounded .
Rhythm game , or rhythm action , is a genre of music-themed action video games .
He conducted the premieres of two Wagner operas , Tristan und Isolde and Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg , in 1865 and 1868 respectively ; both were immensely successful .
Configurations include twisted-in wire -LRB- e.g. bottle brushes -RRB- , cylinders and disks -LRB- with bristles spread in one face or radially -RRB- .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
Staunton challenged Saint-Amant to a longer match to be played in Paris for a stake of Â # 100 , equivalent to about Â # 73,000 in 2006 's money .
Davidson and Chaudri identify '' transformation '' as the key feature of the genre .
There are almost forty species of dolphin in seventeen genera .
Bathing is the immersion of the body in a fluid , usually water or an aqueous solution .
Hal Smith voiced the lead character John Avery Whittaker in one of his favorite roles .
Culture and sport The town has Methodist , Roman Catholic and Church of England churches .
in 2001 , but split out a ninth , the Arabian leopard -LRB- P. p. nimr -RRB- .
Citizenship in the Community
Marfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The band continued their success with their third album Big Game .
The Communist Manifesto , originally titled Manifesto of the Communist Party is a short 1848 book written by the German Marxist political theorists Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels .
Haucourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Since the game port moved from dedicated expansion cards to sound cards about 1990 , these connectors usually double as connectors for MIDI instruments ; two of the redundant +5 V and GND pins of the original standard were rededicated to MIDI input and output to make this possible .
Diem 's refusal to enter into negotiations with North Vietnam about holding nationwide elections in 1956 , as had been stipulated by the Geneva Conference , would eventually lead to war breaking out again in South Vietnam in 1959 - the Second Indochina War .
Batman : Rise of Sin Tzu is a beat 'em up video game released for the PlayStation 2 , Nintendo GameCube , and Xbox consoles .
Attendances during the 2003 -- 04 season , Wimbledon 's last , were higher than those at AFC Wimbledon : Wimbledon averaged 4,751 at the National Hockey Stadium , compared to AFC Wimbledon 's 2,606 .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
Block is a member of the Authors Guild , Authors League of America , and the Writers Guild of America .
The increasing number of national teams in Africa left Ethiopia as one of the lowest ranked African national football teams .
The term cell growth is used in the contexts of cell development and cell division -LRB- reproduction -RRB- When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell -LRB- the '' mother cell '' -RRB- grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
, for example , discloses a method developed in 2001 to send emoticons over a cell phone using a drop down menu .
Preparations , impact and aftermath As Hurricane Boris was approaching Mexico , a tropical storm watch was issued for the coast between Manzanillo and Puerto Escondido on June 28 .
In 1935 , Robinson graduated from Washington Junior High School and enrolled at John Muir High School -LRB- Muir Tech -RRB- .
A stamp album is a book , often loose-leafed -LRB- to allow for expansion -RRB- , in which a collection of postage stamps may be stored and displayed .
Bhakkar -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ú 3\/4 Ú Ø , Seraiki Bakhar : Ø Ú Ú 3\/4 Ø -RRB- is the principal city of Bhakkar District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Oleg Oleksandrovich Prudius -LRB- ; ; Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius born on April 27 , 1972 -RRB- is a Russian American professional wrestler , also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov -LRB- -RRB- .
Bergstraße -LRB- '' Mountain Road '' -RRB- is the name of a mountainous theme route , and the area around it , stretching across the western edge of the Odenwald in southern Hesse and northern Baden-Württemberg , Germany .
Angered by the trick , the Devil went to pick up a large stone -LRB- called Teufelsstein , the Devil 's Stone -RRB- in order to smash the bridge to pieces .
The US Fish and Wildlife Service as well as the National Marine Fisheries Service are held responsible for classifying and protecting endangered species , yet , adding a particular species to the list is a long , controversial process and in reality it represents only a fraction of imperiled plant and animal life -LRB- Wilcove & Master , 2008 , p. 414 -RRB- .
Juan Carreño de Miranda -LRB- March 25 , 1614-October 3 , 1685 -RRB- was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period .
Guantánamo is the easternmost province of Cuba .
The Italian language is a minority language in Croatia , spoken by 0.46 % of the total Croatian population .
Narrative poetry is poetry that has a plot .
It became a separate district in Kalat Division on 30 June 1954 .
An Internship -LRB- formerly known as in-training -RRB- is a paid practical training and play a crucial role in the education program of IMI .
This implies that its size is exactly or approximately equal to 100 cents , a twelfth of an octave .
City council , a form of local government
Due to the Celtic heritage of many whites living in Appalachia , a series of prolonged violent engagements in late - nineteenth-century Kentucky and West Virginia were referred to commonly as feuds , a tendency that was partly due to the nineteenth-century popularity of William Shakespeare and Sir Walter Scott , both of whom wrote semihistorical accounts of blood feuds .
Here it should be assumed that the crankshaft with low second order vibration is used and the first order is balanced by a balance shaft .
Then Cogswell asked Gallaudet to travel to Europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the Braidwood family in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Tehran was the site of the Tehran Conference in 1943 , attended by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt , British Prime Minister Winston Churchill , and Soviet Premier Joseph Stalin .
James Tobin 's CV at the Cowles Foundation 's website
The Bastille originated as the Saint-Antoine gate , but from 1370 -- 1383 this gate was extended to create a fortress to defend the east end of Paris and the Hôtel Saint-Pol royal palace .
To outline the beginning of the 3rd century of its watchmaking the company created Patrimony - the world 's thinnest watch which had only 5.25 mm thickness .
The current Taoiseach is Brian Cowen , TD , who was appointed on 7 May 2008 .
While the Czechs were allowed to compete at the highest pool -LRB- A -RRB- , the IIHF ruled that because fewer players of the former Czechoslovak team were Slovaks , Slovakia would be required to start international play in Pool C/O. However , Slovakia 's play in the lower pools won it promotion to pool A by 1996 .
Pittodrie Stadium is an all-seated football stadium situated in the Scottish city of Aberdeen .
The building now known as the Stockholm Stock Exchange Building was built for the bourgeoisie .
Zsa Zsa Gabor was born as Sári Gábor -LRB- Sári is the diminutive for the Hungarian first name Sára \/O/ Sarolta -RRB- in Budapest -LRB- then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire -RRB- , the middle daughter of Vilmos Gábor -LRB- 1884 -- 1962 -RRB- , a soldier , and Jolie Gábor -LRB- 1894 -- 1997 -RRB- .
The Moses Mabhida Stadium is a stadium in Durban , South Africa , named after Moses Mabhida , a former General Secretary of the South African Communist Party .
Caesium or cesium -LRB- -RRB- is the chemical element with the symbol Cs and atomic number 55 .
FIFA objected to the president 's decision and threatened to evict Nigeria from the association .
For example , a forensic autopsy is carried out when the cause of death may be a criminal matter , while a clinical or academic autopsy is performed to find the medical cause of death and is used in cases of unknown or uncertain death , or for research purposes .
Throughout most of Christianity 's history , corporate Christian worship has been primarily liturgical , characterized by prayers and hymns , with texts rooted in , or closely related to , the Scripture , particularly the Psalter ; this form of sacramental and ceremonial worship is still practiced by the Roman Catholic , Eastern Orthodox , and Anglican churches , as well as some Protestant denominations such as Lutheranism and Methodism .
The word canon can have several different meanings .
Chelmsford is a local government district and borough in Essex , England .
Retrieved on May 12 , 2010 .
Tamarind -LRB- Tamarindus indica -RRB- -LRB- from Latinization of Arabic : tamar Hindi '' Indian Date '' -RRB- is a tree in the family Fabaceae .
The Vostok 1 mission was the first time anyone had journeyed into outer space and the first time anyone had entered into orbit .
Religious , or , less frequently , other ceremonial rites -LRB- e.g. Baptism , Mikvah -RRB-
In 1959 he graduated from Askanaz Mravyan school and in 1960 he was admitted into the Physics Department of Moscow State University .
1944 & ndash ; World War II : The 900-day Siege of Leningrad is lifted .
Augustine of Hippo -LRB- November 13 , 354 â '' August 28 , 430 -RRB- , also known as Augustine , St. Augustine , St. Austin , St. Augoustinos , Blessed Augustine , or St. Augustine the Blessed , was Bishop of Hippo Regius -LRB- present-day Annaba , Algeria -RRB- .
Lions live for around 10 -- 14 years in the wild , while in captivity they can live over 20 years .
After his death his retainers bury him in a tumulus in Geatland .
Korea University -LRB- ê ë ë í ê ; é '' é -- å å æ -RRB- is a nonsectarian , private research university located primarily in Seoul , South Korea , and one of the SKY universities , a historical acronym used in South Korea to refer to Seoul National University , Korea University , and Yonsei University .
Young persuaded his police authority to fund a building program that in six years would provide a police house for every married man in the county force ; the design and equipping of these houses was agreed between the county architects and a '' housing committee '' , recruited through the county Police Federation , not only of men of all ranks but , at Young 's insistence , of officers ' wives .
The Jewish Virtual Library also contains the Israel advocacy text '' Myths and Facts '' , edited by Mitchell Bard , in several languages .
The train was occupied by senior year pupils of a Radevormwald middle school , their teachers and accompanying railway staff , on the return journey from a class outing in Bremen .
It is currently the unit used for speed limits , and speeds , on roads in the United Kingdom and United States .
Botkin went into exile with the Romanovs following the Russian Revolution of 1917 and was murdered with the family at Ekaterinburg on 17 July 1918 .
Placing Australia in the latter category -LRB- even though arguments can be made whether it is technically a continent , or merely part of a larger continent also called Australia -RRB- makes Greenland the largest island .
Roberts drew from several outside sources several parts of the plot , for example the allusion to the star of Wormwood from the Book of Revelation .
Soon after , the duo released their debut album Day by Day on December 9 , 1999 , and made their first official television appearance two days later .
--
The original Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Elektrochemistry , founded in 1911 , was incorporated in the Max Planck Society and simultaneously renamed for its first director , Fritz Haber , in 1953 .
Plumetot is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
After leading Israel to victory in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War , Ben-Gurion helped build the state institutions and oversaw the absorption of vast numbers of Jews from all over the world .
The posthumous name is commonly used when naming royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
Marilyn Quayle , wife of Dan Quayle .
218 BC & ndash ; Second Punic War : Battle of the Trebia & ndash ; Hannibal 's Carthaginian forces defeat those of the Roman Republic .
Descendants of Victoria Queen Victoria was married to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha son of Duke Ernst I of the small German duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Absinthe is derived from the Latin absinthium , which in turn is the latinisation of the Greek á 1\/4 Ï Î Î 1\/2 Î Î Î Î 1\/2 -LRB- apsÃ nthion -RRB- , '' wormwood '' .
World Poverty and Human Rights : Cosmopolitan Responsibilities and Reforms
The Rt Hon Gordon Brown MP , leader of the Labour Party , has been Prime Minister , First Lord of the Treasury and Minister for the Civil Service since 27 June 2007 .
I waited until he came back .
Stage6 was a video sharing website owned and operated by DivX , Inc. , where users could upload , share , and view video clips .
governor , to be replaced by his son , Stafford Smythe .
In computational complexity theory , the Cook -- Levin theorem , also known as Cook 's theorem , states that the Boolean satisfiability problem is NP-complete .
European explorers reached the district in 1822 -LRB- Kearns , Marsh and Packer -RRB- .
The curved path of a river around a bend causes the surface of the water to be slightly higher on the outside of the river bend than on the inside .
See Martin Esslin 's book for one perspective on Genet 's relationship both to Artaud 's ` Theatre of Cruelty ' and to Esslin 's own Theatre of the Absurd .
The Battle of Leipzig or Battle of the Nations , on 16 â '' 19 October 1813 , was fought by the coalition armies of Russia , Prussia , Austria and Sweden against the French army of Napoleon Bonaparte .
The informants were publicly punished and banished from the city , and Titus further prevented abuses by introducing legislation that made it unlawful for persons to be tried under different laws for the same offense .
Kyle Davis Richardson -LRB- born March 2 , 1973 in Farmington , Missouri -RRB- is a former National Football League punter .
The controversial pit entry at Singapore was then modified ahead of Saturday 's official Qualifying round by extending the pit entry line away from the pits .
At a small scale , the surface is varied and consists of small , bright frost deposits at the tops of elevations , surrounded by a low-lying , smooth blanket of dark material .
The Adur is a river in Sussex , England ; it gives its name to the Adur district of West Sussex .
Journalistic objectivity can refer to fairness , disinterestedness , factuality , and nonpartisanship , but most often encompasses all of these qualities .
Emanuel Pogatetz -LRB- born 16 January 1983 in Graz -RRB- is an Austrian football player who currently plays for Hannover 96 as a defender .
The Province of L'Aquila -LRB- Provincia dell ` Aquila -RRB- is the largest , most mountainous and least densely populated province of the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
After releasing their debut album Prayers of Steel and their Depraved to Black EP in 1985 , the band changed their name to Rage because there was another band in England that also carried the moniker .
Thus the smaller the context the smaller is the latency .
Along the entire Texas coast , hurricane warnings were put into effect , causing a large evacuation of low-lying areas .
Judaism regards itself as the religion of the descendants of Jacob , grandson of Abraham , the direct descendant of Shem , the favored son of Noah , who founded the human race following the Flood .
The Leeward Islands -LRB- subdivision administrative des Ã les Sous-le-vent -RRB- are one of French Polynesia 's five administrative subdivisions . The administrative subdivision is identical with the electoral district of the Leeward Islands , one of French Polynesia 's 6 electoral districts for the Assembly of French Polynesia -LRB- see also Politics of French Polynesia -RRB- .
Although the format of the show and the cast -LRB- and ages -RRB- of characters have varied significantly over the years , the most familiar versions of the show feature a talking dog named Scooby Doo and four teenagers or young adults : Fred '' Freddie '' Jones , Daphne Blake , Velma Dinkley , and Norville '' Shaggy '' Rogers .
A pioneer of television news broadcasting , Murrow produced a series of TV news reports that helped lead to the censure of Senator Joseph McCarthy .
It is commonly stated as : '' Bad money drives out good '' , but is more accurately stated : '' Bad money drives out good if their exchange rate is set by law . ''
Strictly speaking , voice is also a physiological trait because every person has a different vocal tract , but voice recognition is mainly based on the study of the way a person speaks , commonly classified as behavioral .
The tread depth or length is measured from the edge of the nosing to the vertical riser .
La Fresnaye-sur-Ch édouet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The pastoral industry made a cautious start in the Top End .
It has been most commonly identified in classical music , developing strongly during the Renaissance and in much of the common practice period , especially in Baroque music .
Saskatoon is host to a number of live theater venues such as the Persephone Theatre , which is located in the Remai Arts Centre at River Landing in downtown Saskatoon , The Refinery and the Saskatchewan Native Theatre Company . Saskatoon is also home to performance groups such as , Shakespeare on the Saskatchewan , Live Five , Troup du Jour , Saskatoon Gateway Players , Saskatoon Summer Players .
Anguillidae -LRB- freshwater eels -RRB-
Job Charnock , an administrator with the Company was traditionally credited as the founder of this city .
After losing its closed circulation over land , it reformed into Hurricane Juliette in the East Pacific .
Georg-Christof Bertsch -LRB- \* 30 May 1959 in Seeheim-Jugenheim -RRB- is a German Design Consultant and university lecturer .
Additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .
Edmund gently reminds Shasta that he should not eavesdrop , but is clear that all is well .
Survivor -LRB- U.S. TV series -RRB-
Compression efficiency is then the ratio of temperature rise at theoretical 100 percent -LRB- adiabatic -RRB- vs. actual -LRB- polytropic -RRB- .
In January 1964 , Miller 's play After The Fall opened , featuring a beautiful and devouring shrew named Maggie .
Other species of the genus Vaccinium include blueberries , bilberries , and huckleberries . Hybrids between Vaccinium vitis-idaea and Vaccinium myrtillus , named Vaccinium Ã -- intermedium Ruthe , are occasionally found in Europe .
He met the Danish composers J. P. E. Hartmann , and Niels Gade .
She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her work in Mogambo -LRB- 1953 -RRB- .
Ermine Street is the name of a major Roman road in England that ran from London -LRB- Londinium -RRB- to Lincoln -LRB- Lindum Colonia -RRB- and York -LRB- Eboracum -RRB- .
A broom is a cleaning tool consisting of stiff fibers attached to , and roughly parallel to , a cylindrical handle , the broomstick .
L. magnicristatus Sternberg , 1935
Cowpox is similar to but much milder than the highly contagious and sometimes deadly smallpox disease .
This is the law of conservation of energy .
Stewart Haas Racing , formerly known as Haas CNC Racing , is a NASCAR racing team based in Kannapolis , North Carolina , which runs Chevrolet Impalas .
Rhee was regarded as an anti-Communist and a strongman , and led South Korea through the Korean War .
This episode in the conquest and colonization of the Americas began in the early 16th century , but was a more difficult and lengthier exercise in subjugation than the equivalent campaigns against the Aztec and Inca Empires .
The Hopman Cup is an annual international team tennis tournament held in Perth , Western Australia in early January -LRB- sometimes commencing in late December -RRB- each year , which plays mixed teams on a country by country basis .
When Principal Skinner goes missing after punishing Bart in school , Bart is immediately accused of murdering him , resulting in his standing trial in court .
It is an S-type asteroid approximately 34.4 × 11.2 × 11.2 km in size , the second-largest near-Earth asteroid -LRB- NEA -RRB- after 1036 Ganymed , belonging to the Amors .
Many games help develop practical skills , serve as a form of exercise , or otherwise perform an educational , simulational , or psychological role .
Georgia -LRB- -RRB- is a state located in the southeastern United States .
A list of airports , sorted by ICAO code , is available .
Ducks are mostly aquatic birds , mostly smaller than the swans and geese , and may be found in both fresh water and sea water .
It features an acoustic performance taped at Sony Music Studios in New York City on November 18 , 1993 for the television series MTV Unplugged .
In 1969 Thomas made his conducting debut with the Boston Symphony Orchestra , replacing an unwell William Steinberg in mid-concert .
Manin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1965 , the capital of the Bechuanaland Protectorate moved from Mafeking to Gaberones .
The term '' innings '' is also sometimes used to describe an individual batsman 's contribution -LRB- '' he played a fine innings '' -RRB- .
His lasting reputation rests principally on the theory of literary criticism that he developed in Anatomy of Criticism -LRB-/O1957/O-RRB- , one of the most important works of literary theory published in the twentieth century .
Danish -LRB- dansk , -RRB- is a North Germanic language spoken by around 6 million people , principally in Denmark .
However , beginning in 2006 , the champions of the National League had been eligible for promotion to the K-League provided they had met certain criteria .
Mud volcanoes are often associated with petroleum deposits and tectonic subduction zones and orogenic belts ; hydrocarbon gases are often erupted . They are also often associated with lava volcanoes ; in the case of such close proximity , mud volcanoes emit incombustible gases including helium , whereas lone mud volcanoes are more likely to emit methane .
Woodman 's supervisor directs him to attend a private party hosted by the emir at his estate in Marbella , Spain to offer his company 's services .
The massif 's valleys open to the Tamesna plain on the east , to the Telemsi fosse on the west , to the western basin of the Azaouak valley on the south , and to the Tanezrouft on the north .
Engelbert Kraus -LRB- born 30 July 1934 -RRB- was a German football player .
But as archaeological sites dating to that time period are rare in Africa , palaeonthologist Curtis Marean analyzed information about the geologic formations , the sea currents , climate data and much more in order to pinpoint his research to destinations where it is most likely early modern man lived .
In his 19-year tenure with the Devils , he has led the team to three Stanley Cup championships and has taken them to the playoffs every year but one .
This ability to make macroscopic predictions based on microscopic properties is the main advantage of statistical mechanics over classical thermodynamics .
On September 29 , 1987 , The Uplift Mofo Party Plan was released , becoming the first Red Hot Chili Peppers album to appear on any chart .
-LRB- Wunn , 2000 , p. 434-435 -RRB-
The five primary classifications can be further divided into secondary classifications such as rain forest , monsoon , tropical savanna , humid subtropical , humid continental , oceanic climate , Mediterranean climate , steppe , subarctic climate , tundra , polar ice cap , and desert .
As of 2003 the university had approximately 65,000 students
There are about a billion or more bicycles in the world .
In the game , he threw for two touchdowns and a Super Bowl-record 414 passing yards , including a critical 73-yard touchdown to Isaac Bruce when the game was tied with just over two minutes to play .
The climate on Cape York Peninsula is tropical and monsoonal , with a heavy monsoon season from November to April , during which time the forest becomes almost inhabitable , and a dry season from May to October .
In 1776 , Bligh was selected by Captain James Cook for the position of Sailing Master on the Resolution and accompanied Captain Cook in July 1776 on Cook 's third and fatal voyage to the Pacific .
It is bordered by Melrose on the north , Stoneham on the northwest , Medford on the west , Everett on the south , Revere on the east , and Saugus on the northeast .
By 9 February , the Churchill fire complex was still burning out of control , with fronts through the Latrobe Valley and the Strzelecki Ranges .
The United Kingdom is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , a member of the G8 , NATO , OECD , WTO , Commonwealth of Nations , Council of Europe , and a member state of the European Union .
The Three Musketeers was first published in serial form in the newspaper Le SiÃ cle between March and July 1844 .
It was first administered in November 1959 by Everett Franklin Lindquist as a competitor to the College Board 's Scholastic Aptitude Test , now the SAT Reasoning Test .
Johannes Kepler -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- December 27 , 1571 -- November 15 , 1630 -RRB- was a German mathematician , astronomer and astrologer , and key figure in the 17th century scientific revolution .
Fulacunda is a town located in the Quinara Region of Guinea-Bissau .
David Sergio Trezeguet -LRB- ; born 15 October 1977 in Rouen , France -RRB- is a French footballer who currently plays for Hércules .
The Neolithic Revolution is the first agricultural revolution -- the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture and settlement .
Also , on April 2007 , they played a show in the Philippines , at the 7th Pulp Summer Slam , which featured them as the main act .
Shunsuke Tsutsumi is a Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
By default , separates some fields with periods , so do not encode those fields ending with a period or a duplicate period will be added .
Mary Patricia McAleese -LRB- ; Mary McAleese born 27 June 1951 -RRB- is the eighth and current President of Ireland .
It was the bloodiest single-day battle in American history , with about 23,000 casualties .
About the music commonly known as '' Pomp and Circumstance '' in the United States , see March No. 1 below .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 65 Union Councils .
Christians who specialise in evangelism are known as evangelists whether they are in their home communities or acting as missionaries in the field .
He attended the University of Minnesota , Class of 1932 , where he was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity .
The congress gave rise to the Treaty of Arras , which was signed in 1435 and became an important diplomatic achievement for the French in the closing years of the Hundred Years ' War .
Hay is usually fed to an animal in place of allowing the animal to graze on grasses in a pasture , particularly in the winter or during times when drought or other conditions make pasture unavailable .
They are above the Kreise , Landkreise , and kreisfreie StÃ dte .
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival -LRB- commonly known as Coachella or Coachella Festival -RRB- is a three-day -LRB- formerly a one or two-day -RRB- annual music and arts festival , organized by Goldenvoice -LRB- a subsidiary of AEG Live -RRB- and held at the Empire Polo Fields in Indio , California , in the Inland Empire 's Coachella Valley .
Stanislav '' Stan '' Mikita -LRB- born Stanislav Guoth on May 20 , 1940 -RRB- , known colloquially as '' Stosh '' , is a Slovak-born Canadian retired professional ice hockey player , generally regarded as the best center of the 1960s .
The Ediacaran Period -LRB- ; named after the Ediacara Hills of South Australia -RRB- is the last geological period of the Neoproterozoic Era and of the Proterozoic Eon , immediately preceding the Cambrian Period , the first period of the Paleozoic Era and of the Phanerozoic Eon .
From the time of her engagement to the Prince of Wales in 1981 until her death after a car accident in 1997 , Diana was one of the most famous women in the world -- a pre-eminent celebrity of her generation .
Two years , in 1926 , he published Cousas . He traveled to Brittany in 1928 to study stone crosses and publish As Cruces de Pedra na BretaÃ a/O. That is also the year when his only son dies at the age of 14 .
Coldplay 's alternative rock style has been compared to Radiohead and Oasis .
Elosaurus Peterson & Gilmore , 1902
Three years later , with their heroes from 1942 dwindling -LRB- due to either age , health , or the war -RRB- , the Leafs turned to lesser-known players like rookie goalie Frank McCool and defenceman Babe Pratt .
In the second half of the 19th century , modern chess tournament play began , and the first world Chess Championship was held in 1886 .
There are different kinds of abrasive garnets which can be divided based on their origin .
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation -LRB- Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation , with hyphen , from 1935 to 1985 -RRB- , also known as 20th Century Fox , or simply 20th or Fox , is one of the six major American film studios .
The male of the nominate subspecies , which is found throughout most of Europe , is all black except for a yellow eye-ring and bill and has a rich melodious song ; the adult female and juvenile have mainly dark brown plumage .
Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends is an American animated television series created and produced at Cartoon Network Studios and Boulder Media by animator Craig McCracken , creator of The Powerpuff Girls .
Ollezy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Luigi 's Mansion begins with Luigi having won a mansion in a contest .
This series ended with TV movie Leroy & Stitch , which was released on June 27 , 2006 .
Francesco Rizzo -LRB- born 30 May 1943 -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer .
He holds the record for the greatest number of career goals in The Football League , 434 from 619 games .
See also Black Death Bubonic Plague Extreme weather events of 535-536 Epidemics Justinian I List of historical plagues Medieval demography Pestilence Plague of Emmaus Third Pandemic References Primary sources Edward Walford , translator , The Ecclesiastical History of Evagrius : A History of the Church from AD 431 to AD 594 , 1846 .
A turning point in the town 's history was the disastrous fire of May 11 , 1899 which destroyed most of the town - more than 400 houses , including many Jewish businesses and homes .
Nîmes -LRB- Provençal Occitan : Nimes -RRB- is a city in southern France .
Kamuzu International Airport , located about 35 km north of Lilongwe in the suburb of Lumbadzi , offers local turbo-prop
A 2005 study by Sankar Chatterjee suggested that the wings of Microraptor functioned like a split-level '' biplane '' , and that it likely employed a phugoid style of gliding , in which it would launch from a perch and swoop downward in a ` U ' shaped curve , then lift again to land on another tree , with the tail and hind wings helping to control its position and speed .
Throughout most of his career , he was accompanied by his high school sweetheart Tammy Lynn Sytch .
Poland regained its independence as the Second Polish Republic in 1918 , but two decades later in September 1939 it was occupied by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union , triggering World War II .
Herbert Backe -LRB- 1 May 1896 â '' 6 April 1947 -RRB- was a German Nazi politician and ObergruppenfÃ 1\/4 hrer in the SS .
The kidneys also function as a part of the endocrine system producing erythropoietin and calcitriol .
Dreieich is a town in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse , Germany .
He was appointed as Secretary of State for International Development on 12 May 2010 , and as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010 .
Born in Kansas , Dunham spent her childhood in California , Oklahoma , Texas and Kansas and her teenage years in Mercer Island , Washington , and much of her adult life in Hawaii and Indonesia .
Le Guin has received five Hugo awards and six Nebula awards , and was awarded the Gandalf Grand Master award in 1979 and the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Grand Master Award in 2003 .
A key element of the power of the Wallachian nobility was their connections in the Saxon-populated autonomous towns of Transylvania , so Vlad acted against these cities by eliminating their trade privileges in relation with Wallachia and by organizing raids against them .
Karl Marginson
Penalty shootouts , properly named kicks from the penalty mark , are a method sometimes used to decide which team progresses to the next stage of a tournament -LRB- or wins the tournament -RRB- following a draw in a game of association football .
Italians Italian settlers started arriving in Santa Catarina in 1875 and immigrated in large numbers until the 1910s .
From 1957 to 1964 , he was artistic director of the Vienna State Opera .
The title is taken from a sound effects track from Blake 's 7 on BBC Sound Effects No. 26 - Sci-Fi Sound Effects titled '' The Core , A Huge Evergrowing Pulsating Brain which Rules from the Centre of Ultraworld '' .
Exiled to France , the '' Queen over the water '' â '' as Jacobites -LRB- followers of James II -RRB- called Maryâ '' lived with her husband and children in the ChÃ cents teau de Saint-Germain-en-Laye , provided by Louis XIV of France .
The people ignored the order to disperse , whereupon the General gave the signal to fire with muskets and cannons , resulting in a massacre of the demonstrators .
John Mann -LRB- L -RRB-
Between chukkas , the players switch to fresh ponies .
This is surrounded by a lotus of eight petals , a lotus of sixteen petals , and an earth square resembling a temple with four doors .
PCLinuxOS is also designed to be easy to remaster after installation , creating one 's own personalized Live CD , using the mklivecd tool .
Prior to the 2007 general election , the then Leader of the Opposition , Kevin Rudd , said that he and he alone would choose the ministry should he become Prime Minister .
The emotional bond between siblings is often complicated and is influenced by factors such as parental treatment , birth order , personality , and personal experiences outside the family .
James Benjamin Peake -LRB- born June 18 , 1944 -RRB- is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
Nouakchott -LRB- Arabic : or -LRB- believed translation from Berber '' The place of the winds '' , Naw k -RRB- -RRB- is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania .
The oldest member of the House of Wettin who is known for certain is Dietrich I von Wettin , also known as Thiedericus , or as Thierry I of Liesgau -LRB- died c. 982 -RRB- .
Kryptos is a sculpture by American artist James Sanborn located on the grounds of the Central Intelligence Agency -LRB- CIA -RRB- in Langley , Virginia , USA .
In March 2008 , he made his debut with the San Francisco Symphony .
After some time had passed , with Konoe all the while lavishing all his affection on the beautiful Tamamo-no-Mae , the Emperor suddenly and mysteriously fell ill/O. .
It is marketed today as a toy for children , but was originally created by accident during research into potential rubber substitutes for use by the United States in World War II .
The nation with the highest number of sites is the United Kingdom at 168 .
Train station a station for railway or railroad trains .
Mesobatrachia
Italian was the official language of Malta until 1934 , when English and Maltese replaced it .
Joseph Stalin 's Great Purge started at about the same time the Laskers arrived in the USSR .
The oldest discovered bricks , originally made from shaped mud and dating to before 7500 B.C. were found at Tell Aswad then later in the upper Tigris region and in southeast Anatolia close to Diyarbakir .
Avoidance will make it impossible for an explosion or deflagration to occur , for instance by means of consistent displacement of the O2 necessary for an explosion or deflagration to take place , by means of padding gas -LRB- f. i. CO2 or N2 -RRB- , or , by means of keeping the concentration of flammable content of an atmosphere consistently below or above the explosive limit , or , by means of consistent elimination of ignition sources .
In 1919 cellist Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Grützmacher -LRB- 1866-1919 -RRB- , the nephew of Friedrich Wilhelm Grützmacher , died , and Klengel recommended Feuermann for Grützmacher 's position at the Gürzenich Conservatory in Cologne .
The menhir of Simandre-sur-Suran dates from this era .
Prior to this , the theme song for the Raw brand was '' ... To Be Loved '' by Papa Roach , which had been used since October 9 , 2006 and '' Across The Nation '' by The Union Underground which was used from April 1 , 2002 to October 2 , 2006 .
Pallone col bracciale or simply bracciale was particularly popular throughout Italy and it was considered the most popular sport of ancient Italian national sports since the 16th century and its first official regulations invented by Antonio Scaino from Salò date back to 1555 .
It takes place seven years after the end of Silence of the Lambs and starts with Lecter residing in Florence , Italy , while Mason Verger , one of his surviving victims , attempts to capture him , intending to feed him to his pigs .
She originated the role of Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children , winning the 1995 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series .
Warne 's elevation is 1,736 feet -LRB- 529 m -RRB- .
Water potential , denoted , in physical chemistry , the potential energy of a water solution relative to pure water
During this time she worked on the family farm , and also at a local bank as a janitor and bookkeeper .
Bobby Lashley tells WrestlingNewsWorld.com he 's finished with WWE WWE announced that Lashley was released from his WWE contract on February 4 , 2008 .
Over his lifetime , a man 's risk of testicular cancer is roughly 1 in 250 -LRB- 0.4 % -RRB- .
She began to immerse herself in national affairs as civil war loomed on the horizon , and was compelled to seek refuge in France in 1644 , following the birth of her youngest daughter , Henrietta during the height of the First English Civil War .
Classical music regularly features in pop culture , forming background music for movies , television programs and advertisements .
Germany In Germany the Official Municipality Key serves statistical purposes and is issued by the statistics offices of individual German states .
After the decay of the Fatimid political system in the 1160s , the Zengid ruler NÅ '' r ad-D Ä '' n had his general Shirkuh , seize Egypt from the vizier Shawar in 1169 .
His coronation took place in Westminster Abbey .
It 's a Doll 's Life , Ariel Hirschfeld , HaaretzIn ancient times , dolls were used as representations of a deity , and played a central role in religious ceremonies and rituals .
5566 's debut and sudden rise to popularity has been a controversial topic .
For the Biblical location , please see : Ænon
In 1869 Sacher-Masoch conceived a grandiose series of short stories under the collective title Legacy of Cain that would represent the author 's aesthetic Weltanschauung .
1933 ; pg 211 It comprises four movements : an opening sonata allegro , an andante , and a fast scherzo which leads attacca to the finale .
Shawcross , p. 192 Six shots were fired at her from close range as she rode down The Mall .
In the widest sense of the word it covers anything that can be used in combat that includes bombs , missiles , warheads , and mines -LRB- landmines , naval mines , and anti-personnel mines -RRB- -- that munitions factories manufacture .
'' Faker '' redirects here .
Some scientists and engineers have expressed reservations about nuclear power , including : Barry Commoner , S. David Freeman , John Gofman , Arnold Gundersen , Mark Z. Jacobson , Amory Lovins , Arjun Makhijani , Gregory Minor , and Joseph Romm .
It is distinguished from geriatrics , which is the branch of medicine that studies the diseases of the elderly .
Trattoria Records Traum Schallplatten Trauma Records Trax Records Tres Records Treibstoff Recordings Trekky Records trend is dead !
Not only did he discover the island , but he was forced to spend the winter at what is now called '' Winter Harbour '' , until August 1 , 1820 owing to freeze-up of the sea .
After The Downward Spirals release , Reznor produced an accompanying remix album entitled Further Down the Spiral , the only non-major NIN release to be certified gold in the United States .
Lance K. McNaught -LRB- born March 2 , 1981 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , best known for wrestling on the Raw brand of World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- under the ring name Lance Cade .
In his old age , he moved to StarÄ eviÄ House -LRB- StarÄ eviÄ ev dom -RRB- , built for him by the Croatian people in 1895 .
According to inclusive fitness theory , eusociality may be easier for species like ants to evolve , due to their haplodiploidy , which facilitates the operation of kin selection .
In the most common interpretation of the poem , Blake implies that a visit of Jesus would briefly create heaven in England , in contrast to the '' dark Satanic Mills '' of the Industrial Revolution .
A documented performance at Manchester Evening News Arena on December 6 , 2007 , was released as a DVD on June 17 , 2008 , containing behind the scenes footage and four live performances from her tours , and was housed in a digipak .
The city was a major trade center , specializing in jade , pyrite and obsidian .
When a character dies , it becomes a ghost -- or wisp for Night Elf characters -- at a nearby graveyard .
Corvus contains no Messier objects .
The river acted as a communication way for the trade of agricultural products , together with the local amphorae .
All PokÃ mon have hit points -LRB- HP -RRB- ; when a PokÃ mon 's HP is reduced to zero , it faints and can not battle unless revived with a PokÃ mon skill or item .
In an interview with Spin on February 11 , 2011 , Kesha announced she had co-written a song with Dr. Luke and Max Martin titled '' Till the World Ends '' for Femme Fatale .
Similar appendages which are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead .
The next morning , Madame Medusa sends Penny down into the cave to find the gem , not knowing that Miss Bianca and Bernard are hiding in her skirt pocket .
Coquelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department near Calais in northern France .
He fulfilled a prophecy that said he would kill his father and marry his mother , and thus brought disaster on his city and family .
It is the county seat of Marshall County and the home of Marshalltown Community College .
Shi olsou faund dat shi kud meyk inaf mani in eyt mants tu bay haaself tuu lavli hyudzh nyu juualz tuu .
As planned small forces then proceeded southeast along the coast and occupied the village of Bulhar .
A fairly fast growing species , it can reach heights of up to 30 m and can live more than 100 years .
The Guardian link
It stars Jena Malone , Mandy Moore , Macaulay Culkin , Patrick Fugit , Eva Amurri , Martin Donovan , and Mary-Louise Parker .
Johann Friedrich Theodor MÃ 1\/4 ller -LRB- 31 March 1821 -- 21 May 1897 -RRB- , always known as Fritz , was a German biologist and physician who emigrated to southern Brazil , where he lived in and near the German community of Blumenau , Santa Catarina .
In the 1970s , he developed a plan to build human settlements in outer space , including a space habitat design known as the O'Neill cylinder .
It follows his 1798 writings , An Essay on the Principle of Population , which describes how unchecked population growth is exponential while the growth of the food supply was expected to be arithmetical , leading to a Malthusian catastrophe .
Journeyman is a 2007 American science fiction television drama created by Kevin Falls for 20th Century Fox Television which aired on the NBC television network.NBC.com : Journeyman official site - '' About '' It starred Kevin McKidd as Dan Vasser , a San Francisco reporter who involuntarily travels through time .
She is the great-granddaughter of the former Swedish Prime Minister , Oscar von Sydow .
The name '' AbiWord '' -LRB- pronounced '' Abby Word '' -RRB- is derived from the root of the Spanish word '' ' '' , meaning '' open '' .
In their nineteen years of marriage , they had fourteen children together , seven of whom died at birth or at a very young age .
It is based upon Georges Bizet 's opera , Carmen , set in Philadelphia and Los Angeles in modern times , and features a mostly original hip-hop\/R & B score in place of Bizet 's opera .
On a distant cliff top , Vixey joins Tod as he looks down at the scene from afar .
As of June 1 , 2010 , Mr. Mubarak is still the President of Egypt , having been re-elected several times .
On 9 April 1952 , Queen Elizabeth II officially declared her '' Will and Pleasure that I and My children shall be styled and known as the House and Family of Windsor , and that my descendants who marry and their descendants , shall bear the name of Windsor .
European colonialism or Imperialism began in the fifteenth century with the '' Age of Discovery '' , led by Spanish and Portuguese exploration of the Americas , and the coasts of Africa , the Middle East , India , and East Asia .
In practice , an exact match between the heat and electricity needs rarely exists .
A gazelle -LRB- -RRB- is any of many antelope species currently or formerly in the genus Gazella .
This Saturday morning block presented programming from Nick Jr. , which at the time shared common ownership with CBS under Viacom .
The Nile crocodile 's current range of distribution extends from the Senegal River , Lake Chad , Wadai and the Sudan to the Cunene and the Okavango Delta .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
CNN is owned by parent company Time Warner , and the U.S. news channel is a division of the Turner Broadcasting System .
Ulleungdo is a popular tourist site .
Semi-protection prevents a portal from being edited by anonymous and newly registered users .
News is mostly only included if it is relevant or interesting for the larger Wikimedia community and not only for a specific wiki
The Renault Scénic -LRB- launched 1996 -RRB- is the first modern compact MPV to be built in Europe , and is based on the Mégane floorpan .
Jötunheimr -LRB- often anglicized Jotunheim -RRB- is the world -LRB- heim ` home , homeland ' -RRB- of the Giants -LRB- two types : rock -LRB- or hill giants -RRB- and frost -LRB- or rime giants -RRB- -RRB- in Norse Mythology .
And it is the name of the second settlement meaning The Land of Moj , which makes us believe that the whole village once belonged to certain Mr. Moj , whose name might have been an abbreviation of a compound Slavic name Mojtech , similar to the names Vojtech or Mojmír .
Genet 's mother was a young prostitute who raised him for the first year of his life before putting him up for adoption .
Iragna is a municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
1874 Dideldum !
Raninoida
It is considered the oldest type of Noh play , and is probably the most often performed .
Geographically , it includes a large part of the Eurasian Steppe and extends eastward from the Ural Mountains to the watershed between Pacific and Arctic drainage basins , and southward from the Arctic Ocean to the hills of north-central Kazakhstan and the national borders of both Mongolia and China .
Kunhar flows through entire Kaghan Valley through Jalkhad , Naran , Kaghan , Balakot , Garhi Habibullah and joins Jhelum River just outside Muzaffarabad in Azad Jammu and Kashmir .
Koop also instituted the practice of requiring rotated health warning labels on cigarette packs and required advertising to include the labels , although some warnings had been required since 1965 .
Raymond Walter Traylor , Jr. -LRB- May 2 , 1963 â '' September 22 , 2004 -RRB- was an American professional wrestler .
Port Arthur is one of Australia 's most significant heritage areas and the open air museum is officially Tasmania 's top tourist attraction .
Aulnay is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
Tobacco is an agricultural product processed from the leaves of plants in the genus Nicotiana .
Emperor Suizei , sometimes romanized as Suisei and known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
He is a two-time World Champion -LRB- 2005 -- 2006 -RRB- , the 2006 Olympic silver medalist , a two-time Grand Prix Champion -LRB- 2005 and 2007 -RRB- and an eight-time Swiss National Champion .
The project of '' Anarchopedia '' is present in about 30 different languages like : english , italian , spanish , german and swedish .
Koji Homma -LRB- born 27 April 1977 in Hitachi , Ibaraki , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese footballer who plays for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2 .
February 7 & ndash ; Nikko , Japanese priest , founder of Nichiren Shoshu Buddhism -LRB- b. 1246 -RRB-
Brouwer was drafted 214th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks .
Following purchase by the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Company in 1995 , restoration of the station began , and it opened as a Visitors ' Centre in 2003 .
Lucerne is the capital of the Canton of Lucerne and the capital of the district with the same name .
Lobzang Khan appointed a new Dalai Lama who , however was not accepted by the Gelugpa school .
She currently stars as Sally Fieldâ s characterâ s daughter , Kitty Walker McCallister , on the ABC drama , Brothers & Sisters .
In medicine , pulmonary hypertension -LRB- PH or PHT -RRB- is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery , pulmonary vein , or pulmonary capillaries , together known as the lung vasculature , leading to shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , and other symptoms , all of which are exacerbated by exertion .
Bartók 's family reflected some of the ethnic diversity of the country .
Lieutenant Truman proposed and they were engaged before he left for France in 1918 .
Panderichthys , suited to muddy shallows ;
Line or lines may refer to :
India 's SEBI raises exchange ownership cap to 15 % , the NSE VSAT terminals , 2799 in total , cover more than 1500 cities across India NSE - About Us - Facts & Figures .
For instance , U.S. Route 201 splits from U.S. Route 1 at Brunswick , Maine , and runs north to Canada .
JÃ gr formerly played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins , Washington Capitals , and New York Rangers , serving as captain of the Penguins and the Rangers , as well as for Avangard .
Winfried Freudenberg died in the crash of an improvised balloon aircraft by which he crossed the border into West Berlin on March 8 , 1989 .
The adjectival form is Damoclean , \/O/ dÃ mÉ Ë kliË É n \/O/ .
1991 & ndash ; Gulf War : SCUD attack from Iraq causes 15 injuries in Israel .
Classic examples of boy bands include New Kids on the Block , Backstreet Boys and ` N Sync , with the Spice Girls being a female counterpart .
The open door policy stated that all European nations , and the United States , could trade with China .
Matthew C. Perry -LRB- 1794 & ndash ; 1858 -RRB- , American naval officer , led the effort to open Japan to trade with the West
The title ultimately changed from President of Saorstát Éireann -LRB- Uachtarán Shaorstát Éireann -RRB- to President of Ireland -LRB- Uachtarán na hÉireann -RRB- , but it still remained the central feature of his new constitution , to which he gave the new Irish language name Bunreacht na hÉireann -LRB- meaning literally the Constitution of Ireland -RRB- .
This production was presented at the Lincoln Center in New York City in July 2007 to a great acclaim , and the run was completely sold out .
'' If I commenced by saying that I am unable to praise this work , you would certainly be surprised for a moment .
This record also reveals that he was already a painter , a fact that is subsequently confirmed by two records of payment to Guido di Pietro in January and February 1418 for work done in the church of Santo Stefano del Ponte .
The - tron suffix has since been used to unofficially identify other big screens used in wrestling , such as the '' OvalTron '' formerly used on SmackDown .
A steady growth of foreign tourists , especially from Germany , has been recently recorded .
The Province of Prato is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
is a multinational video game software and hardware development company , and a home computer and former console manufacturer headquartered in ta , Tokyo , Japan .
There are many churches in the town : the two main ones are the Collegiata , formerly a cathedral , and Sant ` Agostino , housing a wide representation of artworks from some of the main Italian renaissance artists .
There is usually little or no swelling , and it is rare for any nearby lymph nodes to be affected .
When a plant cell is placed in a hypertonic solution , the water in the cells moves to an area higher in solute concentration and the cell shrinks , and in doing so , becomes flaccid . This means the cell has become plasmolysed â '' the cell membrane has completely left the cell wall due to lack of water pressure on it ; the opposite of turgid .
Putonghua To arouse students ' interest in Putonghua , the school offers Putonghua Day , Tongue-Twisters , Putonghua Class , Singing Contest , Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner .
At age 15 , though Xenia and Alexander wanted to marry , her parents were reluctant to trust because Xenia was too young and they were unsure of Alexander 's character .
Paul D'Amour -- bass -LRB- listed as '' Bottom Feeder '' -RRB-
He was arrested in 1996 and has been in prison ever since .
Functional classification Direction Afferent neurons convey information from tissues and organs into the central nervous system and are sometimes also called sensory neurons .
-LRB- -RRB-
The cast is led by professional wrestler John Cena , alongside Steve Harris , Gonzalo Menendez , Aidan Gillen , Brian J. White , Ashley Scott , and Taylor Cole .
Riverton is a city in Fremont County , Iowa , United States , along the East Nishnabotna River .
Although everyone is welcome to contribute to the encyclopedia , one or more of the external links you added do not comply with our guidelines for external links and have been removed .
As a child he went to Our Lady of the Wayside , where he was taunted for having one brown eye and one blue eye , known as heterochromia .
Agatha Christie , DBE , -LRB- 15 September 1890 â '' 12 January 1976 -RRB- , was a British crime writer of novels , short stories , and plays .
A hill fort is a type of earthworks used as a fortified refuge or defended settlement , located to exploit a rise in elevation for defensive advantage .
June 24 - Cristobal de Onate founds San Juan Bautista del Teul .
It may also refer to a number of other professional sport leagues :
Marshall is a city in Clark County , Illinois , United States , located
Ulrich '' Uli '' Stielike -LRB- born 15 November 1954 in Ketsch , West Germany -RRB- is a German football manager and former player .
They have minimal role in normal phonation , but are often used in musical screaming and the death grunt singing style .
Statutes 1925 , articles 8 -- 12 The Order of the Bath is the fourth-most senior of the British Orders of Chivalry , after The Most Noble Order of the Garter , The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle , and The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick .
Many of the Freikorps had joined the SA , so when the Night of the Long Knives came , they were among those targeted for killing or arrest , including Ehrhardt and Röhm .
In areas which were previously under Sassanid Persian or Byzantine rule , the Caliphs lowered taxes , provided greater local autonomy -LRB- to their delegated governors -RRB- , greater religious freedom for Jews , and some indigenous Christians , and brought peace to peoples demoralized and disaffected by the casualties and heavy taxation that resulted from the decades of Byzantine-Persian warfare .
The album has frequently been tagged by critics as '' one of the most influential thrash metal albums of all time . ''
It continued to lose tropical characteristics , and on September 13 Florence transitioned into an extratropical cyclone about 485 miles -LRB- 780 km -RRB- south-southwest of Cape Race , Newfoundland .
This prominent southern star commonly bears the proper name Rigil Kentaurus -LRB- often shortened to Rigil Kent , former Rigjl Kentaurus ; Riguel Kentaurus in Portuguese -RRB- , derived from the Arabic phrase Rijl QantÅ '' ris -LRB- or Rijl al-Qant Å '' ris , meaning '' Foot of the Centaur -RRB- '' , but is most often referred to by its Bayer designation Alpha Centauri .
Jjigae is typically served in a communal dish and boiling hot .
Montpezat-sous-Bauzon
He served as Prime Minister from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955 .
This is the first world title Korchnoi has won -LRB- and his only participation in a World Senior Chess Championship -RRB- .
The Valencia Street Circuit is a semi-permanent street circuit in Valencia , Spain which will host the Formula One European Grand Prix for seven years .
Albert of Aix begins his Historia Hierosolymitanae expeditionis .
See The History of Platinum .
It was the second Australian feature film version of the story of 19th century Australian bushranger Ned Kelly .
Monterey was the first widely promoted and heavily attended rock festival , attracting an estimated 55,000 total attendees with up to 90,000 people present at the event 's peak at midnight on Sunday .
A St Luke Passion -LRB- 1730 -RRB- was also formerly attributed to him , but it is now thought that Bach simply arranged an earlier composition .
Bombardier Transportation is one of the world 's largest companies in the rail equipment manufacturing and servicing industry .
The seven books The Chronicles of Narnia have been in continuous publication since 1954 and have sold over 100 million copies in 41 languages .
Quote : '' The gigantic , rust-colored external tank ... '' two white , slender Solid Rocket Boosters -LRB- SRBs -RRB- ; and the STS Orbiter Vehicle -LRB- OV -RRB- which contains the crew and payload .
The cover was officially unraveled on January 22 ; four days later , a new scavenger hunt was hidden on the official site , revealing the tracklist of the album and offering a prize to the three who could find all 15 song titles first .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 4,965 people , 1,930 households , and 1,464 families residing in the city .
R = 0.36 -RRB- similar to those of C-type asteroids .
Menneville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jamaal RaShaad Jones Charles -LRB- born December 27 , 1986 in Port Arthur , Texas -RRB- is an American football running back for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League .
His comedies are among the earliest surviving intact works in Latin literature .
Overview It was performed in 26 teams , and Vasco da Gama won the championship .
Other known structures and buildings include the Loftus Versfeld Stadium , The South African State Theatre , University of Pretoria , and Head Quarters of the Department of International Relations and Co-Operation -LRB- modern architecture -RRB- .
Their populations crashed during the Snowball Earth episodes , when all or very nearly all of the Earth 's surface was covered by ice or snow , but they proliferated in the Cambrian explosion and reached their highest diversity in the Paleozoic .
Chemically , Earth can be divided into the crust , upper mantle , lower mantle , outer core , and inner core .
Integers are whole numbers that has a positive sign -LRB- + -RRB- or a negative sign -LRB- - -RRB- in front of it .
The Oriental Orthodox Churches fully adopt this position ; among heterodox groups , the early Anabaptists came close , and modern Anabaptist groups such as the Mennonites and Hutterites come closest .
1837 & ndash ; Fire in the Winter Palace of Saint Petersburg occurred .
D. Litt
Jimmie Kenneth Johnson -LRB- born September 17 , 1975 in El Cajon , California -RRB- is a current NASCAR Sprint Cup race car driver who drives the # 48 Lowe 's / Kobalt Tools Chevrolet Impala SS co-owned by Rick Hendrick and his teammate Jeff Gordon and operated by Hendrick Motorsports .
Kansas City is situated in '' Tornado Alley '' , a broad region where cold air from the Rocky Mountains and Canada collides with warm air from the Gulf of Mexico , leading to the formation of powerful storms .
Prior to November 10 , he had already killed 32 Axis soldiers with the standard-issue Mosin-Nagant rifle .
Renneval is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Pío Baroja y Nessi -LRB- December 28 , 1872 -- October 30 , 1956 -RRB- was a Spanish Basque writer , one of the key novelists of the Generation of ' 98 .
Suspended and arrested as part of the insurrection of the 10th of August during the French Revolution , he was tried by the National Convention , found guilty of high treason , and executed by guillotine on 21 January 1793 as '' Citoyen Louis Capet '' .
When Bron left Russia in 1987 to teach at the Royal Academy of Music -LRB- RAM -RRB- , Vengerov and his mother followed him there , and did so again after Bron moved to Lübeck to open a school there .
The series premiered on Monday August 26 , 1996 , on the WB , the first time that the network aired Monday night programming , and was originally broadcast from 1996-2007 .
Azad Jammu & Kashmir Council is a supreme body , consisting of 11 members -- 6 of these members are from the Government of Azad Jammu & Kashmir , and 5 members are from the Government of Pakistan .
However , in the final winner-takes-all round , James was defeated by Coby ; thus another victory for Koror .
Franco Selvaggi -LRB- born May 15 , 1953 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
In Tibetan Buddhism , a tulku -LRB- , also tülku , trulku -RRB- is is a particular high-ranking lama , of whom the Dalai Lama is one , who can choose the manner of his -LRB- or her -RRB- rebirth .
Early life Ben Hall was born on 9 May 1837 , in Wallis Plains -LRB- though some reports incorrectly say Breeza -RRB- , in the Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
It moved northeast and became extratropical on October 8 . No damage is directly associated with Fabian .
Britannica 's estimate of Iran 's ethnic composition -LRB- 2000 -RRB- states '' Persian 34.9 % ; Azerbaijani 15.9 % ; Kurd 13.0 % ; Luri 7.2 % ; Gilaki 5.1 % ; Mazandarani 5.1 % ; Afghan 2.8 % ; Arab 2.5 % ; other 13.5 % '' .
Esteghlal have been Asian Champions AFC Champions League 2 times and have also won 6 National Championship titles .
Margherita 's siblings included : Ferdinando II de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany , Cardinal Gian Carlo de ' Medici , Cardinal Leopoldo de ' Medici and Anna , wife of Ferdinand Charles , Archduke of Further Austria .
If the being can create a stone that it can not lift , then it seems that it can cease to be omnipotent .
ICDO =
The first ice pop was created by accident in 1905 when 11-year-old Frank Epperson left a mixture of powdered soda , water , and a stirring stick in a cup on his porch in cold weather .
Some Arghons and Shina are also settled in Kargil Town .
Fontaine-M Ã cents con is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Even so , the emperor told his daughter that Popo had died in battle , and he wrote a letter to Popo saying that Iztaccíhuatl had died of sadness in his absence .
All of his principal works are in Florence , Italy .
Paris 28 -LRB-/O1849/O-RRB- A recommended laboratory synthesis entails dehydrating nitric acid -LRB- HNO3 -RRB- with phosphorus -LRB- V -RRB- oxide :
The most recent winners are Tim Thomas and Manny Fernandez of the Boston Bruins , who combined for a league-low 196 team goals against in 2009 .
It is a chemical element , which has the symbol Si and atomic number 14 .
The capital is San Miguel de Tucumán , often shortened to Tucumán .
Thousands more were executed , forced to work as punishment and emprisoned for political reasons .
It is a parody\/cover of '' Money for Nothing '' by Dire Straits and The Beverly Hillbillies theme song .
Among the most notable supporters of the Cluniac reforms were Pope Urban II , UWGB.edu Lambert of Hersfeld , and Richard of Verdun .
Prior to use , the matcha is often forced through a sieve in order to break up clumps .
Following the death of Dean in 1955 , the project was shelved .
Morse 's original code specification , largely limited to use in the United States and Canada , became known as American Morse code or railroad code .
Denison is a city in Crawford County , Iowa , United States , along the Boyer River .
Fanfare for the Common Man , Aaron Copland
The Encyclopedia of Arkansas History and Culture John Grisham 's Biography , Academy of Achievement The day after Grisham completed A Time to Kill , he began work on another novel , the story of a young attorney '' lured to an apparently perfect law firm that was not what it appeared . ''
Although he only played briefly at the major league level , Wistert played five years of professional baseball .
The British Rail Class 115 diesel multiple units were 41 high density sets which operated the outer-suburban services from Marylebone usually to destinations such as High Wycombe , Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line -LRB- now the London to Aylesbury Line -RRB- .
Before writing Dracula , Stoker spent several years researching European folklore and stories of vampires .
In 2003 , Greg Rogers filed a civil lawsuit against Buck , accusing him of repeated sexual assault beginning in 1960 when Rogers was 11 and Buck 16 .
Hercules : The Legendary Journeys is an action adventure video game with beat 'em up elements that was released on the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color , developed by Player 1 and published by Titus Software , based on the television series .
South Africa are the current World Champions , having won the 2007 Rugby World Cup final in France on 20 October 2007 with victory over England , the 2003 World Champions and current runners-up .
Noorvik is a primarily Inupiat city in the Northwest Arctic Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Yalta Conference , sometimes called the Crimea Conference and codenamed the Argonaut Conference , was the February 4 â '' 11 , 1945 wartime meeting of the heads of government of the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Soviet Unionâ '' President Franklin D. Roosevelt , Prime Minister Winston Churchill , and General Secretary Joseph Stalin , respectivelyâ '' for the purpose of discussing Europe 's post-war reorganization .
The city was once the capital of the ancient , Buddhist kingdom of Srivijaya that controlled a large part of what is now Indonesia , Malaysia and Southern Thailand .
HEADING Contestants
-LRB- September 30 , 1861 & ndash ; January 26 , 1932 -RRB- was a U.S. chewing gum industrialist .
Floirac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The British Sovereign is the Sovereign of the Order and appoints all other members of the Order -LRB- by convention , on the advice of the Government -RRB- .
The Circle Jerks are an American punk band , formed circa 1979 in Hermosa Beach , California .
Tropical Storm Jerry formed as a tropical depression from a tropical wave on October 6 near Barbados .
is a multinational video game software and hardware development company , and a home computer and former console manufacturer headquartered in ta , Tokyo , Japan .
Early life Pascal coined his own name and his real name remains unknown .
The strong '' smell of sulfur '' usually refers to the odor of hydrogen sulfide -LRB- -RRB- or organosulfur compounds -LRB- see section '' Organic compounds '' below -RRB- , e.g. from rotten egg , or of burning sulfur , which produces sulfur dioxide , the smell associated with burnt matches .
It occurs in cool , deep soiled , mostly mountainous areas to 1000 m altitude with high rainfall of over 1200 m per year .
The inaugural tournament was held in 1993 in Scotland , the birthplace of rugby sevens .
Article 16 of the Rome Statute .
The name is also applied to a similar fruit , soncoya or cabeza de negro -LRB- A. pupurea -RRB- which is cultivated as an aternative to the cherimoya .
Richard 's brain was buried at Charroux Abbey in Poitou , his heart was buried at Rouen in Normandy , and the rest of his body was buried at the feet of his father at Fontevraud Abbey in Anjou .
The Republic of Ireland Act 1948 provided a description of the state as '' the Republic of Ireland '' -LRB- -RRB- .
It brands itself as '' Australia 's first inland city '' , although this is a claim that the city of Bathurst also makes .
-LRB- Compare tone . -RRB-
Typo word = '' Economy '' find = '' b -LRB- E e -RRB- c ce onom -LRB- w + -RRB- b '' replace = '' $ 1conom $ 2 '' \/O/ -RRB-
Mangwal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 33 6 ' 30N 72 49 ' 32E .
It was originally called Safari Village , as Discovery Island was the name for the small zoological park located in Walt Disney World 's Bay Lake .
populationof = popofyear =
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
Gauchy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It can be expressed for example as a percentage .
Howe was born at Pontefract , Yorkshire , England , son of Thomas Howe and his wife Elizabeth .
A character of South Korean nationality , Jung Parkâ s natural proficiency for computers drove him to serve his mandatory term in the ROK Army immediately after graduation .
Uncrowned pieces -LRB- '' men '' -RRB- move one step diagonally forwards and capture other pieces by making two steps in the same direction , jumping over the opponent 's piece on the intermediate square .
This geographical fact is reflected in the state 's name , derived from the Spanish word montaña -LRB- mountain -RRB- .
Upon heating , Rb2O reacts with hydrogen to rubidium hydroxide and rubidium hydride :
For his detractors , primarily US Secretary of State Warren Christopher and U.N. Ambassador Madeleine Albright , he came to symbolise the UN 's alleged inaction in the face of humanitarian crises .
Desmarest was born at Soulaines , in the department of Aube .
Meanwhile , Christmas visits his girlfriend , Lacy -LRB- Charisma Carpenter -RRB- , whom he discovers has left him for another man , who is actually abusive towards Lacy .
The film , completed with a budget of $ 2 million , was the first film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture -LRB- then called '' Best Picture , Production '' -RRB- for the film year 1927\/1928 -LRB- and was the only silent film to win -RRB- , and won a second Academy Award for Engineering Effects .
It is connected to Milan through a net of channels called navigli , which Leonardo da Vinci helped design .
Excerpted from Jean Peters , ed/O. , Book Collecting : A Modern Guide -LRB- New York and London : R. R. Bowker , 1977 -RRB- , 97-101 .
1982 & ndash ; Honda becomes the first Asian automobile company to produce cars in the United States with the opening of their factory in Marysville , Ohio .
Engi is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
At high altitudes , Neptune 's atmosphere is 80 % hydrogen and 19 % helium .
Psalm 151 is the name given to a short psalm that is found in most copies of the Septuagint but not in the Masoretic text of the Hebrew Bible .
The Queen 's Gambit is a chess opening that starts with the moves 1 .
Hymenoptera is one of the larger orders of insects , comprising the sawflies , wasps , bees , and ants .
May 22 -- The Hashshashin attempt to murder Saladin near Aleppo .
Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS -LRB- born 8 August 1931 -RRB- is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute , University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .
Being amphibious , they are uniquely adapted to intertidal habitats , unlike most fish in such habitats which survive the retreat of the tide by hiding under wet seaweed or in tidal pools .
Students at Cornell indicated that they may continue to use Wikipedia as a quick source of information , though they would not cite it in scholarly work .
The Second-in-Command of a battalion or regiment is usually a Major .
Maemo is mostly based on open source code , and has been developed by Maemo Devices within Nokia in collaboration with many open source projects such as the Linux kernel , Debian , and GNOME .
April 21 -- Geraldo Rivera opens Al Capone 's secret vault on The Mystery of Al Capone 's Vault , discovering only a bottle of moonshine .
Baldheri is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , Administrative Units of District Abbottabad the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
Table number 4 , 14 , 24 , etc. are also often left out in wedding dinners or other social gatherings in these countries .
Kanda University of International Studies or KUIS is a private university located in Makuhari , Chiba City , Japan . The university was founded in 1987 as an extension of Kanda Institute of Foreign Languages in Tokyo .
Calamus is a city in Clinton County , Iowa , United States .
Skull Ring is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop with backing collaborations by bands including The Stooges , The Trolls , Green Day , Sum 41 , and Peaches .
Hall was shot dead on May 5 , 1865 near Forbes , New South Wales .
Births are usually timed for the beginning of winter -LRB- May and June -RRB- or late spring -LRB- October and November -RRB- .
Gellar learned that she needed clearance from the Japanese government to remove the sword from the country and , after eventually succeeding , stated that it was '' incredibly difficult '' to do .
Annales des empereurs du japon , p. 15-18 ; Varley , Paul .
The center of the seal is a shield adorned with a tranquil scene of a moose resting in a field bordered by water and woods , pine tree stand tall directly behind the moose .
The Nintendo 3DS is a portable game console produced by Nintendo . A distinguishing feature of the system is its ability to produce '' 3D effects without the need for any special glasses '' via a process called autostereoscopy .
Predators Many predators such as martens , raccoons , owls , hawks , coyotes , foxes , snakes , the red tailed hawk , weasels and cats eat voles .
In Tasmania , escaped convicts who became bushrangers were known as '' bolters '' .
He asserted that he required anonymity to avoid cyberstalking .
Historically Hereford has been the county town of Herefordshire .
Fletcher Christian -LRB- 25 September 1764 -- 20 September 1793 -RRB- was a master 's mate on board the Bounty during William Bligh 's fateful voyage to Tahiti for breadfruit plants -LRB- see Mutiny on the Bounty -RRB- .
Kamoke is a Tehsil of Gujranwala District located on the Grand Trunk Road , it is headquartered at K moke which is approximately 40km from Gujranwala - the district capital .
can end a sentence .
A popular destination was Alsace .
Hans Heinrich Lammers -LRB- 27 May 1879 - 4 January 1962 -RRB- was a German jurist and prominent Nazi politician .
The Persian Gulf , in Southwest Asia , is an extension of the Indian Ocean located between Iran -LRB- formerly called Persia -RRB- and the Arabian Peninsula .
The region takes its name from the Balkan Mountains , which run through the center of Bulgaria into eastern Serbia .
It has been translated into many languages , has become one of the world 's most widely read books , and has been the basis for several plays and films .
In biogeography , particularly phytogeography , the tabula rasa hypothesis about the origin of a biota in formerly glaciated areas refers to the idea that all species have immigrated into completely denuded land after the retreat of glaciers .
The term brush refers to devices with bristles , wire or other filaments , used for cleaning , grooming hair , make up , painting , surface finishing and for many other purposes .
His travels Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute .
is a Japanese football player who plays for Fagiano Okayama F.C. in the J. League Division 2 .
The NHL All-Star Game SuperSkills Competition , originally known as the National Hockey League All-Star Skills Competition , is an event on the night preceding the All-Star Game .
Lashley won the match and the ECW World Championship after pinning Big Show following a spear .
History Deux-Sèvres was one of the 83 original départements created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Radiometric dating -LRB- often called radioactive dating -RRB- is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
Dating back to pre-Roman times , the town of Pavia -LRB- then known as Ticinum -RRB- was a municipality and an important military site -LRB- a castrum -RRB- under the Roman Empire .
The fate of her three-man crew remains unknown , and the circumstances in which they disappeared are mysterious and have been compared to that of the Mary Celeste .
Twilight lavender is a color formulated by Crayola in 1990 as one of the colors in its Silver Swirls specialty box of metallic colors .
Agrippina the Elder accuses Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso of having assassinated her husband Germanicus Julius Caesar in Antioch .
He served as the 52nd Governor of New Jersey from January 15 , 2002 , until November 15 , 2004 , when he resigned from office .
It achieved great popularity as an alcoholic drink in late 19th - and early 20th-century France , particularly among Parisian artists and writers .
Since 1997 they have been consistent playoff contenders , and won Super Bowl XXXVII at the end of the 2002 season .
Looking for an outlet for his ideas , O'Neill wrote a paper titled '' The Colonization of Space '' , and for four years attempted to have it published .
KÃ ta Sugiyama -LRB- æ å æ å Sugiyama KÅ ta , born 24 January 1985 in Shizuoka Prefecture , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football midfielder currently playing for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
Märstetten is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Although it did not constitute a legal code , the Taika Reform mandated a series of reforms that established the ritsury system of social , fiscal , and administrative mechanisms of the seventh to tenth centuries .
The north side became completely operational September 7 , 2005 with the implementation of generator No. 9 .
The or is the second division of and is the second-tier professional association football league in Japan .
He was an eclectic philosopher who adopted many principles of the Milesian school , especially the single material principle , which he identified as air .
The Monarchy bore the full name internationally of '' The Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Crown of St. Stephen '' .
Commentary for '' Selma 's Choice '' , in The Simpsons : The Complete Fourth Season -LSB- DVD -RSB- .
500s
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
The Ranger Uranium Mine , one of the most productive Uranium mines in the world , is contained within the park .
The Orchestra has successfully toured in United States , Japan , South Korea and Western Europe .
Perhaps more significantly , the film proved to be a massive commercial failure , making back only $ 3 million of its $ 25 million budget .
The bulbous growth is used for various activities , it is used to generate a resonant hum during vocalization , it acts as a visual lure for attracting females and it is also used to make bubbles which have been associated with the mating rituals of the species .
The National Mall 's status as a wide , open expanse at the heart of the capital makes it an attractive site for protests and rallies of all types .
An arpeggio is a group of notes which are played one after the other , either going up or going down .
In 1863 , Grieg went to Copenhagen , Denmark , and stayed there for three years .
In anatomy , the term ligament is used to denote any of three types of structures . Most commonly , it refers to fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones and is also known as articular ligament , articular larua , fibrous ligament , or true ligament .
Although its legal status is disputed , it is the effective boundary between China and India .
In 1861 , it was moved to the Triebisch river valley of Meissen , where the porcelain factory can still be found today .
Types A double pedal is two pedal tones played simultaneously .
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography .
There are currently 32 Rebel Autonomous Zapatista Municipalities -LRB- MAREZ -RRB- affiliated with the EZLN in Chiapas .
Thin Lizzy are an Irish hard rock band formed in Dublin in 1969 .
It is the largest indoor amusement park in the world and features 24 rides and attractions .
iBluegrass.com .
In addition to manufacturing automobiles , Toyota provides financial services through its Toyota Financial Services division and also builds robots .
It is mainly gray-reddish with silver celadon areas on their coat .
Since then , the project has followed a schedule of a release every six months , each of which is maintained and supported for one year .
Home to Cameroon 's largest port and its major international airport , Douala Airport , it is the commercial capital of the country .
In June selected members of the orchestra played for an hour on the main pyramid stage at Glastonbury Festival .
Figaro is happily measuring the space where the bridal bed will fit while Susanna is trying on her wedding bonnet in front of the mirror -LRB- in the present day , a more traditional French floral wreath or a modern veil are often substituted , often in combination with a bonnet , so as to accommodate what Susanna happily describes as her wedding '' capellino '' -RRB- .
March 5 , 1991 : Allan Bester traded from Toronto to Detroit for Detroit 's sixth round pick in 1991 Entry Draft .
At Over the Limit , Swagger retained the title against The Big Show by intentionally disqualifying himself .
The approximate angular width of the jet -LRB- that is , the degree of beaming -RRB- can be estimated directly by observing '' jet breaks '' in afterglow light curves : a time after which the slowly-decaying afterglow abruptly begins to fade rapidly as the jet slows down and can no longer beam its radiation as effectively .
'' Mankind '' , a song by Pearl Jam from their 1996 album No Code
Kowloon is located north of Hong Kong Island and south of the mainland part of the New Territories .
For example , the previous emperor is usually called Hirohito in English , although he was never referred to as Hirohito in Japan -LRB- for it is thought to be blasphemous to pronounce the true name of the Emperor -RRB- and was renamed Sh wa Tenn after his death , which is the only name that Japanese speakers currently use when referring to him .
è in Chinese -RRB- are used in stir-fried dishes , particularly those in American Chinese cuisine .
The initial results were a disaster for the United States ; the area around the Kasserine Pass is the site of many US war graves from that time .
In 1959 , he was appointed to the Civil Aeronautics Board by US President Dwight Eisenhower .
Ely Cathedral -LRB- in full , The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Ely -RRB- is the principal church of the Diocese of Ely , in Cambridgeshire , England , and the seat of the Bishop of Ely .
Fire blight , also written as fireblight , is a contagious disease affecting apples , pears , and some other members of the family Rosaceae .
Kaltag was named by Russians for the Koyokon man named Kaltaga .
He was a member of the American Academy of Independent Scholars -LRB- 1979 -RRB- and a Distinguished Scholar of the California Institute of Technology -LRB- 1984 -RRB- .
Georgia was established in 1732 , the last of the original Thirteen Colonies .
Masaaki Mori is a former Japanese football player .
At the time this treaty was signed , it was not seen as the last word on the Polish border in West Germany Johnson , Edward Elwyn .
Sculptors such as Veit Stoss , Adam Kraft and Peter Vischer are also associated with Nuremberg .
The movie by director Fran Rubel Kuzui was not well liked by critics and audiences .
A tomb -LRB- from Greek '' Ï Ï Î 1\/4 Î Î Ï '' - tumbos -RRB- is a repository for the remains of the dead .
Kuta is administratively a district -LRB- kecamatan -RRB- and subdistrict\/village -LRB- kelurahan -RRB- in southern Bali , Indonesia .
On the night of April 24 , 1915 , the Ottoman government rounded-up and imprisoned an estimated 250 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders .
In the early 1980s , NASA planned to launch a modular space station called Freedom as a counterpart to the Soviet Salyut and Mir space stations , while the Soviets were planning to construct Mir-2 in the 1990s as a replacement for Mir .
Fluxbox is an X window manager based on Blackbox 0.61.1 .
Saint-Andr Ã - du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A black hole is a region of space from which nothing , not even light , can escape .
Documentary film Léon Theremin is the subject of the feature length documentary film , Theremin : An Electronic Odyssey , written , directed , and produced by Steven M. Martin .
In 18th century France the fanfare was a movement with energy and repetition of notes , and fanfares of the modern description date from the 19th century , when they were composed for British coronations -LRB- such as Hubert Parry 's I was glad for Edward VII -RRB- and other important occasions .
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School -LRB- also known as PA Cyber -RRB- is an online school , designed as an alternative to regular schooling .
Laing , R.D. and Cooper , D.G. -LRB-/O1964/O-RRB- Reason and Violence : A Decade of Sartre 's Philosophy .
Some of the largest Calvinist communions were started by 19th and 20th century missionaries .
For some beginning wind instrument students , however , D major is not a very suitable key , since it transposes to E major on B-flat wind instruments , and beginning methods generally tend to avoid keys with more than three sharps .
During the presidential election campaign , the major-party candidates ran on a platform of change and reform in Washington .
Aritatsu Ogi -LRB- born December 10 , 1942 in Hiroshima , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Zoe -LRB- and variants -RRB- is a feminine first name , which came from ancient Greece and means '' life '' in Greek .
A Bayesian network , belief network or directed acyclic graphical model is a probabilistic graphical model that represents a set of random variables and their conditional dependences via a directed acyclic graph -LRB- DAG -RRB- .
'' Down the Rabbit-Hole '' & ndash ; Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , Lewis Carroll
Dingle is a town in County Kerry , Ireland .
Aang appeared in Escape from the Spirit World , an online video game that can be found on Nickelodeon 's official website .
Yochanan Vollach -LRB- , sometimes spelled Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach , born 14 May 1945 -RRB- is a former Israeli footballer .
Year 11 -LRB- XI -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Entertainment has traditionally been the reason for the creation of speedruns , as the phenomenon was originally devised by enthusiasts who began comparing each others ' playing skills via movies exchanged over the Internet , while verifiability stems from the necessity to provide evidence that one 's playthrough went by the typical or game-specific speedrun rules and thus counts as a valid attempt to beat the record .
Since June 2001 he has served as Governing Mayor -LRB- ' -RRB- of Berlin .
In block ciphers , they are typically used to obscure the relationship between the key and the ciphertext -- Shannon 's property of confusion .
After a heart attack in 2001 , Burnside 's doctor advised him to stop drinking ; Burnside did , but he reported that change left him unable to play .
Her albums have sold over 10.5 million copies in the United States .
The Stadium is thus undergoing expansion in order to host over 40,000 people during the event .
Le Bô is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Tropical Depression Twelve-E formed August 25 from an area of disturbed weather in a rather easterly location .
He fights and bickers with Vyvyan and attempts to impress Mike .
'' Darlin '' was the second song Lavigne wrote as a 15-year-old while living in Napanee , Ontario .
From 1907 until 1973 there was a Sartell on nearly every City Council , the most prominent being Ripley B. '' Rip '' Sartell who was mayor for 31 years .
The club 's traditional kit colors are royal blue shirts , shorts and socks .
It is the most populous commune in the Ardèche department , although it is not the préfecture -LRB- capital -RRB- , which resides in the smaller town of Privas .
Matthias Herget -LRB- born 14 November 1955 , in Annaberg-Buchholz -RRB- is a former German football player who has also worked as a manager .
The 15-pin game port is pretty much non-existent on presently manufactured PCs , though adapters exist that allow older joysticks and controllers to connect via USB .
Eclagnens
That the CMB appears to be at a higher temperature on one side of the sky than on the opposite side , referred to as a dipole pattern , has been explained as a Doppler effect of the Earth 's motion relative to the area of CMB emission , which is called the last scattering surface .
Cardiology -LRB- from Greek , kardiÄ , '' heart '' ; and , - logia -RRB- is a medical specialty dealing with disorders of the heart -LRB- specifically the human heart -RRB- .
All the main tribes of the Indian Territory -LRB- later Oklahoma -RRB- aligned with the Confederacy , but efforts to secure secession in Missouri and Maryland failed in the face of federal military action .
Crémant d'Alsace is a significant part of the wine production in Alsace , with 18 % of the region 's vineyards used for this purpose .
In physics , thermal conductivity , k , is the property of a material that indicates its ability to conduct heat .
The processors found inside modern CPUs and graphics processing units -LRB- GPUs -RRB- accommodate very powerful and very complex ALUs ; a single component may contain a number of ALUs .
The Last Judgment is a depiction of the second coming of Christ and the apocalypse .
The museum occupies part of the former RAF Sandtoft , an operational bomber base during the Second World War .
This template automatically detects the edit protection level -LRB- semi or full -RRB- of a page , and if it is on a template or file page , and modifies its appearance and how it categorizes the page .
Much of his material had a distinct jazzy jump blues feel , an influence that would characterize much of the most influential blues to emerge from California in the 1940s and 1950s .
After World War II , Allied forces established three federal states : WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern , Baden -LRB- both occupied by France -RRB- , and WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden -LRB- US-occupied -RRB- .
September 25 -- September 26 , 1997 : After making landfall in Baja California , Hurricane Nora maintained tropical storm status into California and Arizona .
On March 27 , WWE will host its annual WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the Dodge Theater , where the Class of 2010 will be inducted .
The International System of Units -LRB- abbreviated SI from the French Bureau International des Poids et Mesures -RRB- is the modern form of the metric system and is generally a system of units of measurement devised around seven base units and the convenience of the number ten .
It was first released in South Korea on 31 August , 2001 for Microsoft Windows and has since been released in many other locales around the world .
In the 1707 event , the earthquakes were either simultaneous , or close enough in time , to not be distinguished by historical sources .
The stadium still bears his and his brother 's name .
Ballymena is a large town in County Antrim , Northern Ireland and the seat of Ballymena Borough Council .
The Albany Train Yard was also used to store a pair of ALCO PA diesel-electric locomotives from the mid-1990s to early-first decade of the 21st century .
Realms are either player versus player -LRB- PvP -RRB- , where open combat among players is more common , or player versus environment -LRB- PvE -RRB- , where the gameplay is more focused on defeating monsters and completing quests .
After retirement from professional football , Boniperti has been a president of Juventus and a deputy to the European Parliament .
Courtillers is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
, Ben 10 , Star Wars : The Clone Wars , Halo , and Gears of War .
The Toyota Way incorporates the Toyota Production System .
Andrés Sanchez
Rustrel is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
In that context , Tobin suggested a new system for international currency stability , and proposed that such a system include an international charge on foreign-exchange transactions .
Jackson County was created by the Florida Territorial Council in 1822 out of Escambia County , along with Duval County out of St. Johns County , making them the third and fourth counties in the Territory .
Giberville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The degree to which the weather of a certain region of Georgia is subtropical depends on the latitude , its proximity to the Atlantic Ocean or Gulf of Mexico and the elevation .
Chase was born Daveigh -LRB- -RRB- Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase after her parents , Cathy Chase and John Schwallier , divorced .
Once one has eaten at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living .
Cleanliness .
ship mill , floats near a river bank or bridge
In physics and mathematics , a pseudovector -LRB- or axial vector -RRB- is a quantity that transforms like a vector under a proper rotation , but gains an additional sign flip under an improper rotation such as a reflection .
Sana'a -LRB- Arabic : & lrm ; , ; also spelt Sanaa or an ` ' -RRB- is the capital of Yemen and the center of San ` a ' Governorate .
Some people pierce for religious or spiritual reasons , while others pierce for self-expression , for aesthetic value , for sexual pleasure , to conform to their culture or to rebel against it .
He shared a Courage C60 with Jean-Christophe Boullion and Laurent Redon in 2001 but it retired after 271 laps .
If points are equal , the goal difference and then goals scored determine the winner .
As pocket lint is an amalgamation of the contents of the pockets , pocket lint can be helpful when determining if drugs have been previously stored in the pockets , by testing it with various drug tests . In a survival situation , pocket lint can be used as kindling for starting a fire .
In 1929 , he conducted Salome at the Festspielhaus in Salzburg , and from 1929 to 1934 , Karajan served as first Kapellmeister at the Stadttheater in Ulm .
A lens with two surfaces is biconcave -LRB- or just concave -RRB- .
The was a satellite modem add-on for Nintendo 's Super Famicom system in Japan released in 1995 .
Gwion Llewelyn is the drummer , and Alun '' Gaff '' Gaffey is the guitarist .
Eucalyptus are the basis for several industries , such as sawmilling , pulp , charcoal and others .
The university was founded in 1927 by Bob Jones , Sr. -LRB- 1883 â '' 1968 -RRB- , an evangelist and contemporary of Billy Sunday .
Zutphen is a city in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands .
Saint Roch -LRB- approximate date ; d. 1327 -RRB-
José Fernando Polozzi , best known as Polozzi -LRB- born in Vinhedo , São Paulo State , October 1 , 1955 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player in central defender role , currently managed Bandeirante 's team .
The county was on occasion referred to as Duns-shire or Dunsshire during the Victorian period and after , reflecting the fact that Duns had become the county town .
Qantas was founded in Winton , Queensland on 16 November 1920 as Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services Limited by Paul McGuiness , Hudson Fysh , Fergus McMaster and Arthur Baird .
The Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles present the very early Christians , then still very much a part of the Jewish scene , as frequenting both the Temple and synagogues , as well as meeting in private homes , frequently to '' break bread , '' a term that connotes both the sharing of an agape meal , and celebrating the Eucharist .
The processes and features caused by glaciers and related to them are referred to as glacial .
Earlier versions of the game used '' Basic '' , '' Trick '' , and '' Maniac '' , while the switch to '' Light '' , '' Standard '' , and '' Heavy '' was introduced in the Playstation 2 era .
As Flute the bellows-mender , he performed a drag parody of Dame Joan Sutherland in the mad scene of Lucia di Lammermoor .
Copper was hauled partially by mule trains , until the railroad was finished in 1904 .
The number of points of each lettered tile is based on the letter 's frequency in standard English writing ; commonly used letters such as E or O are worth one point , while less common letters score higher , with Q and Z each worth 10 points .
Warluzel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Dámaso Bances
Mbabane , and Swaziland itself , depend on tourism and sugar exports .
Balto died at the age of 14 .
Kitos War -LRB- 115 117 -RRB- -- sometimes called the Second Jewish-Roman War .
Shacks were severely damaged by the strong winds , widespread tree damage was reported and many areas lost electricity service .
Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton was born on 7 January 1985 in Stevenage , Hertfordshire , England , and was named after American sprinter Carl Lewis .
Book 3 -LRB- 428-425 BC -RRB- Annual invasion of Attica .
Matt Groening conceived Homer and the rest of the Simpson family in 1986 in the lobby of producer James L. Brooks ' office .
Max Christian Friedrich Bruch -LRB- 6 January 1838-2 October 1920 -RRB- , also known as Max Karl August Bruch , was a German Romantic composer and conductor who wrote over 200 works , including three violin concertos , one of which is a staple of the violin repertoire .
As Stith Thompson points out , talking animals and the presence of magic seem to be more common to the fairy tale than fairies themselves .
In physics , the angular velocity is a vector quantity -LRB- more precisely , a pseudovector -RRB- which specifies the angular speed of an object and the axis about which the object is rotating .
Forestle was associated to Google until Google revoked the site 's search functionality after four days due to a dispute over whether their terms of service were being broken .
Sanjaya Joseph Malakar -LRB- ; ; ; born September 10 , 1989 -RRB- is an American singer who was a finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
Susan and Lucy witnessed Aslan 's sacrifice and resurrection .
According to comScore figures , it is the fourth largest British entertainment website with 2.1 million unique users on its news site .
link
Prunk was born in the small settlement of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu -LRB- part of the municipality of Sevnica -RRB- , in central Slovenia , which was then the German-occupied Lower Styria .
Gianluca Vialli -LRB- born 9 July , 1964 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
It starred Amanda Bynes , Drake Bell , and Josh Peck , along with several performing artists who came and left at different points , such as John Kassir , Raquel Lee , and Nancy Sullivan .
According to traditional Rabbinic Judaism , God revealed his laws and commandments to Moses on Mount Sinai in the form of both the Written and Oral Torah .
218 , in the lands sharing a common Islamic cultural heritage .
Creation may refer to :
However , '' Grand Duchess '' is the usual English translation .
The eruption reached a value of 3 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index .
The player can achieve three basic rankings -LRB- Redo , Mediocre , or High Level -RRB- upon completing a game . A new level will be unlocked if the player gets the Mediocre or High Level rating on a level .
According to the INE 's census of 2001 , the city proper had a population of 101,069 UMA POPULAÇÃO QUE SE URBANIZA , Uma avaliação recente - Cidades , 2004 Nuno Pires Soares , Instituto Geográfico Português -LRB- Geographic Institute of Portugal -RRB- and the municipality had a population of 148,443 in a 319.4 km ² land area .
Maple syrup is made from reduced sugar maple xylem sap .
Kamrar is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
Prato , a city of Tuscany , seat of the homonymous province
In addition , it is home to a well-known cemetery , Forest Park Cemetery , currently under the jurisdiction of the town .
Impact Ingrid 's sheared circulation remained just east and northeast of the Lesser Antilles and dissipated without directly affecting any land .
Kansas is an American rock band that became popular in the 1970s initially on Album-Oriented Rock charts , and later with hit singles such as '' Carry On Wayward Son '' and '' Dust in the Wind '' .
Often an Old English letter was worn on the chest .
He finished primary school two years early , but struggled at high school , achieving only average marks .
This article is about the '' Circles '' -LRB- Kreise -RRB- of Germany .
Baseball is a bat-and-ball sport played between two teams of nine players each .
In 1999 , the American Film Institute ranked Tracy ninth among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time .
Kyocera Arena at Atlético paranaense 's official website The stadium is owned by Clube Atlético Paranaense .
Charles Stewart Parnell was born in County Wicklow , of Protestant gentry stock .
The Arya Chakaravarthi dynasty ruled over large parts of northeast Sri Lanka until the Portuguese conquest of the Jaffna Kingdom in 1619 AD .
Ã '' DÃ laigh tenure as president proved to be contentious .
â The concept of vulnerability expresses the multidimensionality of disasters by focusing attention on the totality of relationships in a given social situation which constitute a condition that , in combination with environmental forces , produces a disasterâ .
Artists ' brush handles are commonly wooden but can also be made of molded plastic .
Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon .
Count Gottfried von Bismarck -LRB- 1962 -- 2007 -RRB- son of Prince Ferdinand von Bismarck , great-great-grandson of Otto von Bismarck
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints founded by Joseph Smith .
The Oprah Winfrey Show -LRB- often simply referred to as Oprah or just O -RRB- is an American syndicated talk show , hosted and produced by its namesake Oprah Winfrey , and is the highest-rated talk show in American television history .
death_place = Hartford , Connecticut , United States
North Korea wants the '' East Sea of Korea '' name to be restored .
The next match was John Cena versus John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield for the WWE Championship .
Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- born February 21 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actress , television director , voice actress , singer-songwriter , author , and film and television producer .
Iran is third , followed by Turkey , Russia , Italy and India .
Tyresta National Park -LRB- -RRB- is a national park with a surrounding nature reserve in Sweden , located in Haninge and Tyresö municipalities in Stockholm County .
A megalith is a large stone which has been used to construct a structure or monument , either alone or together with other stones .
The Newtonian telescope is a type of reflecting telescope invented by the British scientist Sir Isaac Newton -LRB- 1643-1727 -RRB- , using a concave primary mirror and a flat diagonal secondary mirror .
Turn - und Sportverein München von 1860 , commonly known as TSV 1860 München or 1860 Munich , is a German sports club based in Munich , Bavaria .
Emily Jordan Osment -LRB- born March 10 , 1992 -RRB- is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
was the 21st emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency -LRB- Kunaich -RRB- : -LRB-/O21/O-RRB- according to the traditional order of succession .
Noel Ernest Edmonds , -LRB- born 22 December 1948 -RRB- is a British broadcaster and executive , who made his name as a DJ on BBC Radio 1 in the UK . He has presented many light entertainment television programs , including Multi-Coloured Swap Shop , Top of the Pops , The Late , Late Breakfast Show and Noel 's House Party .
December 25 -- Baldwin I becomes King of Jerusalem .
The theory that the Chuka , Embu , Mbeere , Gicugu and Ndia ` broke away ' from the main Kikuyu group before arriving at Ithanga is plausible , but is contradicted by the oral traditions of various tribes , many of which include Ithanga in their histories .
It has a population of 30,500 -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- and is the seventh largest town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania .
Despite hundreds of leads through the years , no conclusive evidence has ever surfaced regarding Cooper 's true identity or whereabouts , and the bulk of the money has never been recovered .
He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields , at once both a direct expression of the sensations of the observing eye and an abstraction from observed nature .
The Toyota Camry is a mid-size car , formerly a compact car manufactured by Toyota since 1980 .
He changed his name in the early 1930s when President AtatÃ 1\/4 rk decreed that all his countrymen had to have surnames .
The Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar -LRB- Simón Bolívar Symphony Orchestra -RRB- is a Venezuelan youth orchestra .
'' God Gave Rock 'N' Roll To You II '' , '' Unholy '' , and '' Domino '' are the songs from the album that have endured as regular Kiss live staples .
He is also called Jedidiah in 2 Samuel 12:25 , and is described as the third king of the United Monarchy , and the final king before the northern Kingdom of Israel and the southern Kingdom of Judah split ; following the split his patrilineal descendants ruled over Judah alone .
She tells Hercules that Hera is angry and not to go to Mount Olympus for his own good , but he decides to go and Iolaus stays behind to entertain the Goddess of Love , but she leaves when an earthquake starts .
The service is operated by the commonly synonymous eighteen-carriage Class 373 trains which run at up to on a network of high-speed lines .
The Athenian Golden Age ends with the defeat of Athens at the hands of Sparta in the Peloponnesian War in 404 BC .
The establishment of a separate network was only made possible when Radio 4 became a fully national network and moved from medium wave to long wave .
His widow Henrietta Maria returns to her native France .
Two grades of coconut milk exist : thick and thin .
Rainfall can vary radically from year to year , and successive patterns of flooding and drought are common .
To the east , the Bucegi Mountains have a very steep slope towards the popular tourist destination Prahova Valley -LRB- a.o. Bu teni and Sinaia -RRB- .
It was followed three years later with By the Way -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , which continued their success .
On the other hand , while there are 30,000 Ladin speakers left , almost all children still learn it as their mother tongue , thus Ladin is not endangered in the 21st century .
It is found in Cameroon , Central African Republic , Ghana , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , and possibly Gabon .
Carlos Manuel Bocanegra -LRB- born May 25 , 1979 -RRB- is an American soccer player who plays for French Ligue 1 club Saint - Étienne and is the captain of the United States national team .
From the beginning , Christians were subject to various persecutions .
Travel and research In 1735 Linnaeus moved to the Netherlands , where he was to spend the next three years .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine and Physiology in 1903 '' in recognition of his contribution to the treatment of diseases , especially lupus vulgaris , with concentrated light radiation , whereby he has opened a new avenue for medical science . ''
Coulonges-Cohan is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Located on the River Pedieos and situated almost in the centre of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business centre .
The service allows users to upload files of up to 200 MB each for free and 10 GB for paid subscribers .
The singles '' Outshined '' and '' Rusty Cage '' were able to find an audience at alternative rock radio and MTV .
1825 & ndash ; French American Revolutionary War General Lafayette speaks at what would become Lafayette Square , Buffalo , during his visit to the United States .
Charles Darwin wrote the first well-known treatise on carnivorous plants in 1875 .
The International Paralympic Committee -LRB- IPC -RRB- has established six disability categories .
The city is governed by the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality , headed by Ron Huldai .
About 75 % of people experience '' limb onset '' ALS .
In 1795 , Nicholas Jacques ContÃ discovered a method of mixing powdered graphite with clay and forming the mixture into rods that were then fired in a kiln .
Auburn University -LRB- AU or Auburn -RRB- is a public university located in Auburn , Alabama , United States .
Its capital is the city of Affoltern am Albis .
Scott Young -LRB- April 14 , 1918 & ndash ; June 12 , 2005 -RRB- was a Canadian journalist , sportswriter , novelist and the father of musician Neil Young .
The 1992 Pacific hurricane season was the most active Pacific hurricane season on record .
Marske has a range of local shops and a mixture of light industries on the Longbeck Industrial Estate .
While it is true that only Mersenne numbers M ` p , where p = 2 , 3 , 5 , â could be prime , often M ' p is not prime even for a prime exponent p/O. The smallest counterexample is the Mersenne number
April 21 -- Geraldo Rivera opens Al Capone 's secret vault on The Mystery of Al Capone 's Vault , discovering only a bottle of moonshine .
You have created a country of the October , The able Motherland of free people .
In nature , chinchillas live in social groups that resemble colonies but are properly called herds .
Some hits by Ekimyan were chosen for the '' Song of the Year '' all-Soviet festivals during the 1970s - '80s '' Pesnya goda '' \/O/ '' Song of the Year '' festival 's archive -LRB- 1976 -- 1982 -RRB- .
Beast is covered in blue fur and has a genius level I.Q. , as well as heightened strength and agility .
Robin van Persie -LRB- born 6 August 1983 -RRB- is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for English Premier League club Arsenal and the Netherlands .
The simplest removal option is to brush the paper with water .
Jesus Freak Hideout link
Moyes ' father , David Snr is a scout at Everton and previously a coach at Drumchapel Amateurs where Moyes began his career , his full-time occupation was a draughtsman . Moyes ' mother , Joan hailed from Portrush in Northern Ireland and worked in clothes stores in Glasgow .
Parfouru-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
At the end of Yom Kippur , one considers oneself absolved by God .
Archaeological excavations in Imwas started in the late 19th century and continue nowadays : Clermont-Ganneau -LRB-/O1874/O-RRB- , J. - B. Guillemot -LRB- 1883 -- 1887 -RRB- , Dominican Fathers L. - H. Vincent & F. - M. Abel -LRB- 1924 -- 1930 -RRB- Vincent , Abel '' Emmaüs '' , Paris , 1932 , Y. Hirschfeld -LRB-/O1975/O-RRB- Y. Hirschfeld , '' A Hidraulic Installation in the Water-Supply System of Emmaus-Nicopolis '' , IEJ , 1978 .
Everton 's second successful era started when Harry Catterick was made manager in 1961 .
The Missouri Valley Football Conference has a convoluted history .
Abdou Diouf -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- born September 7 , 1935Biography at Socialist Party website . -RRB-
King Edmund , Queen Susan and Tumnus the Faun are visitors in the country of Calormen , where Prince Rabadash wants to force Susan to marry him .
Geography Samobor is located west of Zagreb , between the eastern slopes of the Samoborsko gorje -LRB- , the eastern part of the Žumberak Mountain -RRB- , in the Sava River valley .
In 1979 , Piper left BBC Radio Solent to join Two Counties Radio in Bournemouth , as the station 's first Programme Controller .
Hiroyuki Takeda is a Japanese football player .
Each pseudostem can produce a bunch of green bananas which when ripened often turn yellow or sometimes red .
Fluency shaping approaches are often taught in intensive group therapy programs , which may take two to three weeks to complete , but more recently the Camperdown program , using a much shorter schedule , has been shown to be effective .
Extending the head and both arms , or even the hand , into a car window to solicit .
Privacy : A person editing an article which is highly controversial within his\/her family , social or professional circle , and whose Wikipedia identity is known within that circle , or traceable to their real-world identity , may wish to use an alternative account to avoid real-world consequences from their editing or other Wikipedia actions in that area .
It is analogous to an animal 's skeleton .
Stuart is the only city in Martin County , Florida , on Florida 's Treasure Coast .
Myerson has worked on economic analysis of political institutions and written several major survey papers : '' Analysis of Democratic Institutions : Structure , Conduct , and Performance , '' Journal of Economic Perspectives 9:1 -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , 77 89 .
Calc is also capable of writing spreadsheets directly as PDF files .
Jack Beven and Eric S. Blake -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
It is unfretted , and played much like a violin , being held horizontally under the chin .
A router is a networking device whose software and hardware are customized to the tasks of routing and forwarding information .
Originally , Jewish Christians met in synagogues , such as the Cenacle , and in one another 's homes .
Of a total of some 80 published compositions . nearly a half are currently available on CD , the most popular being the overture The Naiades Op 15 , the Chamber Trio Op 26 , and the Piano Concerto No. 4 , Op 19 .
Like the Nile , the Niger floods yearly ; this begins in September , peaks in November , and finishes by May .
i
Rockstar Games have developed their own game engine called the Rockstar Advanced Game Engine -LRB- RAGE -RRB- to facilitate game development on the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows , and Wii systems .
The superior court of the Isle of Man is the High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man , consisting of a Civil Division and an appeal division , called the Staff of Government Division .
The traditional recipe , registered in 1982 by the Bolognese delegation of Accademia Italiana della Cucina , confines the ingredients to beef , pancetta , onions , tomato paste , meat broth , white wine , and milk or cream .
In the Immunity Challenge , Koror had an early lead , but Ulong made a slight comeback .
It is about a one hour drive from Cologne -LRB- KÃ ln -RRB- , just south of Bonn , the former West German capital .
The resulting strings are dipped in oil or molten wax , which seeps into the tiny holes of the material , resulting in smoother writing .
Langkawi is a duty-free island .
Intensive pronouns , also known as emphatic pronouns , re-emphasize a noun or pronoun that has already been mentioned .
In 2005 , Adobe Systems acquired Macromedia ; subsequently , in 2007 , Adobe Flash CS3 Professional , the next version of Macromedia Flash was released .
The series primarily focuses on Kyle Katarn , a character from the Star Wars Expanded Universe .
Despite the acclaim they received , Durey did not participate in the group 's 1921 collaborative work Les mariÃ s de la tour Eiffel , a decision which was a source of great irritation to Jean Cocteau .
The Bloc QuÃ bÃ cois -LRB- BQ -RRB- is a federal political party founded in 1990 by future PQ leader Lucien Bouchard . It holds close ties to the Parti QuÃ bÃ cois , and shares its principal objective : sovereignty .
The capital and largest city is Tallinn .
Earthquakes are measured with a seismometer ; a device which also records is known as a seismograph .
In 1994 , engineers at Apple Computer code-named the Power Macintosh 7100 '' Carl Sagan '' in the hope that Apple would make '' billions and billions '' with the sale of the PowerMac 7100 .
On 27 January 2010 he signed for Premier League side Portsmouth on loan for the rest of the 2009 -- 10 season , and made his debut in the defeat at Manchester City four days later , coming on as a late substitute for Hayden Mullins .
Erlinsbach is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Their maternal grandfather was Numitor , rightful king of Alba Longa , a descendant of the Trojan prince , Aeneas and father to Rhea Silvia -LRB- also known as Ilia -RRB- .
This accomplished , the junta at once fell under suspicion , and Jovellanos was involved in its fall .
Most cases of HCC are secondary to either a viral hepatitide infection -LRB- hepatitis B or C -RRB- or cirrhosis -LRB- alcoholism being the most common cause of hepatic cirrhosis -RRB- .
The story of the Wistert brothers at Michigan began when Whitey 's Carl Schurz High School classmate John Kowalik was invited to visit the University of Michigan .
The 250,000 residents of Barbados spent the night of September 13 in shelters .
It is used for Test cricket , One Day International cricket , some rugby league and rugby union matches , and is the home ground for the New South Wales Blues cricket team and the Sydney Swans of the Australian Football League .
The match that followed was the Triple Threat match between Kurt Angle , Rey Mysterio and Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship .
Kevin Dennis Kurányi -LRB- born 2 March 1982 -RRB- is a German footballer who plays in Russia for Dynamo Moscow .
This eye signaled the storm 's peak strength of 70 mph -LRB- 110 km\/h -RRB- , just below hurricane status .
The proof of a mathematical theorem is a logical argument demonstrating that the conclusions are a necessary consequence of the hypotheses , in the sense that if the hypotheses are true then the conclusions must also be true , without any further assumptions .
A Regierungsbezirk is a type of administrative region in Germany , a subdivision of certain federal states -LRB- Bundesländer -RRB- .
At the end of his life , he was adding some Wagner roles , including Loge from Das Rheingold .
After Sasuke defects from Konoha at the end of Part I , Sakura pleads for Naruto to bring him back , which Naruto promises he will do .
Hough , J.N. '' The Reverse Comic Foil in Plautus , '' The American Philological Association 73 -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , pp .
The Story of a Trooper ; with much concerning the Campaign on the Peninsula , -LRB- 1861 -- 1862 , -RRB- N. York , 1865 , 12mo .
The words were written in 1908 by vaudeville star Jack Norworth , who while riding a subway train , was inspired by a sign that said '' Baseball Today -- Polo Grounds '' .
Ternopol ' -RRB- , is a city in western Ukraine , located on the banks of the Seret River .
Michael Howe -LRB- 1787 â '' 21 October 1818 -RRB- was a bushranger in Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- now Tasmania -RRB- .
The resurrection established Jesus as the powerful Son of God and is cited as proof that God will judge the world in righteousness .
ISBN 0140206590 .
The Synoptic gospels of Mark -LRB- 1:14 -20 -RRB- , Matthew -LRB- 4:18 -22 -RRB- , and Luke -LRB- 5:1 -11 -RRB- describe how Jesus recruited four of his apostles from the shores of Lake Galilee : the fishermen Simon and his brother Andrew and the brothers John and James .
50 Psychology Classics , -LRB-/O2007/O-RRB- : p. 2 .
Maihama Station is a train station operated by East Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR East -RRB- and located in Urayasu , Chiba , Japan .
One of his most famous achievements was at the outbreak of the Second Punic War , when he marched an army , which included war elephants , from Iberia over the Pyrenees and the Alps into northern Italy .
The Dome of the Rock -LRB- , translit/O. : Masjid Qubbat As-Sakhrah , , translit/O. : Kipat Hasela -RRB- is an Islamic shrine and major landmark located on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem .
Yasuomi Kugisaki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Honda Lock S.C. .
Never Mind the Bollocks , Here 's the Sex Pistols is the first and only studio album recorded by the Sex Pistols , a highly influential and controversial English punk band .
The primary circadian '' clock '' in mammals is located in the suprachiasmatic nucleus -LRB- or nuclei -RRB- -LRB- SCN -RRB- , a pair of distinct groups of cells located in the hypothalamus .
Many large snowmaking operations -LRB- like ski resorts -RRB- use this type of compressor .
Later -LRB- after Buddha 's death -RRB- , the early Buddhist schools came into being due to various schisms , but there is still some unclarity concerning the specific schisms that occurred , and the order in which they occurred .
It is also , uniquely , the chapel of Christ Church , the largest college of the University of Oxford .
's first broadcast moved from Sky One to Sky Sports .
Frost and Kemp were married for 5 years and separated for 2 ; they divorced on 19 August 1995 .
The Oilers were founded on November 1 , 1971 , with the team playing its first season in 1972 as one of twelve founding franchises of the major professional World Hockey Association -LRB- WHA -RRB- .
WAVE or WAV , short for Waveform Audio File Format , -LRB- also , but rarely , named , Audio for Windows -RRB- is a Microsoft and IBM audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on PCs .
FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE The Free Software Foundation may publish new , revised versions of the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time .
Her mother , Dr Josiane Serre , was a chemist who became a President of a French university.Penelopes.org Her father is Fields Medal and Abel prize winning mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre .
1922 & ndash ; Ulysses by James Joyce is published .
In 2005 , the Czech conductor , Ji í B lohlávek was named the orchestra 's 12th Chief Conductor , the first former BBC SO Principal Guest Conductor to become its Chief Conductor .
China 's plan to be engaged in many places along oil and gas roads is evident .
Released on 3 September 2007 , Beyond the Neighbourhood was a self-produced collection of low-key songs , viewed as a disappointment by some , Beyond The Neighbourhood album review from Guardian Unlimited and an interesting sidestep by others .
A trowel is one of several similar hand tools used for digging , smoothing , or otherwise moving around small amounts of viscous or particulate material .
Louis de France -LRB- 1 November 1661 â '' 14 April 1711 -RRB- was the eldest son and heir of Louis XIV , King of France and of his spouse , Maria Theresa of Spain .
Conteville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is located in a most secluded part of Gulf of Kotor .
This category is for people who are publicly known as members or former members of the Church of Scientology .
Matt a fourteen your old boy living on Long Island in 1973 takes a job with Dan a clam digger so that he can earn enough money to buy a used Boston Whaler .
Other than four , the most common number of parts are three , five , six and eight .
Flesh is the biological tissue of a person or animal located between the skin and the bones .
Noel Ernest Edmonds , -LRB- born 22 December 1948 -RRB- is a British broadcaster and executive , who made his name as a DJ on BBC Radio 1 in the UK .
American Sign Language , or ASL , for a time also called Ameslan , is the dominant sign language of Deaf Americans , including deaf communities in the United States , in the English-speaking parts of Canada , and in some regions of Mexico .
Wood was in a relationship with singer Marilyn Manson , to whom she was engaged in 2010 .
Not long afterward , she indicated to a reporter that she was '' thinking of dropping out of women 's competition altogether . ''
This moth is found in North America from east of the Great Plains in the United States to northern Mexico and from Manitoba eastward through central Quebec to Nova Scotia in Canada .
It is commonly used to represent the speed of an object when it is traveling close to or above the speed of sound .
Before he was injured , Butcher was close to signing a Â # 1million return to England with Manchester United , but his injury saw the transfer canceled and United manager Alex Ferguson signed Norwich City 's Steve Bruce instead .
Proponents of Laserdisc argue that Laserdisc maintains a '' smoother '' , more '' film-like '' , natural image while DVD still looks slightly more artificial .
Dr. John Breeding , a controversial social critic of psychiatric practices who is closely allied with the Church of Scientology through its Citizens Commission for Human Rights , claims that '' Electroshock always causes brain damage '' .
A G-string -LRB- alternatively gee-string or gee string -RRB- is a type of underwear , a narrow piece of cloth , leather , or plastic , that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips , worn as swimwear or underwear by both men and women .
C.
Although actual residents are very few , the principality claims a world-wide citizenry of 13,000 .
Souraïde -LRB- Basque Zuraide -RRB- is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Label = 13th Floor Records -LRB- original -RRB- Triple X -LRB-/O1989/O-RRB- Time Bomb Recordings -LRB-/O1995/O-RRB-
Jazz fusion to me is the hardest music to play .
2 and two may mean :
Founded in 1920 as SC Angoulême , the club is well-known as AS Angoulême , a name the club bore from 1948 to 1992 .
The country is landlocked and mountainous , containing most of the Hindu Kush .
However , '' Control of the Knife '' is more inspired by reggae and ska , while '' Ca n't Speak French '' employs '' jazzy guitar changes '' and '' Black Jacks '' recall '' sixties psychedelica '' .
It is usually -LRB- and misleadingly -RRB- said that the electrons in this shell make up its valence electrons , that is , the electrons that determine how the atom behaves in chemical reactions .
The sound effect originates from a series of sound effects recorded for the 1951 film Distant Drums .
Touët-sur-Var is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The lyrics are often in the extinct language Gaulish .
On March 6 , 2006 the storyline had Stratus confronting James , telling her that they needed time apart from each other .
Though his novels remain among the least-appreciated of his works , they have been given renewed attention via film adaptations by Satyajit Ray and others : Chokher Bali and Ghare Baire are exemplary .
University of Central Oklahoma & ndash ; Edmond , Oklahoma
The state is famed for its beaches and sand dunes , and the air is , according to NASA , the second-cleanest in the world after Antarctica .
Among his most popular works is his Tarantella in G minor and his Fantasia on a Theme by Schumann , both for piano solo .
Lester Russel Brown -LRB- born March 28 , 1934 in Bridgeton , New Jersey -RRB- is an American environmentalist , founder of the Worldwatch Institute , and founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute , a nonprofit research organization based in Washington , D.C. BBC Radio commentator Peter Day calls him '' one of the great pioneer environmentalists . ''
On New Years Day 1945 Lloyd George was raised to the peerage as Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor and Viscount Gwynedd , of Dwyfor in the County of Caernarvonshire .
Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland -LRB- commonly shortened to Alice in Wonderland -RRB- is an 1865 novel written by English author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll .
Joseph Clifford Montana , Jr. , -LRB- born June 11 , 1956 -RRB- , nicknamed Joe Cool and Comeback Joe , is a retired American football player whose professional career in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- spanned the late 1970s through the mid-1990s .
1957 & ndash ; Camp Nou , the largest stadium in Europe , is opened in Barcelona .
The definition is : the body of law dealing with the private relations between members of a community ; it contrasts with criminal law , military law and ecclesiastical law .
There was also the death of Roland Ratzenberger at the Villeneuve Corner in the Saturday qualifying session , and the death of Ayrton Senna during the race itself at the 6th-gear Tamburello Corner .
Some sexually transmitted HPV types may cause genital warts .
Guarino da Verona , Italian humanist -LRB- d. 1460 -RRB-
It is used to make chocolate , biscuits , baked goods , pharmaceuticals , ointments , and toiletries .
Yasuhito Suzuki -LRB- born December 19 , 1959 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury PC , FRS -LRB- 30 April 1834 -- 28 May 1913 -RRB- , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Bt from 1865 until 1900 , was an English banker , biologist , archaeologist and Liberal politician .
It replaced lead -LRB- II -RRB- oxide in the production of certain kinds of glass such as optical crown glass . While lead oxide raised the refractive index , it also raised the dispersive power , which barium oxide does not alter .
Folds to Doctor Evil 's demands after seeing him play a clip from Independence Day , to show them what his laser could do .
He is also the founder of the production company Syncopy Films .
Established in 1960 in response to increasing attempts to silence voices of dissent by imprisoning writers , the Writers in Prison Committee monitors the cases of over 900 writers who have been imprisoned , tortured , threatened , attacked , made to disappear , and killed for the peaceful practice of their profession .
In Russia and Belarus it is called pirog -LRB- -LRB- pl .
It is situated in a valley on the River Elbe , near the Czech border .
System interconnects such as computer buses and switches
Notably , he served as chairman of the Independent Working Group on the future of the United Nations and as one of three ` Wise Men ' appointed by European Commission President Romano Prodi to consider the future of the European Union .
Danson , Wendt and Rhea Perlman were the only actors to appear in every episode of the series .
In 1851 the Great Exhibition was held in Hyde Park , London , for which the so-called Crystal Palace was built .
Lavrentiy Pavlovich Beria -LRB- or Beriya ; ; ; 29 March 1899 â '' 23 December 1953 -RRB- was a Georgian Soviet politician , and chief of the Soviet security and secret police apparatus -LRB- NKVD -RRB- under Joseph Stalin .
They are divided into a smaller northern group with six islets , and a larger southern group , separated by a passage wide .
The infection is commonly transmitted to humans by allowing water that has been contaminated by animal urine to come in contact with unhealed breaks in the skin , the eyes , or with the mucous membranes .
freeholder
Waffles can be desserts and breakfasts .
'' Chaos Ridden Years '' refers to a documentary featuring interviews with band members about the history of the band , and footage of the band on tour .
Austin and Danielle were exiled together , while the winners enjoyed a big breakfast in a rain-soaked bed .
The severe Norman west front was also rebuilt by Hugh de Goldclif -- although how is uncertain , it was very costly but its ` rapid ' weathering and later alterations have erased all but fragments .
'' Life in the Cloudy Imperial Fishbowl , '' Japan Times .
Island of the Blue Dolphins is a 1960 American children 's novel written by Scott O'Dell .
Franz LehÃ r -LRB- 30 April 1870 - 24 October 1948 -RRB- was a Hungarian composer who worked mostly in Austria .
Quaid had starring roles in the films Enemy Mine -LRB-/O1985/O-RRB- and Innerspace -LRB-/O1987/O-RRB- .
Topkap Palace is among those monuments belonging to the '' Historic Areas of Istanbul '' , which became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985 , and is described in Criterion iv as '' the best example s of ensembles of palaces ... of the Ottoman period . ''
Instrumentation is defined as the art and science of measurement and control .
The pitch is surrounded by four all-seater stands , the Sir Bobby Robson Stand , the Cobbold Stand , the South Stand and the Britannia Stand .
Glittering Treasures -RRB- - Love Hina Again , Opening Be For You , Be For Me - Love Hina Again , Ending Yakusoku -LRB- lit .
The population was 1,267 at the 2000 Census .
History In 1604 , Tomsk was established under a decree from Tsar Boris Godunov .
-LRB-/O2011/O-RRB- Absolute Midnight -LRB- third book of the Abarat Quintet -RRB-
Since 19 November 2008 , the Prime Minister has been John Key of the National Party .
His management company was named NEMS Enterprises , after his family 's music stores , called NEMS -LRB- North End Music Stores -RRB- .
The Senegal national football team , nicknamed the Lions of Teranga , is the national team of Senegal and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration SÃ nÃ galaise de Football .
This article is about the jersey worn by the world champion in cycling .
Epstein was then offered a contract by Martin on behalf of EMI 's small Parlophone label , even though they had previously been rejected by almost every other British record company .
It is colorless , odorless , and tasteless , but highly toxic .
Rifled muskets of the mid-19th century were significantly more accurate , with the ability to hit a man sized target at up to .
Taupe -LRB- -RRB- refers to a dark grayish-brown color .
ZvoriÅ tea is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Lavatory - Lovestory is a 2007 Russian animated short film directed by Konstantin Bronzit , about a lavatory attendant who finds a flower bouquet in her tip jar .
Several options presented here have been discussed , months ago , in the talk-page , Template_talk : Convert .
Type O Negative is a heavy metal band from Brooklyn , New York City .
The Kingdom of Tungning -LRB- -RRB- is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng -LRB- Cheng -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- or the Kingdom of Yanping -LRB- -RRB- .
Relationships in genetics and genealogy , such as Lineage -LRB- evolution -RRB- and kinship and descent
In 1793 , Mission San Antonio de Valero was secularized .
Almost a year later , in August 1981 , Voyager 2 continued the study of the Saturn system .
The Games were opened by Queen Elizabeth II , as head of state of Canada , and several members of the Royal Family attended the opening ceremonies .
Tony Brown was educated at Castle Rushen and has since been an electrician , being the proprietor of Tony Brown Electrics in Castletown until its closure in 2010 . He was elected as a member of Castletown Commissioners in 1976 , becoming Chairman in 1980 before being elected as the Castletown MHK in 1981 at his first attempt .
Sandro Salvadore -LRB- 29 November 1939 4 January 2007 -RRB- was an Italian footballer .
In the original plan for the episode , Brooks -LRB- who improvised much of his dialogue -RRB- was to voice a Swedish tennis coach called Björn , with the episode to be titled '' Björn To Be Wild '' .
1685 & ndash ; John Gay , British writer -LRB- d. 1732 -RRB-
Gouy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Catalonia is divided into four provinces : Barcelona , Girona , Lleida , and Tarragona .
Woodbury is a city in Butler County , Kentucky , United States .
Robert H. Cobb , owner of the Brown Derby and the creator of the Cobb salad
Aldous Leonard Huxley -LRB- 26 July 1894 â '' 22 November 1963 -RRB- was an English writer and one of the most prominent members of the famous Huxley family .
Stacy London -LRB- born May 25 , 1969 in New York , New York -RRB- is a fashion consultant and media personality known primarily for her role as co-host on What Not to Wear , a reality program that features makeovers .
Izanagi retorts that a thousand and five hundred will be born every day .
Ian and Jenn tied 2-2 , and they were still deadlocked 1-1 after Tom and Katie re-voted .
Montigny is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to modulate , it is encountered in a small fraction of keyboard music , and has been most popular in Russian pieces .
Cabell '' Cab '' Calloway III -LRB- December 25 , 1907 & ndash ; November 18 , 1994 -RRB- was an American jazz singer and bandleader .
This sport and its champions were described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Karl Philipp Moritz , Christian Joseph Jagemann , Richard Colt Hoare , Jacob Burckhardt , William Wetmore Story , Giacomo Leopardi , Edmondo de Amicis , Giuseppe Baretti , Antonio Francesco Grazzini , Ottavio Rinuccini , Gabriello Chiabrera , Tommaso Grossi , Giuseppe Gioachino Belli .
Armor for Sleep was an American rock band from New Jersey , formed in 2001 and disbanded in 2009 .
Vire is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ralph Vaughan Williams was particularly pleased with their recording of his Oboe Concerto .
In the absence of significant aberrations , the smallest possible blur circle is the Airy disc , which is caused by diffraction from the optical system 's aperture .
Fushigi Boshi no Futago Hime
Saint-Selve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In the Olympian scheme , Zeus is the father of her twins , Pindar consistently refers to Apollo and Artemis as twins ; other sources instead give separate birthplaces for the siblings .
Zeus granted her wish , but she failed to ask for eternal youth for him and he wound up aging eternally .
December 24 & ndash ; Pope Boniface VIII succeeds Pope Celestine V as the 193rd pope after Celestine V abdicates the papacy on December 13 , only 5 months after reluctantly accepting his surprise election on July 5 , wishing to return to his life as an ascetic hermit .
Alden B. Dow -LRB- April 10 1904 , Midland , Michigan -- August 20 1983 -RRB- was an American architect ; he was the son of Herbert Henry Dow -LRB- founder of the Dow Chemical Company -RRB- and Grace A. Dow .
First made by Abbott Laboratories , the brand was bought by Chattem in 2002 .
Compare the Armenian dram for a currency whose name bears a similar origin .
The first verse , as originally composed , had an overtly patriotic stance , which typified its pre-first world war era .
The Lib Dems are the third-largest party in the UK Parliament , behind Labour and the Conservatives .
He was seen by many people as a national hero .
Twister is a 1996 American disaster film starring Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton as '' storm chasers '' researching tornadoes .
Die Entführung aus dem Serail -LRB- K. 384 ; The Abduction from the Seraglio ; also known as Il Seraglio -RRB- is an opera Singspiel in three acts by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Finally , a microneedle approach , which is still in stages of development , seems to be the vaccine of the future , the microneedle , which is '' pointed projections fabricated into arrays that can create vaccine delivery pathways through the skin '' .
In 1804 , he gave money to Talleyrand to purchase Château de Valençay , a large estate outside Paris .
This was a compilation of his letters to Thomas Pennant , the leading British zoologist of the day , and the Hon .
JosÃ Manuel Ochotorena Santacruz -LRB- born 16 January 1961 in San SebastiÃ n , Gipuzkoa -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Arctic ecology is the scientific study of the relationships between biotic and abiotic factors in the arctic , the region north of the Arctic Circle -LRB- 66 33 â -RRB- .
The second - , third - , and fifth-generation iPod Shuffle uses a single 3.5 mm jack which acts as both a headphone jack and a data port for the dock . The dock connector also allowed the iPod to connect to accessories , which often supplement the iPod 's music , video , and photo playback .
1890 & ndash ; Adolfo Ruiz Cortines , President of Mexico -LRB- d. 1973 -RRB-
He divided the Persian Empire into 20 provinces , each under the supervision of a governor or satrap .
They have been cited as an influence by various musical artists , including Metallica , Austin Chronicle Music Rush 's 30th Anniversary Tour .
For she brings with her a jar or , in most stories , a box containing '' burdensome toil and sickness that brings death to men '' -LRB- 91 â '' 2 -RRB- , diseases -LRB- 102 -RRB- and '' a myriad other pains '' -LRB- 100 -RRB- .
ISBN 0-9607000-0-5 Padmasambhava , translated by Erik Pema Kunsang -LRB- 1999 -RRB- Dakini Teachings .
Smith 's own plant collection is also held by the Society .
They had three children and it was rumored that Elizabeth was already pregnant at the time of the marriage .
and has branched into such as anti-pornography feminism , opposed by sex-positive feminism .
Blood , Peter , ed .
West Ham United In June 2007 , West Ham United signed Scott Parker for # 7 million .
The Ediacaran Period -LRB- ; named after the Ediacara Hills of South Australia -RRB- is the last geological period of the Neoproterozoic Era and of the Proterozoic Eon , immediately preceding the Cambrian Period , the first period of the Paleozoic Era and of the Phanerozoic Eon .
It was the first storm of the season .
Other types of bow The Chinese yazheng and yaqin , and Korean ajaeng zithers are generally played by '' bowing '' with a rosined stick , which creates friction against the strings without any horsehair .
Fibre-reinforced plastic -LRB- FRP -RRB- -LRB- also fibre-reinforced polymer -RRB- are composite materials made of a polymer matrix reinforced with fibres .
The resignation was considered a '' surprise '' , and both pundits and opposition politicians labeled it '' an overreaction '' .
Slash fiction , a genre of fan fiction dealing with same-sex relationships or sexual encounters
-LRB- France : 18 ships of the line and 8 others .
A vulnerable species is a species which is likely to become endangered unless the circumstances threatening its survival and reproduction improve .
At , its nave is the longest of any cathedral in England .
Rutgers is the largest university within New Jersey 's state university system , and it was ranked 54th in the world academically in a 2008 survey conducted by the Institute of Higher Education at Shanghai Jiao Tong University .
According to the 2010 census of Pakistan , the district had a population of 5 million of which 60.07 % were urban , making it second-most urbanised district of Sindh .
Guildford is the county town of Surrey .
A video capture card inside a computer case is not part of the core computer but is contained in the case .
Brawl for the Wii in 2008 .
John Paintsil -LRB- born 15 June 1981 in Berekum -RRB- is a half French-Ghanaian -LRB- as stated at Goal.com -RRB- footballer who plays for Fulham .
A keen motorist -LRB- who progressed from a motorcycle to a series of fast cars -RRB- , he took a pragmatic approach .
The Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded once a year by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences . It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901 ; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , Nobel Prize in Literature , Nobel Peace Prize , and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
Maurice De Bevere -LRB- December 1 , 1923 - July 16 , 2001 -RRB- , better known as Morris , was a Belgian cartoonist and the creator of Lucky Luke .
Julio Alberto Moreno Casas -LRB- born 7 October 1958 in Candás , Asturias -RRB- , known as Julio Alberto , is a former Spanish footballer , a gifted offensive left defender .
The Druze -LRB- , plural , dur z , druzim -RRB- are a religious community found primarily in Syria , Lebanon , Israel , and Jordan , whose traditional religion is said to have begun as an offshoot of Islam , but is unique in its incorporation of Gnosticism , Neoplatonism and other philosophies , similar to other followers of Ismaili Shi'a Islam .
The underside is off-white to light gray but the demarcation between the sides is indistinct .
Twelve dozen -LRB- 122 = 144 , the duodecimal 100 -RRB- are known as a gross ; and twelve gross -LRB- 123 = 1,728 , the duodecimal 1,000 -RRB- are called a great gross , a term most often used when shipping or buying items in bulk .
Sunny ca n't talk quite as well as the others because she 's only a baby -LRB- possibly around one year old -RRB- , but the baby noises that she makes are often very well translated into common English words by Klaus and Violet .
The Eastern Orthodox Church accepts Psalm 151 as canonical . Roman Catholics , Protestants , and most Jews consider it apocryphal .
Aether -LRB- also Æther , -RRB- , in Greek mythology , is one of the Protogenoi , the first-born elemental gods .
It is referring to the integrated management of design on the level of management , organization and strategy as well as to the management of the design system of the company .
General reception The film received mixed reviews from critics .
M&M 's originated in the United States in 1941 , and are now sold in over 100 countries .
The Frankenwald -LRB- Franconian Forest -RRB- is a mid-altitude mountain range in Northern Bavaria , Germany .
However , his students pronounce it with two syllables .
Chantilly has some land area that is located in Loudoun County , Virginia .
Misao Tamai -LRB- born December 16 , 1903 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
As Opeth 's first international release , the album exposed the band to a wider global audience .
NepaLinux is a Debian and Morphix based operating system focused on desktop usage in Nepali language computing .
Chisels used in metal work can be divided into two main categories : hot chisels and cold chisels .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , and lozenge forms manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels .
The WWE reportedly suspended ten wrestlers named in the controversy , though Batista was not one of them .
He lost only one match over the year , and posted straight pool runs of 100 or more in 24 out of the 250 exhibitions .
It has been awarded 35 times to 30 different coaches .
One story says that she was exposed naked in the public square and a miraculous snowfall in mid-spring covered her nudity .
In written documents , Temerin is mentioned for the first time in 1332 in the receipt by the pope , issued to Laurentius de Temeri , parish priest , for the payment of popeâ s tax . Temerin was part of Hungarian Kingdom until battle of MohÃ cs in 1526 .
In an interview published in 1995 , Ayers characterized his political beliefs at that time and in the 1960s and 1970s : '' I am a radical , Leftist , small ` c ' communist ... -LRB- Laughs -RRB- Maybe I 'm the last communist who is willing to admit it .
Yuzo Tamura is a retired Japanese football player .
Geffen Records is an American record label , owned by Universal Music Group , and operated as one third of UMG 's Interscope-Geffen-A & M label group .
Let us assume the bias is V and the barrier width is W . This probability , P , that an electron at z = 0 -LRB- left edge of barrier -RRB- can be found at z = W -LRB- right edge of barrier -RRB- is proportional to the wave function squared , : .
Bracha Peli -LRB- 1892-1986 -RRB- was the owner of Massada , a publishing company in Israel , and the driving force behind the publication of The General Encyclopedia and Encyclopaedia Hebraica .
Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis -LRB- Vietnamese : Thá n lá n Phong Nha-K á '' BÃ ng -RRB- is a species of gecko native to Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park , Quang Binh province , Bac Trung Bo , Vietnam .
SC Magna Wiener Neustadt is an Austrian association football club based in Wiener Neustadt .
The group had several hit singles in the UK , Australia and the U.S. during the early 1980s .
The site today is located in modern day Israel inside Canada Park .
Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Dera Ismail Khan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Bassist Jason Everman was fired immediately after Soundgarden completed its promotional tour for Louder Than Love in mid-1990 ; Thayil said that '' Jason just did n't work out . ''
The Chicago Blackhawks -LRB- spelled as Black Hawks before 1986 , and also known colloquially as the Hawks -RRB- are a professional ice hockey team based in Chicago , Illinois .
As the infection progresses , muscle spasms develop in the jaw -LRB- thus the name '' lockjaw '' -RRB- and elsewhere in the body .
Established in 1672 for Bernhard , fourth son of Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe-Weimar , Saxe-Jena was reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard 's line in 1690 .
Anderson first began touring the U.S. in 1987 , and released her debut album in 1989 .
FC Wacker Innsbruck is an Austrian football club from Innsbruck .
The Germans called this '' the final solution to the Jewish question ... '' from the Hebrew for '' destruction '' -RRB- , was the genocide of approximately six million European Jews during World War II , a program of systematic state-sponsored extermination by Nazi Germany .
Early years Alexander Bell was born in Edinburgh , Scotland on March 3 , 1847 .
The Fedora Project is a project sponsored by Red Hat to co-ordinate the development of the Fedora operating system .
At the end of the 1980s , just before abandoning its entryist strategy , Militant led the All-Britain Anti-Poll Tax Federation , which , through a successful '' non-payment '' campaign , resulted in the defeat of Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's '' flag ship '' Community Charge legislation .
The Kansas Turnpike was built from 1954 to 1956 , predating the Interstate Highway System .
For her contribution to the motion picture industry , Claudette Colbert has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6812 Hollywood Blvd .
Lobamba is the traditional and legislative capital of Swaziland , seat of the Parliament and residence of the Queen Mother .
Craig R. Smith , in '' Criticism of Political Rhetoric and Disciplinary Integrity '' , suggested Lincoln 's view of the government as expressed in the Gettysburg Address was influenced by the noted speech of Massachusetts Senator Daniel Webster , the '' Second Reply to Hayne '' , in which Webster famously thundered '' Liberty and Union , now and forever , one and inseparable ! ''
Fundamentalist Christianity , is a movement that arose mainly within British and American Protestantism in the late 19th century and early 20th century in reaction to modernism and certain liberal Protestant groups that denied doctrines considered fundamental to Christianity yet still called themselves '' Christian . ''
It became their sole developmental territory in early 2008 when they ceased affiliation with Ohio Valley Wrestling .
Fossil members of Loxodonta have only been found in Africa , where they developed in the middle Pliocene .
May 23 & ndash ; The Second Defenestration of Prague & ndash ; Protestant noblemen hold a mock trial and throw two direct representatives of Ferdinand II of Germany -LRB- Imperial Governors -RRB- and their scribe out of a window into a pile of manure , exacerbating a low-key rebellion into the Bohemian Revolt -LRB- 1618 -- 1621 -RRB- precipitating the Thirty Years ' War into armed conflict and further polarizing Europe on religious grounds .
When Thomas Jefferson moved into the house in 1801 , he -LRB- with architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe -RRB- expanded the building outward , creating two colonnades that were meant to conceal stables and storage .
Amuro released her third greatest hits album Best Fiction on July 30 , 2008 .
The penny sterling -LRB- plural pence , abbreviation p -RRB- is a subdivision of pound sterling , the currency for the United Kingdom .
When completed , the tower will be located on the east side of
As in other dromaeosaurids , the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified tendons and super-elongated bone processes .
Attacks and counterattacks swept across Miller 's cornfield and fighting swirled around the Dunker Church .
A related term is thermal energy , loosely defined as the energy of a body that increases with its temperature .
The municipality is officially unilingually Finnish .
Florence Nightingale , OM , RRC -LRB- ; 12 May 1820 -- 13 August 1910 -RRB- , who came to be known as '' The Lady with the Lamp '' , was a pioneering English nurse , writer and noted statistician .
Later it became a cloth mill demonstrating the change of industrial development in the city . Currently it is used as an apartment building .
Venetian proper can be distinguished from Venetian Italian , the variety of Italian influenced by local Venetian features that is also spoken in the region .
Year 1419 -LRB- MCDXIX -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Punta Arenas -LRB- literally in Spanish : '' Sandy Point '' -RRB- is the most prominent settlement on the Strait of Magellan and the capital of the Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region , Chile .
The national flag of Argentina is a triband , composed of three equally wide horizontal bands colored light blue , white and light blue .
Norwood was born into a musically oriented family , his older sister Brandy is a multi-platinum recording artist , and his father Willie Norwood is a well known gospel-singer .
His father , Ferdinando , was a clarinetist and man-about-town .
A string of other commercials followed , as well as a series of odd jobs such as Porky Pig at Astroworld and an aerobics instructor in L.A./LOCATION. In 1989 , O'Connor landed a recurring role in a serial called Teen Angel , featured on the '' New Mickey Mouse Club . ''
Charles Wood -LRB- 15 June 1866 12 July 1926 -RRB- was an Irish composer and teacher .
Featured matches on the undercard included a No Holds Barred match between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon , a Casket match between The Undertaker and Mark Henry , a WWE Women 's Championship match between Mickie James and Trish Stratus and an interpromotional Money in the Bank ladder match featuring six participants .
Discussion of scientists as a special group of people who did science , even if their attributes were up for debate , grew in the last half of the 19th century .
Two of John Paul II 's earliest official visits were to Mexico in January , 1979 and Poland in June 1979 , where he was constantly surrounded by ecstatic crowds .
Authenticity provided Mobutu with his strongest claim to philosophical originality .
The current councillors of Pichilemu are Aldo Polanco Contreras , Andrea Aranda Escudero , Viviana Parraguez Ulloa , Patricio Morales Acevedo , Juan Cornejo Vargas , and Marta UrzÃ a PÃ a .
Ve -LRB- , -RRB- is the third letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the sound .
Beaumont-de-Pertuis is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
During his college days he transferred to United States and graduated from Miami University .
In physics and cosmology , the anthropic principle is the philosophical argument that observations of the physical Universe must be compatible with the conscious life that observes it .
Bonneville-sur-Touques is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
'' Ironic '' is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard and produced by Ballard for Morissette 's third album Jagged Little Pill -LRB-/O1995/O-RRB- .
Billboards where at the later stages of the investigation used in trying to find however did the murders , the billboards that was spread all over Tampa contained images of the Rogers women and a image of the hand-writing of the suspected triple murderer .
Direct current may flow in a conductor such as a wire , but can also be through semiconductors , insulators , or even through a vacuum as in electron or ion beams .
Brose Baskets is a German professional basketball club based in Bamberg , Franconia .
Bamberg is known for its smoked Rauchbier . The most famous is Schlenkerla 's Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier from the Heller brewery ; it can be enjoyed at the Schlenkerla tavern on the Dominikaner Strasse in the Old Town .
Although Freud 's theories on early childhood have been influential on the psychological community , research suggests that the overall pattern of parental attitudes has a much more concrete effect on how an infant will grow up .
Puzzle Quest : Challenge of the Warlords is a game developed by Australian company Infinite Interactive and published by D3 Publisher .
Hans-J ürgen Dörner -LRB- born 1951 -RRB- , football player and coach
Central Europe is an area of the European continent lying between the variously defined areas of Eastern and Western Europe .
The Province of Monza and of Brianza -LRB- in the Western Lombard : '' Prùvincia de Mùnscia e Briansa '' -RRB- is a province of Lombardy , Italy .
Noted as a strong defenceman who could contribute on offence , Bourdon represented Canada in three international tournaments , winning two gold medals at the IIHF World U20 Championship and a silver medal at the IIHF World U18 Championship .
The process of determining which antecedent was intended is known as anaphore resolution .
A low normal to low absolute lymphocyte concentration is associated with increased rates of infection after surgery or trauma .
An avalanche is a rapid flow of snow down a slope , from either natural triggers or human activity .
Letterkenny and the nearby City of Derry form the major economic region of North-West Ireland .
The is a period of Japanese history that marks the governance by the Kamakura Shogunate , officially established in 1192 in Kamakura by the first shogun Minamoto no Yoritomo .
The organization was established on May 12 , 1958 -LRB- an effect of the Cold War -RRB- as a joint command between the governments of Canada and the United States , as the North American Air Defense Command .
Sohawa is an administrative sub-division -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Jhelum District , situated in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Monkeys are generally considered to be intelligent and , unlike apes , monkeys usually have tails .
You could instead run the program in Computing that derives , as on modern computers it is quicker to calculate than it is to download it .
1917 & ndash ; Brad Dexter , American actor -LRB- d. 2002 -RRB-
Petroleum was discovered off the coast of the city in the 1990s , and has become an important export .
Ursula Kroeber Le Guin -LRB- ; born October 21 , 1929 -RRB- is an American author .
The National Socialist German Workers ' Party -LRB- , abbreviated NSDAP -RRB- , commonly known in English as the Nazi Party -LRB- from the Ger .
The nation 's international economy was based on the wool trade , in which the produce of the sheepwalks of northern England was exported to the textile cities of Flanders , where it was worked into cloth .
Those who have the formal power to create legislation are known as legislators ; a judicial branch of government will have the formal power to interpret legislation -LRB- see statutory interpretation -RRB- ; the executive branch of government can act only within the powers and limits set by the law .
The fire broke out at about 4:30 pm on the afternoon of 7 February , and burned through Long Gully and Eaglehawk , coming within of central Bendigo , before it was brought under control late on 8 February .
He also became interested in Baroque music .
With their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010 , Heart made a return to their hard rock\/acoustic roots of the late 70s and scored top 10 success in the US Billboard 200 .
Beyond being a monastery , El Escorial is also a pantheon , a basilica , a convent , a school , a library , and a royal palace .
Guerrero used a DDT and Frog Splash maneuver on Angle that would result in a pin attempt ; Angle then recovered and secured Guerrero with an ankle lock hold .
He continues to play bass ; however now the parts are pre-recorded and are sampled in live gigs through an Apple Powerbook .
First of the Ottonian Dynasty of German kings and emperors , he is generally considered to be the founder and first king of the medieval German state , known until then as East Francia .
Battle of Shusha Nagorno-Karabakh List of Armenians from Shushi List of Azerbaijanis from Nagorno-Karabakh References External links Shusha : from A to Z Shoushi Foundation Shusha by Travel-images .
Günter Wilhelm Grass -LRB- born 16 October 1927 -RRB- is a Nobel Prize-winning German author and playwright .
Methods of dress , preparation of food , application of cosmetics or other hygienic practices are all considered liturgical activities .
However , the terms are often used synonymously along with the term '' Battle Ready '' .
Lommiswil is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
However , the saltire design of the Alabama state flag also resembles that of several other flags , which has led to other origins being put forth as possibilities .
It is often used for chopping herbs or very large single blade versions are sometimes used for pizza or pesto .
These mosques have square or rectangular plans with an enclosed courtyard and covered prayer hall .
After two solid seasons at Alabama , Williams entered the 2003 NBA Draft , and was selected as the 47th pick of the second round by the Utah Jazz .
The pianist reprised the work again with the BSO at Carnegie Hall in New York in the presence of the composer on his 100th birthday .
In sociology , anthropology and cultural studies , a subculture is a group of people with a culture -LRB- whether distinct or hidden -RRB- which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong .
His loan was twice extended by a month , before he was recalled early to Upton Park after having spent seven weeks at The Den , his final appearance in a Millwall shirt coming in another away defeat to Crystal Palace on 7 November .
Boston is also the anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston , home to 4.5 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan area in the country .
Important battles were fought at Ticonderoga in 1758 and 1775 .
In 1934 , the Communists changed their line , and the four left-wing parties came together in the Popular Front , which won the 1936 elections and brought Blum to power as France 's first SFIO Prime Minister .
Aurelian called his sun god Sol Invictus to differentiate him from the earlier Roman god Sol .
Championship After four more wins , including victories over Lee Savold and Harry Matthews , Marciano faced the world heavyweight champion , 38-year-old Jersey Joe Walcott , in Philadelphia on September 23 , 1952 .
A common misconception is that soap increases the water 's surface tension , soap actually does the opposite , decreasing it to approximately one third the surface tension of pure water .
Ï Î Î Î Î Î Ï Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï Î , AnÃ tata EkpaideytikÃ IdrÃ 1\/2 mata , '' Î ` Î Î '' -RRB- and '' Highest Technological Educational Institutions '' -LRB- Î ` Î 1\/2 Ï Ï Î Ï Î Î Î Ï Î 1\/2 Î Î '' Î Î Î Î Î Î Î Ï Î Î Î Î Ï
With the help of the Wee Free Men , the Nac Mac Feegle , 9-year-old Tiffany Aching finds out that her grandmother used to be the witch of the Chalklands , and that she has inherited the trade .
Singles match 17:53 10 Brock Lesnar defeated Kurt Angle -LRB- c -RRB- .
On September 5 , Fabian made a direct hit on Bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph -LRB- 195 km\/h -RRB- .
Ashamed , she jumped into a lake to take the form of a fish , but the waters would not conceal her divine beauty .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
The player selects the new character 's race , such as Orcs or Trolls for the Horde or Humans or Dwarves for the Alliance .
Project 's leader .
The award has been presented annually since 1924 , when Red Grange of Illinois was the award 's first recipient .
The founders and earliest practitioners of these religions -LRB- e.g. Buddhism , Jainism -RRB- lived extremely austere lifestyles refraining from sensual pleasures and the accumulation of material wealth .
The Daejeon area was historically known as Hanbat -LRB- í ë -RRB- , a native Korean term for '' large field '' , during the Joseon Dynasty . The term '' Daejeon '' simply means the same thing in Hanja .
Vyacheslav V. Ivanov , '' Old Novgorodian Nevide , Russian nevidal ' : Greek , '' citing Robert S.P. Beekes , '' Hades and Elysion '' in J. Jasanoff , et al. , eds/O. , Mír Curad : Studies in Honor of Calvert Watkins , 1998 .
Collaborators include Fabolous , Rap.about.com T-Pain , Brisco , Bobby Valentino , Betty Wright , Static Major , Robin Thicke , Kidd Kidd , Jay-Z , ThePremier -LRB- February 25 , 2008 -RRB- .
Henrique HilÃ rio Meireles Alves Sampaio -LRB- born 21 October 1975 -RRB- , known as HilÃ rio , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Chelsea in the Premier League as a goalkeeper .
He met the Danish composers J. P. E. Hartmann and Niels Gade .
Burr , Vivien , '' Buffy vs the BBC : Moral Questions and How to Avoid Them '' Slayageonline.com -LRB- March 2003 -RRB- , p1 .
While the line Laga hai misr ka bazaar dekho changed to Laga hai husn ka bazaar dekho in the movie soundtrack , recordings had already sold in good numbers .
Asnelles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Thus , in this example , more light hitting the photoreceptor results in the transduction of a signal into fewer electrical impulses , effectively communicating that stimulus to the brain .
Les Authieux-Papion is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
By this name , this undomesticated animal entered Chinese mythology as the mount of Jiang Ziya in Fengshen Yanyi -LRB- translated as Investiture of the Gods -RRB- , a Chinese classical fiction written during the Ming Dynasty .
Lark Rise to Candleford -LRB- 1945 , above three novels published as a trilogy -RRB-
Members of this genus range in size from 80-125 mm -LRB- head and body -RRB- and weigh 15-47 grams -LRB- Nowak , 1999 -RRB- .
A number of other desktop environments also exist , including -LRB- but not limited to -RRB- CDE , EDE , GEM , IRIX Interactive Desktop , Sun 's Java Desktop System , Jesktop , Mezzo , Project Looking Glass , ROX Desktop , UDE , Xito , XFast .
Number of speakers About a million people speak a Ripuarian dialect , which constitutes about one quarter of the inhabitants of the area .
The government of Somaliland regards the territory as the successor state to the British Somaliland protectorate , which was independent for a few days in 1960 as the State of Somaliland , before uniting with the Trust Territory of Somalia -LRB- the former Italian Somaliland -RRB- later the same week to form the Somali Republic .
La Scala was originally illuminated with 84 oil lamps mounted on the palcoscenico and another thousand in the rest of theater .
Dimmu Borgir -LRB- in English -RRB- is a Norwegian symphonic black metal band from Oslo , Norway , formed in 1993 .
Hindenburg was unenthusiastic about these plans , but was pressured into going along with them by his son along with Meissner , Groener and Schleicher .
Many locations in the state have similar names , such as Minnehaha Falls -LRB- '' waterfall '' -RRB- , Minneiska -LRB- '' white water '' -RRB- , Minneota -LRB- '' much water '' -RRB- , Minnetonka -LRB- '' big water '' -RRB- , Minnetrista -LRB- '' crooked water '' -RRB- , and Minneapolis , which is a combination of mni and polis , the Greek word for '' city '' .
It can refer to discrete-time signals that have a discrete number of levels , for example a sampled and quantified analog signal , or to the continuous-time waveform signals in a digital system , representing a bit-stream .
Michael Clapham -LRB- L -RRB-
The members were Lawrence Livermore -LRB- more commonly known as Larry Livermore -RRB- on guitar and vocals , Kain Kong -LRB- Kain Hanschke -RRB- on bass and vocals and Tré Cool on drums and vocals .
Based on these descriptions and the Byzantine sources , John Haldon and Maurice Byrne reconstructed the entire apparatus as consisting of three main components : a bronze pump -LRB- the Ï Î Ï Ï Î 1\/2 , siphÅ n proper -RRB- , which was used to pressurize the oil ; a brazier , used to heat the oil -LRB- Ï Ï Ï Ï Ï
Bartholomew JoJo '' Bart '' Simpson is a fictional main character in the animated television series The Simpsons and part of the eponymous family .
Missouri Although its surface circulation had dissipated , its circulation aloft remained intact and led to a burst of rainfall early on August 20 .
The buffalo-hunting industry became an important employer of Aboriginal people during the dry-season months .
Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 carry a gold-anodized aluminium plaque in the event that either spacecraft is ever found by intelligent life-forms from other planetary systems .
Kamaboko has been made in Japan since the 14th century CE and is now available nearly worldwide .
She was re-elected in 2009 with a larger majority and was able to form a governing coalition with the FDP .
Saint-Maixent is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
In June 1956 , the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956 was signed into law , granting funding to the nationwide Interstate Highway System .
In her last letter , she expressed her hope that her activities in Nili would bring nearer the realization of a Jewish national home for the Jews in Eretz Israel .
He accepted Hyde 's suggestion of Monroe for a small comedic role in All About Eve as Miss Caswell , an aspiring actress , described by another character as a student of '' The Copacabana School of Dramatic Art '' .
Pronville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Willie Tidwell , a government official in Upyer Mukluk .
Designated Uranus XXIV , it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
Big Dipper is the American term for the seven brightest stars of Ursa Major , called the Plough in Britain .
The International Air Transport Association -LRB- IATA -RRB- is an international industry trade group of airlines headquartered in Montreal , Canada , where the International Civil Aviation Organization is also headquartered .
The nematodes or roundworms -LRB- phylum Nematoda -RRB- are the most diverse phylum of pseudocoelomates , and one of the most diverse of all animals .
A religious denomination is a subgroup within a religion that operates under a common name , tradition , and identity .
Hocquinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sarah Lois Vaughan -LRB- March 27 , 1924 & ndash ; April 3 , 1990 -RRB- was an American jazz singer , described by Scott Yanow as having '' one of the most wondrous voices of the 20th century '' .
French crÃ pes , popular in France , Canada , and Brazil -LRB- where they may be called pancakes or crÃ pes -RRB- are made from flour , milk , and eggs .
In December 1893 , the Cayce family moved to Hopkinsville , Kentucky and occupied 705 West Seventh , on the south-east corner of Seventh and Young Street .
Set theory is the branch of mathematics that studies sets , which are collections of objects .
Manuel '' Manny '' Aristides Ramírez Onelcida -LRB- born May 30 , 1972 , in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic -RRB- is a Dominican-American Major League Baseball left fielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers .
A Child of Our Time is an oratorio written by Michael Tippett between 1939 and 1941 .
Former Rangers manager Alex McLeish accused the SPL of taking Scottish football '' back to the Dark Ages '' after its decision to scrap the mid-season hiatus .
It was a part of the Nurpur princely state ruled by the Rajputs prior to 1849 A.D./O. It is a meeting point of the three northern states of Punjab , Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir .
The volcanic island of Saint Lucia is more mountainous than many other Caribbean islands , with the highest point being Mount Gimie , at 950 m above sea level .
With an outline for the first book of Prelude to Dune series written and a proposal sent to publishers , Brian Herbert had discovered his father 's 30-page outline for a sequel to Chapterhouse Dune which the elder Herbert had dubbed Dune 7 .
For other uses of the term sleepwalking , see sleepwalking -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Although this game was never released outside of Japan , a sequel entitled Rhythm Tengoku Gold was released for the Nintendo DS on July 31 , 2008 , and was released internationally as Rhythm Heaven in North America , Australasia , and as Rhythm Paradise in Europe .
She has appeared in numerous advertising campaigns , including Iceberg Vodka , GUESS , Tommy Hilfiger , Christian Dior , and Marciano .
The Emperor of Jin China surrenders to the Mongols under Genghis Khan , who have besieged Beijing for a year .
You may use non-breaking spaces -LRB- -RRB- to obtain spaces or to have labels that have spaces .
Arad -LRB- ; , -RRB- is a county -LRB- jude -RRB- of Romania , in Cri ana -LRB- most of it -RRB- and Banat -LRB- south of the Mures\/Maros river -RRB- , with the capital city at Arad -LRB- population : 185,272 -RRB- .
The country 's official language is Thai .
Charizard is voiced by Shin-ichiro Miki in Japanese and English .
Sunja 69 km 69 km Sava 25 .
Sarawak is one of two Malaysian states on the island of Borneo .
Though the poems were admired for their spontaneous fervor and fluency , it was the collection that followed four years later in 1826 -LRB- Odes et Ballades -RRB- that revealed Hugo to be a great poet , a natural master of lyric and creative song .
Proteins are also necessary in animals ' diets , since animals can not synthesize all the amino acids they need and must obtain essential amino acids from food .
Her family 's steadfast support was critical to Austen 's development as a professional writer .
After Heyman left , there was no ECW authority figure until August 14 , 2007 , when Armando Estrada was announced as the General Manager .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force -LRB- also known as ATHF -RRB- is an American animated television series shown on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim late-night programming block , as well as Teletoon in Canada .
Dierrey-Saint-Julien is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Mills , A. , Oxford Dictionary of London Place Names , -LRB-/O2001/O-RRB-
On November 14 , 2003 , Martin succeeded Jean Chrétien as leader of the Liberal Party and became Prime Minister on December 12 , 2003 .
The last of the Presocratic natural philosophers was Diogenes of Apollonia from Thrace -LRB- born c. 460 BCE -RRB- .
His brother , Benjamin Zimmer , is a linguist .
June -- Pope Gregory VII is besieged in Castel Sant ` Angelo by Henry IV , Holy Roman Emperor .
For example , '' no human lives forever '' is not falsifiable since it does not seem possible to prove wrong .
Previously engaged to actress Shar Jackson , Federline is best known for his two-year marriage to pop singer Britney Spears .
Rainbands in advance of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts are associated with weak upward motion , and tend to be wide and stratiform in nature .
In 1992 , he also released the EPs Xylem Tube EP and Digeridoo -LRB- first played by DJ Colin Faver on London 's Kiss FM -RRB- as Aphex Twin , as Power-Pill the Pac-Man EP based on the arcade game Pac-Man , and two of his four Caustic Window EPs .
The original concept was that , in months when the WWF was not holding one of its major PPV events -LRB- WrestleMania , King of the Ring , SummerSlam , Survivor Series , and Royal Rumble , which at the time ran for three hours and retailed for $ 29.95 -RRB- , they would offer a two-hour PPV , priced at $ 19.95 .
She spent her childhood at the Naval Base GÃ lcÃ 1\/4 k in Kocaeli Province .
In modern times actual goldsmiths are rare .
Pet Syrian hamsters are descended from hamsters first found and captured in Syria by zoologist Israel Aharoni .
History of print based video gaming magazines The first magazine to cover the video game industry which is still in continuous publication is the subscription only , trade periodical Play Meter magazine which began publication in 1974 and covered the entire coin-operated entertainment industry .
Throughout the rest of the film , it is occasionally interrupted to have Timon and Pumbaa comment on whatever is happening .
Year 499 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar .
In the second half of the 19th century , modern tournament play began , and the first world chess championship was held in 1886 .
A substratum is a language which has lower power or status than another , while a superstratum is the language that has higher power or status . Both substratum and superstratum languages influence each other , but in different ways .
He wrote that '' any star which rises and sets always rises and sets at the same point in the horizon . ''
This move , however , was not granted legitimacy by the international community , and Yugoslavia was considered completely dissolved into five successor states : Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Slovenia and FR Yugoslavia -LRB- later renamed into '' Serbia and Montenegro '' -RRB- .
Agriculture is also observed in certain species of ant and termite .
The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning '' red people '' , and is known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State .
Richard Herrmann -LRB- 28 January 1923 in Katowice , Poland â '' 27 July 1962 -RRB- was a German football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
The Cathedral of the Holy Cross and Saint Eulalia -LRB- , -RRB- , also known as Barcelona Cathedral , is the Gothic cathedral and seat of the Archbishop of Barcelona , SpainThough sometimes inaccurately so called , the famous Sagrada Família is not a cathedral .
Boing is an Italian TV channel marketed at children and teenagers , produced and broadcast in Italy by Mediaset .
It is classified as a chordophone by the Harvard Dictionary of Music and only types of harps are in that class of instruments with plucked strings .
Most sovereign states are states de jure and de facto -LRB- i.e. they exist both in law and in reality -RRB- .
A vocation , from the Latin vocare -LRB- verb , to call -RRB- , is a term for an occupation to which a person is specially drawn or for which they are suited , trained or qualified .
In 1903 he received the Nobel Prize in Physics with his wife , Maria Salomea SkÅ odowska-Curie , and Henri Becquerel , '' in recognition of the extraordinary services they have rendered by their joint researches on the radiation phenomena discovered by Professor Henri Becquerel '' .
Rogatien Rosaire '' Rogie '' Vachon -LRB- born September 8 , 1945 -RRB- is a retired French-Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens , Los Angeles Kings , Detroit Red Wings , and Boston Bruins in the National Hockey League .
These heavy chain-only antibodies , which were discovered in 1993 , probably developed 50 million years ago , after camelids split from ruminants and pigs , according to biochemist Serge Muyldermans .
No. 2 -LRB- band -RRB- , an American alternative rock band
At his death , the Visigoths were the most powerful of the successor states to the Western Roman Empire .
As well as a high school there are elementary schools in the public -LRB- Kinnwood Central Public School -RRB- and separate -LRB- St. John Fisher -RRB- school systems .
Elroy Finn is also following in his father and brother 's musical footsteps as drummer for the psychobilly band The Tricks and has been filling in on drums for Cut Off Your Hands .
This is based on the Old Norse word nár , meaning '' corpse '' , in reference to the animal 's greyish , mottled pigmentation , like that of a drowned sailor .
1904 & ndash ; George Stevens , American film director -LRB- d. 1975 -RRB-
Helmut Kremers -LRB- born March 24 , 1949 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Typically , due to the high current draw when starting the pump motor , hydraulic elevators are n't run using standard emergency power systems .
A county council is the elected administrative body governing an area known as a county .
TouffrÃ ville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :7403
Chester -LRB- -RRB- is a city in Cheshire , England .
Hurricane Gloria began as a large African disturbance and became Tropical Depression Seventeen on September 4 off the northwestern African coast .
After the independence of India and Pakistan , the League continued as a minor party in India , especially in Kerala , where it is often in government within a coalition with others .
TDL Group announced in March 2006 , in response to a request by Chief of the Defense Staff , General Rick Hillier , its commitment to open a franchised location at the Canadian Forces operations base in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
In Budapest , he participated in the Budapest Quartet with JenÅ ` Hubay .
Because of its effects , the name Michelle was retired in the spring of 2002 and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
Weedy Seadragons are named for the weed-like projections on their bodies that camouflage them as they move among the seaweed beds where they are usually found .
He also shows Rosina the letter she wrote to '' Lindoro '' , and convinces her that Lindoro is merely a flunky of Almaviva .
Amherst may refer to :
Theuriet received in 1890 the ' from the French Academy , of which he became a member in 1896 .
He was the President of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
Guity Novin was born in an educated middle class family in Kermanshah , Iran .
; Political campaigns : FSF sponsors a number of campaigns against what it perceives as dangers to software freedom , including software patents , digital rights management -LRB- which the FSF has re-termed '' digital restrictions management '' , as part of their effort to highlight their view that such technologies are '' designed to take away and limit your rights , '' -RRB- and user interface copyright .
Caumont is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
J. L. CALHEIROS E MENESES , President , Junta Nacional da Cortiça , Portugal .
Archibald Bulloch Roosevelt , Jr. , grandson of the former U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt , wrote in '' The Kurdish Republic of Mahabad '' that a main problem of the People 's Republic of Mahabad was that the Kurds needed the assistance of the USSR ; only with the Red Army did they have a chance .
Robson was created a Knight Bachelor in 2002 , was inducted as a member of the English Football Hall of Fame in 2003 , and was the honorary president of Ipswich Town .
Polynesia -LRB- from Greek : '' polus '' many + '' n sos '' island -RRB- is a subregion of Oceania , comprising a large grouping of over 1,000 islands scattered over the central and southern Pacific Ocean .
Michigan , Iowa , Minnesota , Louisiana and Wisconsin all received areas of over inch of rainfall as well .
professional bodies , including international organizations , state governments and secretariats may formally have their own definitions .
In its second phase , Synthetic Cubism , the movement spread and remained vital until around 1919 , when the Surrealist movement gained popularity .
Thalheim is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
.
Lefaux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Soviet Union produced a quantity of social science fiction , including works by the Strugatsky brothers , Kir Bulychov , Yevgeny Zamyatin and Ivan Yefremov .
As with all chemical bonds , energy is required to break the bonds in ATP and energy is not released from breakage of these bonds .
Rheumatism or rheumatic disorder is a non-specific term for medical problems affecting the joints and connective tissue .
The Nintendo DS is the first Nintendo console to be released in North America before Japan .
It was challenged by cruiserweights at a maximum weight of 215 lbs .
They won four more championships by , and then went into one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history , which ended in , when the team won their sixth World Series Championship .
Canadian Tire ` money ' distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada .
The Pennines are a low-rising mountain range in Northern England and Southern Scotland .
Nickel Creek consisted of three permanent members : Chris Thile -LRB- mandolin -RRB- , Sara Watkins -LRB- fiddle -RRB- and her brother Sean Watkins -LRB- guitar -RRB- .
As of September 2 , 2007 , Noggin no longer airs any show produced by Sesame Workshop -LRB- it has since premiered Pinky Dinky Doo , which is a Noggin Original produced by Sesame Workshop -RRB- , but had new and old episodes -LRB- September 8 , 2008 â '' present -RRB- .
The LorkoviÄ - VokiÄ coup failed and its conspirators were executed .
The first edition of Stern 's pioneering textbook The Principles of Human Genetics was published in 1949 .
That is why one can say : '' with confidence level 100 -LRB- 1 â ' Î -RRB- % , Î 1\/4 lies in the confidence interval . ''
The Shingo River is a tributary of the Suru River , and flows through the Ladakh region .
Settlement came after the discovery of gold nearby and the Post Office opened on January 1 , 1858 .
Heuss became a member of the German Democratic Party -LRB- Deutsche Demokratische Partei , DDP -RRB- , the political heir of the Fortschrittliche Volkspartei , in 1918 and was a member of parliament in the Reichstag from 1924 to 1928 and from 1930 to 1933 .
The role , created in 2000 after the London devolution referendum , was the first directly elected mayor in the United Kingdom .
They then continued to India on pilgrimage , and finally settled in Gangtok at the invitation of the Chögyal , the king of Sikkim .
About 20 % of the known species are benthic , that is belonging to the lowest zone of the ocean , or benthic zone , and can attach to algae and rocks .
Facebook is a social networking website that is operated and privately owned by Facebook , Inc. .
Ã ntorsura is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,280 people . It has the following constituent villages : Ã ntorsura .
Moondyne Joe was given a ticket of leave in April 1871 .
Today , tourism is again the Kinneret 's most important economic activity with the entire region being a popular holiday destination .
Sains-lès-Pernes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Midnight Cowboy is a 1969 American drama film based on the 1965 novel of the same name by James Leo Herlihy .
Schismatic as an adjective means pertaining to a schism or schisms , or to those ideas , policies , etc. that are thought to lead towards or promote schism .
Texas Instruments announces the development of the first transistor radio .
All have evolved paddle-like tails for swimming and the ability to excrete salt .
Year 29 -LRB- XXIX -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
King James I , who came to the English throne from Scotland in 1603 , had a keen interest in witchcraft .
1897 & ndash ; John G. Bennett , British scientist and author -LRB- d. 1974 -RRB-
Under European Union guidelines , only the product from Portugal may be labeled as Port .
The Maltings is a set of buildings , mostly dating from the 19th century , built on the banks of the River Ore near Snape , Suffolk , England .
Cleo Virginia Andrews -LRB- June 6 , 1923 â '' December 19 , 1986 -RRB- , better known as V. C. Andrews or Virginia C. Andrews , was an American novelist . She was born in Portsmouth , Virginia .
-LRB- ? -RRB-
Escoville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He was last heard on the radio approaching the water after flying off the coast , unable to give his position , and crashed at sea : his body was found by the Brazilian navy near an offshore oil platform on July 4 , 2008 , one day before Couch 's interstate lawnchair balloon flight .
There are two primary classes of anchors -- temporary and permanent .
Pa n -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- is the capital of the Indian state of Bihar and the second largest city in eastern India after Kolkata .
His family moved frequently to afford rent , but never left his hometown .
She will leave the newborn lying out for 4-5 weeks , longer than any other antelope .
Shearston trained as press correspondent with United Press and his first show business job was with The Tintookies , the Australian traveling puppet show .
Undated George Psalmanazar arrives in London .
The $ 1 note was replaced by a coin in 1984 , while a $ 100 note was also introduced .
For the 2007 season , Toro Rosso began using the Ferrari V8 engine , taking over the contract that their senior team broke from by switching to Renault power .
For the short story by Stephen King , see 1408 -LRB- short story -RRB- ; for the film , see : 1408 -LRB- film -RRB- .
Juan Diego Flórez -LRB- born January 13 , 1973 in Lima , Peru -RRB- is a Peruvian operatic tenor , particularly known for his roles in bel canto operas .
Furthermore , Art Nouveau monuments are now recognized by UNESCO on their World Heritage List as significant contributions to cultural heritage .
For instance , an armoire desk is a desk built within a large wardrobe-like cabinet , and a portable desk is light enough to be placed on a person 's lap .
Attinghausen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland .
The 56th quadrennial United States presidential election was held on November 4 , 2008 .
Alternative rock consists of various subgenres that have emerged from the independent music scene since the 1980s , such as grunge , Britpop , gothic rock , and indie pop .
In 1948 , Parker returned to New York , and Davis rejoined his group .
Rider King Strong -LRB- born December 11 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actor , director , producer and screenwriter .
Olympia is a major cultural center of the Puget Sound region .
Victot-Pontfol is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Iodine tincture is not a recommended source of solely-nutritional iodine .
The only incidence of this form in contemporary use is at Shiogama Jinja '' é 1\/2 ç '' ç ç 3\/4 '' .
Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory .
AgustÃ n Ross Park is a park located in the AgustÃ n Ross Avenue , in front of the old Ross Casino , in Pichilemu .
Omaha -LRB- -RRB- is the largest city in the state of Nebraska , United States , and is the county seat of Douglas County .
The holy sign of dedication , the shining gold plate on the high priest 's turban , was engraved with the words : '' Holiness belongs to Adonai . ''
Sakura passes the test and becomes the new master of the Clow Cards .
Events Religion July 16 -- Year one of the Islamic calendar begins , during which the Hijra occurs -- Prophet Muhammad and his followers emigrate from Mecca to Medina in September .
1st Interior Minister -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , 1st , 2nd and 3rd the National Assembly of South Korea .
As of 2007 , 31 countries operated nuclear power plantsThe World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2007 p. 6 .
Pumbaa argues that the film should n't go out of order and attempts to rewind the film back to the beginning .
On November 24 , 2006 it had its first general English release in the United Kingdom ; that month it was also released in France , Serbia , Belgium , Italy , Russia , Singapore and South Korea .
1918 & ndash ; Moscow becomes the capital of Russia again after Saint Petersburg held this status for 215 years .
Kekkonen redirects here .
Shays ' Rebellion produced fears that the Revolution 's democratic impulse had gotten out of hand .
It lies 10 kilometres -LRB- 6 miles -RRB- from the Belgian border .
Alaska Airlines was the first to convert one of its -400 s from regular service to an aircraft with the ability to handle 10 pallets .
Timberlake also co-wrote and performed on '' Carry Out '' , the third single from Timbaland 's album Shock Value II , released on December 1 , 2009 .
There are currently about 7 billion cubic kilometers of continental crust , but this quantity varies due to the nature of the forces involved .
Counting sometimes involves numbers other than one ; for example , when counting money , counting out change , when '' counting by twos '' -LRB- 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 ... -RRB- or when '' counting by fives '' -LRB- 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 ... -RRB- .
Renamed Kings town upon Hull by King Edward I in 1299 , the town and city of Hull has served as market town , military supply port , trading hub , fishing and whaling center , and industrial metropolis .
EstrÃ es is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ciney is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- born February 21 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actress , television director , voice actress , singer-songwriter , author , and film and television producer .
John Robert '' Joe '' Cocker , OBE -LRB- born 20 May 1944 -RRB- is an English rock\/blues musician , composer and actor who came to popularity in the 1960s , and is most known for his gritty voice , his idiosyncratic arm movements while performing , and his cover versions of popular songs , particularly those of The Beatles .
The Allianz Arena , the host venue of the 2012 Champions League Final holds 69,901 spectators .
Henri Patrick Mboma Dem -LRB- born November 15 , 1972 in Douala , Cameroon -RRB- is a former Cameroonian football striker , the former all-time top goal-scorer for the Cameroonian national team .
Origen listed Lamentations and the Letter of Jeremiah as one unit with the Book of Jeremiah proper , among '' the canonical books as the Hebrews have handed them down , '' though scholars agree that this was surely a slip .
District Government Website
In calculus -LRB- a branch of mathematics -RRB- the derivative is a measure of how a function changes as its input changes .
On 11 October 1946 , he married the actress Lotti Geissler .
In English , to be inert is to be in a state of doing little or nothing .
All three armies contained both European regiments in which both the officers and men were Europeans , and a larger number of ` Native ' regiments in which the officers were Europeans and the rank and file were Indians .
Based in San Diego , California , Lindows , Inc. was founded in August 2001 by Michael Robertson with the goal of developing a Linux-based operating system capable of running major Microsoft Windows applications .
IUPAC Periodic Table IUPAC Periodic Table 2007 .
It lies on the shore of the Szczecin Lagoon , very close to the border with Germany .
Green Bay Packers -LRB- -- -RRB-
He was often called '' Misha '' , a diminutive for Mikhail , and '' The magician from Riga '' for his daring combinational style .
It includes , but is not limited to , the interaction and maintenance of nuclear fission systems and componentsâ '' specifically , nuclear reactors , nuclear power plants , and\/or nuclear weapons .
Though the Smithsonian 's first secretary , Joseph Henry , wanted the Institution to be a center for scientific research , before long it became the depository for various Washington and U.S. government collections .
The art works may be presented in museums , art halls , art clubs or
Martin Luther King , Jr. delivered his historic '' I Have a Dream '' speech advocating racial harmony at the Lincoln Memorial during the march .
This is done by the contracting and relaxing of the cremaster muscle in the abdomen and the dartos fascia -LRB- muscular tissue under the skin -RRB- in the scrotum .
Even after the declaration , there was still substantial support for James in Scotland .
-LRB- Aged 16 -RRB- When the plot fails , Naraku revives Sango 's little brother Kohaku , controlling him as a pawn to manipulate Sango 's emotions and attack the rest of Inuyasha 's group . Sango seeks vengeance against Naraku , but her primary goal is to rescue Kohaku from Naraku 's influence and save his life .
22 Kalliope -LRB- , -RRB- is a large main-belt asteroid of the M-type , discovered by J. R. Hind on November 16 , 1852 .
Margival is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Sebastian Vettel -LRB- ; born 3 July 1987 -RRB- is a German Formula One racing driver , currently driving for Red Bull Racing .
A speedrun is a play-through , or recording thereof , of a whole video game or a selected part of it -LRB- such as a single level -RRB- performed with the intent of completing it as fast as possible , optionally under certain prerequisites , mainly for the purposes of entertainment and competition .
History First Baptist Church was founded in November 1887 by Allen Hill of Jennings County , Indiana .
Weinberg observed that proportions of homozygotes in familial studies of classic autosomal recessive genetic diseases generally exceed the expected Mendelian ratio of 1:4 , and he explained how this is the result of ascertainment bias .
Gerresheim is one of the 49 boroughs of the City of Düsseldorf , Germany and is located in the east of the municipality .
In the vicinity , other forts are the Fort la Bouque , the Batterie de l'Anse , the Fort Saint Charles and the Fort Saint Frédérique .
Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Her father , Sydney Dix Strong , was a Social Gospel minister in the Congregational Church and active in missionary work .
Alexandra of Denmark -LRB- Alexandra Carolina Marie Charlotte Louise Julia ; 1 December 1844 -- 20 November 1925 -RRB- was queen consort to Edward VII of the United Kingdom during her husband 's reign , 1901 to 1910 .
John Henry Foster '' Jack '' Babcock -LRB- July 23 , 1900 â '' February 18 , 2010 -RRB- was , at age 109 , the last known surviving veteran of the Canadian military to have served in the First World War , and after the death of Harry Patch was the conflict 's oldest surviving veteran .
For the following 60 years , swine influenza strains were almost exclusively H1N1 .
In 1894 one ceremony brought together Queen Victoria , her son Edward -LRB- future Edward VII -RRB- , her second son Alfred -LRB- Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha -RRB- , her daughter the German dowager Empress Friedrich -LRB- Victoria -RRB- , and many of her grandchildren , such as future Tsar Nicholas and Alexandra of Russia , Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany , and the future King George V of Great Britain .
Bohain-en-Vernandois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2006 for his work on COBE with John C. Mather that led to the measurement '' of the black body form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation . ''
Sixteen years after the release of the trilogy 's final film , the first in a new prequel trilogy of films was released , again released at three-year intervals , with the final film released on May 19 , 2005 .
Dziecinów is a village in Otwock County , Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive -LRB- administrative -RRB- and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
The most famous geyser in the park , and perhaps the world , is Old Faithful Geyser , located in Upper Geyser Basin .
It is known for its fine Armenian architecture of the classical period , which has influenced many other Armenian churches since .
Matei studied at the National University of Music from Bucharest , film music composition .
There are two extant subspecies of Red Panda : the Western Red Panda -LRB- Ailurus fulgens fulgens -RRB- that lives in the western part of its range , and the somewhat larger Styan 's Red Panda -LRB- Ailurus fulgens styani -RRB- that lives in the east-northeastern part of its range .
For this reason specifications of area and population differ greatly .
Caniformia , or Canoidea -LRB- literally '' dog-like '' -RRB- , are a suborder within the order Carnivora .
'' Korea '' derives from the Goryeo period of Korean history , which in turn referred to the ancient kingdom of Goguryeo , the first Korean dynasty visited by Persian merchants who referred to Kory -LRB- Goryeo -RRB- as Korea .
The exact origins of the Games are shrouded in myth and legend but records indicate that they began in 776 BC in Olympia in Greece .
In his obituary , he was described by The Daily Telegraph as '' the most highly regarded graphic designer of his generation , and probably one of the most prolific '' .
Mexico 's independence would not be effectively declared from Spain in the Declaration of Independence of the Mexican Empire until September 27 , 1821 , after a decade of war .
The Yaqui River -LRB- RÃ o Yaqui in Spanish -RRB- -LRB- Hiak Vatwe in Yaqui -RRB- is a river in the state of Sonora in northwestern Mexico .
The volcano is also one of the three tall peaks in Mexico to contain glaciers , the others being Iztaccíhuatl and Pico de Orizaba .
Although hired to direct a film adaptation of Ender 's Game by Orson Scott Card that was scheduled for release in 2008 , he '' moved on '' io9 website article -LRB- 4/18/08 -RRB- , accessed June 20 , 2008 from the project .
A Girl Like Me : The Gwen Araujo Story is a 2006 LGBT biography television movie directed by award-winning director Agnieszka Holland and aired on Lifetime Television .
Thomas Tallis -LRB- c. 1505 23 November 1585 -RRB- was an English composer .
In British , Australian , New Zealand , Italian , and some Canadian universities , a tutor is often but not always a postgraduate student or a lecturer assigned to conduct a seminar for undergraduate students , often known as a tutorial .
That fall saw a great escalation of the anti-war actions of the New Left .
The district includes the '' Five Towns '' of Normanton , Pontefract , Featherstone , Castleford and Knottingley .
The koala -LRB- Phascolarctos cinereus -RRB- is an arboreal herbivorous marsupial native to Australia , and the only extant representative of the family Phascolarctidae .
Habsburg is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The boiling point of an element or a substance is the temperature at which the vapor pressure of the liquid equals the environmental pressure surrounding the liquid .
It was first produced by Rudolph Benkerts in 1867 in his cellar from pasteurized goat 's milk .
Intentional torts are any intentional acts that are reasonably foreseeable to cause harm to an individual , and that do so . Intentional torts have several subcategories , including torts against the person , including assault , battery , false imprisonment , intentional infliction of emotional distress , and fraud .
Initially they were numbered 11136-11176 and , later , D2550-D2619 .
His father was an architect and his mother was the daughter of a prosperous merchant .
The good fairy returned and put everyone in the castle to sleep .
Hampden was built in 1903 , though all signs of the original stadium are long gone .
This minority , which rejected dropping the policy of abstentionism , now nominally distinguishes itself from Provisional Sinn Féin by using the name Republican Sinn Féin -LRB- or Sinn Féin Poblachtach -RRB- , and maintains that they are the true Sinn Féin republicans .
MK and Lily share a sweet and happy relationship .
Faridpur is a district in central Bangladesh .
Thermocouples are a widely used type of temperature sensor for measurement and control
The Governor of Florida is the chief executive of the Government of Florida , and serves as chairman of the Florida Cabinet .
Based on years of working with inner-city gangs , church youth groups , high school clubs , youth camps , and families in crisis , Gothard wrote his master 's thesis on a youth program that eventually led to his development of seven principles of life he believed were not optionalWhat Bill Gothard teaches from billgothard.com .
In 1923 an agreement between the United Kingdom and France established the border between the British Mandate for Palestine and the French Mandate of Syria .
Plot synopsis In a sun-dappled forest two men are searching for buried treasure .
Black was nominated to the Supreme Court by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 63 to 13 .
The whole eastern half of Darfur is covered with plains and low hills of sandy soils , known as ' , and sandstone hills .
The White House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of the United States .
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
In addition , Gable was one of the few actors to play the lead in three films that won an Academy Award for Best Picture .
King of the Gods and ruler of Mount Olympus ; god of the sky , thunder , and justice .
In 1934 Goodman auditioned for NBC 's Let 's Dance , a well regarded radio program that featured various styles of dance music .
Dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .
She also worked for the government of the Union of Burma .
Hamilton Hume -LRB- 19 June 1797 19 April 1873 -RRB- Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton -LRB- 1797 - 1873 -RRB- ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
The Beechworth Correctional Centre minimum-security prison offered up to thirty of its inmates to provide assistance to firefighters ; a local DSE manager said that though untrained personnel would not be allowed at the fire front , the prisoners would be welcome in support roles .
Location of Alo - Falling Rain Genomics
A tea ceremony can last up to four hours , depending on the type of ceremony performed , the number of guests , and the types of meal and tea served .
The city has the largest population , the largest economy in the State and also in southern Brazil .
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season was a below-average year , unlike the 2009 Pacific hurricane season , which was above average , both due to a moderate El NiÃ o/O. During this year , nine tropical storms formed , the fewest since the 1997 season .
A car ferry plies its trade across the Gulf of California from Mazatlán to La Paz , Baja California Sur .
He attended Mississippi State University , where he participated in college baseball .
He has written for The Simpsons , and he is the head writer and executive producer of Futurama .
Remicourt is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège .
Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American drama film starring Spencer Tracy , Sidney Poitier and Katharine Hepburn , and featuring Hepburn 's niece Katharine Houghton .
Titze , I. R. -LRB-/O2008/O-RRB- .
Anthony Michael '' Tony '' Lazzeri -LRB- December 6 , 1903 -- August 6 , 1946 -RRB- was an American Major League Baseball player during the 1920s and 1930s , predominantly with the New York Yankees .
Ross and Christmas fly to Vilena to do initial reconnaissance after meeting with their contact , Sandra -LRB- Gisele Itié -RRB- , only for the mission to go awry .
Silicate compounds , including the minerals , consist of silicate anions whose charge is balanced by various cations .
He left many compositions for keyboard , some of which were collected in the Fitzwilliam Virginal Book .
The town of Brandenburg , which is almost as widely known as the state of Brandenburg , provided the name for the medieval Bishopric of Brandenburg , the Margraviate of Brandenburg , and the current state of Brandenburg .
Wikipedia is not uniformly peer reviewed ; while readers may correct errors or remove erroneous suggestions , they have no legal duty to do so .
The name Holborn may be derived from the Middle English '' hol '' for hollow , and bourne , a brook , referring to the River Fleet as it ran through a steep valley to the east .
Related to urethritis is so called urethral syndrome Passage of kidney stones through the urethra can be painful and subsequently it can lead to urethral strictures .
Year 1682 -LRB- MDCLXXXII -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Sunday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .
It is located west of the central districts , north of Penzing and south of Hernals .
The Synoptic Gospels state that James and John were with their father by the seashore when Jesus called them to follow him .
Nine states changed allegiance from the 2004 election .
Heiner Zieschang -LRB- 12 November 1936 in Kiel â '' 5 April 2004 -RRB- was a German mathematician .
Jolley is a city in Calhoun County , Iowa , United States .
From 1937 to 1945 , he also acted as the minister and official of the Reichspost , the German postal service , having succeeded Paul Freiherr von Eltz-Rübenach as minister .
After seven years , the children have the right to live with the father or the mother , as they decide .
St. John is located about 4 miles east of Saint Thomas , the location of the territory 's capital , Charlotte Amalie , and 4 miles south and west of Tortola , part of the British Virgin Islands .
Plaissance Arrondissement
It was originally released in 1992 on the Accurate label , and then re-released by Rykodisc in 1993 .
Valderoure is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Minority owner Larry Tanenbaum hired Dryden to become the president of the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey club in 1997 .
SP42 goes through it .
Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 crime-drama film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Harvey Keitel as the eponymous '' bad lieutenant '' .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , John J. Kavelaars , Dan Milisavljevic , and Brett J. Gladman on August 13 , 2001 , and given the provisional designation S\/2001 U 2 .
Born in Yokosuka , Kanagawa prefecture on January 8 , 1942 , Koizumi was educated at Yokosuka High School and Keio University , where he studied economics .
Helmut Rahn , known as Der Boss -LRB- The Boss -RRB- , -LRB- 16 August 1929 in Essen â '' 14 August 2003 -RRB- was a German football player .
Alexey Ekimyan -LRB- , -RRB- also Alexey Gurgenovich Hekimyan -LRB- April 10 , 1927 -- April 24 , 1982 -RRB- was a famous Armenian-Russian composer , and author of popular songs .
Chien-Ming Wang -LRB- March 31 , 1980 -RRB- is a Taiwanese Major League Baseball pitcher who currently plays for the Washington Nationals .
It was developed by Cross and released in 2000 .
Blood plasma is the yellow liquid component of blood in which the blood cells in whole blood are normally suspended .
Cowpox is a skin disease caused by a virus known as the Cowpox virus .
He was one of few scouts who sought to discover a player 's personality along with their playing ability , often conversing with players as part of efforts to learn about the players he was watching .
Classical Athens was a powerful city-state .
Along with close fossil relatives such as Maroccosuchus , it is sometimes classed in the family Gavialidae .
Link 's Crossbow Training , known in Japan as Link 's Bowgun Training , is a shooting video game published and developed by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
About Gohar Shahi At the age of twenty , when Shahi was the owner of F. Q. Steel Industries , he started to search for spiritualism amongst the saints and dervishes of the time .
Vortex -LRB- Carowinds -RRB- , a stand-up roller coaster at Carowinds in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States
Named after the 16th-century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria , the ship had a gross register tonnage of 29,100 and a capacity of about 1,200 passengers and 500 crew .
Unfortunately for New York listeners , a major thunderstorm virtually obliterated the NBC radio signals there , but the performance was heard elsewhere and preserved on transcription discs .
Today it is the easternmost town in Germany .
Uproar after Moonies buy town , BBC , October 14 , 2000 In May 2002 , federal police in Brazil conducted a number of raids on organizations linked to Sun Myung Moon .
Heroic characters were replaced with disaffected antiheroes and family friendly storylines were replaced with stories based on shock value , similar to the '' Trash TV '' genre popularized in the 1990s .
Music Pink is an American singer-songwriter whose real name is Alecia Moore .
A vortex -LRB- plural : vortices -RRB- is a spinning , often turbulent ,
Lady Middleton -- the genteel , but reserved wife of Sir John Middleton , she is quieter than her husband , and is primarily concerned with mothering her four spoiled children .
In this year , for the first time , Babbage describes his analytical engine .
They reached Savannah on 8 February 1736 , where Wesley saw Oglethorpe 's offer as an opportunity to spread Christianity to the Native Americans in the colony .
The tomb of Prophet Muhammad later became part of the mosque when it was expanded by the Umayyad Caliph Al-Walid I. Mount Uhud is a mountain north of Medina which was the site of the second battle between Muslim and Meccan forces .
By 1956 , Leif Erikson Day had been made an official observance in seven states -LRB- Wisconsin , Minnesota , South Dakota , Illinois , Colorado , Washington , and California -RRB- and one Canadian province -LRB- Saskatchewan -RRB- .
June 11 -- Battle of Azaz : The Crusaders defeat the Seljuk Turks .
It is considered his best poetic work .
Soon after , the Jesuit priest Oswald Tesimond told Garnet he had taken Catesby 's confession , in the course of which he had learned of the plot .
The Mediterranean island of Lampedusa -LRB- , -RRB- belongs to Italy and is the largest of the Pelagie Islands , situated 205 km from Sicily and 113 km from Tunisia .
He is a winner of four Academy Awards for his film work and ten Grammy Awards for his recordings .
It was carved into the landscape by the massive glacial River Warren between 11,700 and 9,400 years ago at the end of the last ice age in North America .
Chierry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Long pepper -LRB- Piper longum -RRB- , -LRB- Pippali -RRB- , sometimes called Indian long pepper , is a flowering vine in the family Piperaceae , cultivated for its fruit , which is usually dried and used as a spice and seasoning .
By extension , the radius of a circle or sphere is the length of any such segment , which is half the diameter .
It was first performed at the Königliches Hof - und National-Theater in Munich , on June 21 , 1868 .
Myrciaria dubia , commonly known as Camu Camu , CamuCamu , Cacari , and Camocamo , is a small -LRB- approx .
It was discovered on 1999-07-18 by John J. Kavelaars et al. .
In August 1824 , Charlotte was sent with three of her sisters ; Emily , Maria and Elizabeth , to the Clergy Daughters ' School at Cowan Bridge in Lancashire -LRB- which she would describe as Lowood School in Jane Eyre -RRB- .
The '' roundworms '' or '' nematodes '' -LRB- phylum Nematoda -RRB- are the most diverse phylum of pseudocoelomates , and one of the most diverse of all animals .
Keiji Watanabe is a Japanese football player who currently plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
For some time before turning to professional hockey , Emery had an ambition to become an architect .
It is also the site of the official residence of the President of Singapore , the Istana .
Non-software content The DFSG is focused on software , but in June 2004 the Debian project decided to apply the same principles to software documentation , multimedia data and other content .
A car engine becomes a CHP plant in winter , when the reject heat is useful for warming the interior of the vehicle .
Heart of Midlothian F.C. -LRB- most commonly referred to as Hearts -RRB- are a football club from Edinburgh , Scotland , who play in the Scottish Premier League .
